President, I have heard this interesting discussion by two Senators I like a great deal. I cannot add to the experience the distinguished Senator from California had asmayor of San Francisco and, in fact, in her work as a national leader in efforts to prevent AIDS.  I say also to my good friend from Kansas that I remember being in Uganda at a time when they were first becoming aware of the fact they had an AIDS problem. I was sitting with President Museveni when he got his first real briefing, by USAID officials, of the calamity of AIDS in his country. At that time he switched from opposing the use of condoms as an acceptable way to protect against AIDS to supporting it.  It is one of the reasons Uganda is a model for Africa today. Of course they support abstinence. So does the Senator from California. Of course they support fidelity. So does the Senator from California. But also in Uganda they know that does not always work. And they also support the use of condoms.  I commend the Senator from California for her amendment. This amendment addresses one of the serious flaws in a bill that has much else to recommend it.  This bill, assuming the President requests the funds to implement it, will be a major step forward in the fight against HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria.  I have pressed for significantly more funding to combat AIDS ever since I first traveled to Africa in 1990 and saw the ravages of AIDS in Uganda, South Africa, and Kenya.  We have had amendments brought up here within the past year to appropriate emergency funds to combat AIDS, that were opposed by the White House. Now the majority party has its own bill, a House bill and they want us to pass it without amendment. I understand that. But this is the Senate, not the House.  The amendment of the Senator from California would clarify several matters.  First, we all support programs to promote abstinence among young people who are not yet sexually active. We support that and her amendment reaffirms that.  We also support programs to promote fidelity, because multiple partners is a major cause of HIV transmission. The Senator's amendment promotes fidelity.  But in many instances, and especially for women and girls in countries like Uganda, Cambodia, India, or South Africa, abstinence is not a realistic option. And fidelity may be an option for women, but it makes no difference because they have no control over their male partners. And that also goes for married women.  In many developing countries, women and girls have no say over when or even with whom they have sexual relations. And for them, a condom is their only protection against HIV. It is a matter of life and death.  That is true in Uganda, where I have been. We have heard a lot said about how Uganda's rate of HIV infection was reduced because of abstinence. That is not the whole story. In fact it is a distortion. Promoting abstinence has been very important there, but it has been no more important than other interventions, like promoting the use of condoms.  Senator Feinstein's amendment supports abstinence. It supports fidelity. And it supports the use of condoms. Like the Uganda model, her amendment does not give one approach any more weight than the other.  Most importantly, it does not mandate a certain amount of funds for any one approach.  Whether 33 percent or 13 percent or 3 percent of the funds we make available for AIDS prevention are used to promote abstinence is a public health decision that should be made not by Congress, but by experts working in the field.  The same goes for the amount spent on condoms. It is not for us to decide that. It varies depending on the country and the target population.  Among younger populations abstinence may be the best approach. Among others it may be irrelevant and condoms may be the only practical protection. That is consistent with Uganda's experience. It is consistent with the experience of exports everywhere who are working to stop the spread of AIDS. And it is consistent with what President Bush himself has said.  It is also important to mandate that abstinence, fidelity, and condoms are only three of the necessary approaches to AIDS prevention.  There is also counseling. There is voluntary testing. There is treatment for sexually transmitted diseases. These are all essential to any AIDS prevention strategy. Again, this has been true in Uganda, and in many other countries.  So let us not earmark one approach--abstinence--when it is only one of several necessary approaches. Senator Feinstein's amendment leaves it to the Administration, and to the experts who implement these programs, to decide. That is the only sensible and workable approach.  I yield the floor.  