President, I am somewhat perplexed that we are in this situation. Let me explain why. This is not a question of whether people are for or against those who abuse children. We are all against that, Republicans and Democrats. It is one of those many areas that would unite all of us. Those of us who are parents or grandparents always feel that way. I think of some of the child molesters I prosecuted before I was in the Senate. Invariably, I sought the stiffest sentences possible, and got them, including life sentences. So I do not think any of us has to demonstrate that we are against child molesters. I think the American people know that, of course, we are all against them. That is the way I was when I prosecuted them and the way I am in the legislation I have helped to write.  For example, the AMBER alert bill that is before us: When I was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee last year, I put that through in record time. We had a hearing. We had a vote in committee. We brought it up for a roll call vote on the floor in about a week. It was a record. We sent it over to the other body. Of course, they sat on it and never passed it.  This year, I joined with Senator Hutchison of Texas, Senator Feinstein of California, and Senator Hatch of Utah. The four of us put through AMBER alert again, brought it up, had a rollcall vote on the Senate floor. Every single Senator who was here that day voted for it. We sent it over to the other body, where it languished.  This conference report also includes the PROTECT Act, to provide prosecutors with important tools to fight child pornography. That is a Hatch-Leahy act. Twice I came to the floor of the Senate and joined Senator Hatch in urging passage of this measure that we crafted together. I do not need to suggest whether I am for that or not. I helped write it.  We have housing for abused children in this legislation. Again, I helped write that bill. I am the lead sponsor. Obviously, I am for that.  We had the so-called Reid shoe bomber fix to the criminal law. I am the lead sponsor of that.  The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children authorization, I am a lead sponsor of that.  The victims' shield, the cyber-tipline, these are things I have sponsored and supported. I have no problem with any one of them.  But what happens, and I hate to think this is why the other body has refused to take up our AMBER alert bill twice now, we suddenly have a bill that comes back--actually, as my friend Senator Kennedy pointed out during our only conference meeting in this matter, subject to a point of order with new and controversial provisions added to a once non-controversial and bipartisan bill.  It would have been so much better if the other body had simply taken the bill I got out of the committee last year and we passed in the Senate, and having failed to do so, it would have been so helpful had they taken the bill--of Senator Hatch and myself and Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison and Senator Feinstein--and passed it here, this year, and gone with that. The House leaders chose not to pass it. They delayed its passage and tried to use it as a sweetener to add on a number of controversial items.  I wonder what would have happened had they simply taken the bill and passed it last year. The President made clear he would sign it after we passed it by such an overwhelming majority. The other body decided not to.  I wonder what would have happened had they picked it up and passed it this year after we passed it through the Senate. The President would have signed it. Maybe we would already have a nationwide AMBER alert system today. One wonders how many children might have been saved by such a nationwide AMBER alert plan if the other body had been willing to pass that bill last year or earlier this year when we passed it.  So many, Republicans and Democrats alike, came together on parts of this bill with the idea of protecting children. I worry when efforts to protect our children are used as pawns by those who play politics by attaching legislation of a more controversial nature. Of course, the AMBER alert legislation is in there. I was a main sponsor of that last year and this year. Of course, I am happy about that and I will speak further on that later.  I cannot imagine a worse nightmare than a family having an abducted child. I remember sitting around the clock with families when I was a prosecutor as we were trying to find their children. I also remember some cases where we found a child and the child was dead. I remember as a young prosecutor, trying to keep my composure in the trials when I prosecuted the people who did that and seeking the maximum sentence. One, especially, I still have nightmares about to this day, a case in Chittenden County. I remember it as though it were yesterday even though it was many years ago.  So that is why I worry when we find ourselves in a situation where all of this time-consuming discussion on more controversial matters could have been avoided. We have so much in this legislation, that Republicans and Democrats alike have joined in, so much that our staffs have worked on so hard over the last 2 years. So many things of these measures are helpful and broadly supported by police, Governors, and those who have to deal with abused and neglected children.  The unfortunate situation is--whether it is overreaching, whether someone was looking for an opportunity, I do not know--that members of the other body insisted once again on adding controversial measures that have already slowed down this important legislation.  These are bills that came out of the House Judiciary Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee. We, of all people, should be willing to set the standards and make sure we follow the rules. We, of all people, should not add things in controversial provisions that do not belong here. That is what has been done.  I can think of things I would have liked to have had included in the conference report--and not controversial matters at that--but unfortunately, even non-controversial requests by the minority were not afforded the same consideration as highly controversial proposals by the majority.  I tried to add the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefit Act of 2003. This legislation would improve the Department of Justice Public Safety Officers Program by allowing families of public safety officers who suffer fatal heart attacks or strokes to qualify for Federal survivor benefits. I have been at the funerals of officers who died of a heart attack after putting their lives on the line to protect their community.  Each year hundreds of public safety officers nationwide lose their lives and thousands more are subjected to great physical risks. The benefits can never be the substitute for the loss of a loved one. Families of fallen heroes depend upon us for helping out when their family members make the ultimate sacrifice.  I tried to include the Hometown Heroes bill to fix this loophole and assure the survivors of public safety officers who die of heart attacks or strokes, who die within 24 hours of being on the job, are eligible to receive financial assistance. We passed this bill in the House last year. Representative Etheridge, in the other body, and I introduced identical versions of this legislation. The House passed it, but an anonymous Republican hold in the Senate stopped those benefits for the families of fallen police and firefighters.  During the conference, I offered this bill as an amendment, hoping to see it become law. Unfortunately, the majority blocked it.  My colleagues across the aisle overlook the fact that public safety is dangerous, exhausting, and stressful work. A first responder's chance of suffering a heart attack or stroke greatly increases when he or she puts on heavy equipment and rushes into a burning building to fight a fire or save lives. To not be able to participate in the PSOP program--I wish my friends on the other side of the aisle allowed families,survivors of those who died in the line of duty that way, to be able to at least have the benefits that go to other officers. I think it is unfortunate.  I have heard from police officers, I have heard from firefighters. They ask, how can this possibly happen? Is this a partisan issue? I say, I hope it is not. If there is one thing that should unite Republicans and Democrats, it is support for the families of those who die in the line of duty. We could have done that. Unfortunately, Republicans in the House and Republicans in the Senate voted it down. I hope they will reconsider that decision. I would welcome them back to the fold. But also, the families of firefighters and police officers, the first responders, would welcome them back. They face grave disappointment today. They cannot understand why this was not done. They would like to see it back. I call on the Republican leadership to instruct the Members to let this go through.  I am glad the conference report did include a provision I introduced in the last Congress to clarify an airplane as a vehicle for the purpose of terrorism and other violent acts. I tried to include this bill in the omnibus appropriations measure, but the Department of Justice blocked it. Then, to my surprise, the same provision appeared in the leaked copy of the Department's new antiterrorism package.  This bill is meant to address a discrete problem that surfaced in the prosecution of Richard Reid, a man who tried to blow up an international flight from Paris to Miami. In that case, the court dismissed a charge against Reid over the question whether the airplane he attempted to destroy was a mass transportation vehicle. This makes it very clear that it is. I am glad this clarification was included at my request.  There are many things in this conference report that I either helped write or cosponsored that we can all support. The Leahy-Kennedy legislation establishes a transitional housing grant program within the Department of Justice to provide to victims of domestic violence, stalking, and sexual assault, the necessary means to escape the cycle of violence. That is in here. Today, more than 50 percent of homeless individuals are women and children fleeing domestic violence. This will help real women and children, including many in my home State. I commend my colleagues who, after some initial opposition, joined with Senator Kennedy and me on this legislation.  I am glad the Protecting Our Children Comes First Act is in this conference report. It is a bipartisan bill I introduced both in this Congress and the last, joined by my friend from Utah as well as Senator DeWine of Ohio and Senators Biden, Shelby, Lincoln, and Harry Reid. Our bill reauthorizes the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. It needs to be reauthorized. That is in here.  We proposed reauthorization through the year 2007, but at least it has been agreed to through the year 2005. We agreed to double the grants. We also authorized the U.S. Secret Service to provide forensic and investigative assistance to the National Center; and we strengthened the Center's Cyber Tipline to provide online users an effective means of reporting Internet-related child sexual exploitation in the distribution of child pornography, online enticement of children for sexual acts, child prostitution, and child pornography.  Of course, the Hatch-Leahy PROTECT Act is the centerpiece of this bill. And after all the hard work that Senator Hatch and I completed to craft this bill, introduce it twice, and usher it through the Senate by two unanimous votes, I do not have to tell any one how pleased I am that the House adopted most of our provisions. The key provision from the House bill that is retained is the so-called ``virtual porn'' provision, which I predict will be the subject of much constitutional scrutiny. We will see how the House provision fares before the Supreme Court, I am sure.  So there are a number of things that are good in this bill. That is why I am frustrated we have this situation. It is because of overreaching, because of putting controversial measures in that have received little or no consideration in either body and have delayed enactment of the better parts of this bill, that we do not yet have a law passed.  I say this really out of sadness. No. 1, we did not have to be here today. The Senate passed both the Amber bill and the PROTECT Act twice, once this year and once in the last Congress, and sent clean bills to the House both times.  When these bills came out of committee last year, when I was chairman, the Senate passed them by unanimous votes on the Senate floor. They passed. We sent them to the other body and they let the bills sit there. When Senator Hatch took over as chairman of the committee this year, we passed them out again. Both Senator Hatch and I, as well as Senators Feinstein and Hutchison, were the main sponsors of the Amber bill. Senator Hatch and I were the main sponsors of the PROTECT Act. The Senate passed them out again. Again, they sat over in the other body for months without action.  Now we find out why. It appears that the Republican majority in the House was looking for legislation with that kind of universal support and popularity on which to attach controversial measures that might not have support in the Senate.  That is unfair. That is unfair to children. That is unfair to those who may be abducted. That is unfair to those of us who spent years trying to protect children. It is unfair to those, myself and others in this body, who were once prosecutors and prosecuted child molesters and abductors. It is unfair to them and to others.  I will put more material in the Record. I will go back to this. But I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to find a way out of this increasing partisanship because it has delayed passage of this important legislation, which has so much in it to protect children.  I see my colleagues on the floor. I see the Senator from Alabama who I assume--he is nodding yes--I assume he is looking for the floor, so I will yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cornyn). The Senator from Alabama.  