President, I rise to speak on a far more serious matter. I listened to the speech the President gave at the Coast Guard Academy a few days ago. I must say that this Democrat agrees with so many of the things the President said. I was especially pleased to hear him speak about the importance of foreign aid to America's security. But I became concerned after I looked behind the rhetoric of the President's speech. I wanted to see if the President's own budget request reflected his words. It does not.  At the Coast Guard Academy, the President spent a good deal of time talking about the global AIDS crisis, the worst public health threat in human history. I commend President Bush for that. He has shown great leadership on AIDS, although a bipartisan group in Congress has been pushing for action on AIDS for years.  The bill we passed last week, an authorization bill, authorized $15 billion over 5 years to combat AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria. It is an important step forward. It showed that we are beginning to take the AIDS pandemic seriously. But before we all applaud ourselves and pat ourselves on the back, let's have a dose of reality. This was an authorization bill. It does not appropriate any money.  For all intents and purposes, it is like writing a check without enough money in the bank. I can recall a meeting on a different subject where someone was offering a pledge of close to $1 billion to fund an initiative. Kidding around, I said: I will double that. I will give you my check for $2 billion. In fact, I had $138 in a checking account.  That is what we have done here. By passing the AIDS authorization bill, we have promised to write a check without enough money in the bank.  Let me explain. The President's budget request contains only about half of the $3 billion authorized for AIDS for fiscal year 2004. It remains to be seen whether the promise of that bill--a promise with which I agree--will be fulfilled. To do that, the President is going to have to submit a budget amendment for the balance of these funds.  It also remains to be seen whether the Foreign Operations Subcommittee will get the allocation that supports that amount.  The bill we passed also authorized $1 billion for the global fund to fight AIDS and TB and malaria. Again, another promise. For fiscal year 2004, the President has only budgeted $200 million for the Global Fund, that is one-fifth of the amount we authorized. In addition, it is a cut of $150 million from what was appropriated last year.  There is another problem. While the President's fiscal year 2004 budget for foreign operations does include approximately $1.2 billion to combat HIV/AIDS, it robs Peter to pay Paul to pay for increases in HIV/AIDS programs, as the President's budget cuts other essential international health programs anywhere from 5 to 63 percent.  Let's take a look at the chart. The information on this chart, incidentally, is from the United States Agency for International Development.  Child survival and maternal health programs are cut by 12 percent. These are the programs that provide lifesaving child immunizations. They also help to reduce needless pregnancy-related deaths each year. People will be astounded when they hear how many of these types of deaths occur each year. Six hundred thousand deaths. Many of these deaths could be easily prevented if we just put more resources into these programs. Instead, the President's budget cuts these programs by 12 percent.  It would cut programs for vulnerable children by 63 percent.  It would cut programs to combat other infectious diseases such as measles.  Measles kill 1 million children--not 100,000 or 200,000--but 1 million children a year. Again, this is something which is easily preventable. Every one of us can just go to the doctor's office and get our children and grandchildren immunized against measles. In many poor nations, parents and grandparents do not have that luxury. They need our help.  Does the President's budget show leadership on this issue? No. It cuts the programs which help combat measles, as well as polio, SARS, and other deadly diseases by 32 percent.  These are not my numbers, these are the administration's numbers. These numbers are in the President's budget.  Are we in favor of stopping children in poor countries from dying of measles? Of course we are. Are we in favor of fighting SARS? Of course we are. Are we in favor of fighting polio? Of course we are. Who is going to say they are against it? No one.  But, when you look at this budget, there are cuts to these and other critical international health programs. These cuts also include programs for disease surveillance. In the past, these funds for disease surveillance have been used to strengthen the World Health Organization's ability to respond quickly to outbreaks like SARS.  Everybody in this Chamber knows we will have another outbreak of either SARS or, perhaps, something far worse. There is no question that we need disease surveillance programs, because every one of these diseases is just one airplane trip away from the United States. Why would we want to cut funds for these programs?  The President's budget would also cut funds for drug resistance, which is a looming public health crisis. Many lifesaving antibiotics are already virtually useless because of resistance caused by the misuse of these drugs. The President's budget cuts funds to combat drug resistance.  While the President's budget would increase funding to combat AIDS--although nowhere near the amount promised in the bill we passed last week--it does so by cutting the budget for other global health programs.  These cuts will hurt children the most in countries where vaccines costing a few pennies make the difference between life and death. That is not acceptable.  If somebody said to us, look at those five children, you can save their lives by spending a dollar, would we do it? Of course, we would do it. Why then does the President's budget do the opposite by cutting these programs? I find this deeply troubling.  These are not Democratic or Republican programs. I have been joined time and again by colleagues on the other side of the aisle who support these initiatives in both the Senate and the House.  Mr. President, anyone who knows anything about public health knows that building the health infrastructure in developing countries is essential if you are going to effectively combat AIDS. It is the same thing with child nutrition. It is the same thing with maternal and reproductive health. You don't fight AIDS in a vacuum. It isn't an either/or proposition. People who are malnourished, who are in poor health, who have weak immune systems, who are at risk of other infections, are far more vulnerable to AIDS. It is common sense.  In addition to helping to combat AIDS, these international health programs are vitally important for their own sake. They save millions of lives for very little money. They fight diseases that we eradicated in the U.S. years ago. When I was growing up, the municipal pool would close in the summer because of polio. You never hear of such things anymore. We should be doing the same thing overseas with these types of diseases--making them a thing of the past.  Over the past 5 years, we have built up these global health programs, and each year they yield more and more results. It would be unconscionable to cut these programs. But that is exactly what the President is asking Congress to do--cut these programs.  Last week, Republicans opposed our amendments to correct some serious problems in the AIDS bill--problems they acknowledged. They said we could not take time to get the bill right, because we needed to act quickly so the President could point to this bill as a sign of U.S. leadership at the Group of Eight meeting in France next month.  Let's be serious. If the White House had wanted, they easily could have supported those amendments and made this a better bill. We also could have made sure that this bill got to the President's desk in plenty of time. It is clear to me that the other side's opposition had a lot more to do with political ideology than the President's travel schedule. And, that is simply not enough to justify the provisions in the bill that are going to make it more difficult to prevent the spread of AIDS. As a result, the President will go to France with an AIDS bill that is only half funded.  In addition, he is going to use that bill to urge other nations to do more to fight AIDS. Now, I agree that other nations should do more. This is not something the U.S. could or should do alone. But the world should ask the President, the leader of the wealthiest nation on earth, whether he is going to back up his own words with deeds.  When he asks others to do more, as he should, his own budget should not slash funding for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS and for other international health programs. The world should also ask why the United States is spending less than 1 percent on programs to combat poverty, including global health. After all, we are the wealthiest Nation on Earth. It is not only in our security interests, but also our moral responsibility, to do more.  Mr. President, at the Coast Guard Academy, President Bush spoke about other important foreign aid programs, such as the Peace Corps, Famine Fund, and the Millennium Challenge initiative. Not surprisingly, these are some of the programs his foreign aid budget favors.  But he did not mention that his budget not only slashes funding for global health but also for development assistance, which pays for everything from children's education, to agriculture research, to democracy building. His budget cuts food aid and assistance to refugees--the world's most vulnerable people. And, we have all seen the images of refugee camps around the world. People pushed from their homes because of famine or war or natural disasters often end up living in horrendous conditions.  This is not compassionate conservatism. It may conserve money, but it is not compassionate. It is shameful.  More to the point, the President's national security strategy recognizes the essential role of foreign aid. While we read about the importance of foreign aid in his national security strategy, we don't see it in his budget request.  Look at this chart. Food aid is cut by 17 percent. International disaster assistance for floods and earthquakes and wars is cut by 18 percent.  We hear a lot of speeches on the floor talking about our moral responsibility to the rest of the world.  While we may feel good about giving these speeches, I do not feel good about the lofty rhetoric that bears little resemblance to reality. And, unfortunately, we have another great example of this in the President's budget request. Great speeches, bad reality.  The President should do what he says. He should do what he is asking others to do. He should submit a budget amendment for the $3 billion authorized to fight AIDS. He also should request the funds to prevent the cuts to other vital global health programs.  Most importantly, he should start treating foreign aid for what it is: a critical investment in America's security. Less than 1 percent of the Federal budget is used to combat the conditions that cause poverty and conflict around the world. This is woefully inadequate. It shortchanges America's future. It invites insecurity.  One would have thought that if September 11 taught us anything, it was that business as usual is no longer tolerable. As I have said before, the President deserves credit for his Millennium Challenge initiative. It provides some additional foreign aid funds.  But, I ask Senators to look behind the curtain to see how it is funded. Some is new money. Sadly, the rest is from cuts to other essential programs.  And let's keep things in perspective. Before we congratulate ourselves too much, let's remind everyone that the Millennium Challenge, on an annual basis, amounts to less than what my own little State of Vermont of 600,000 people spends on public education. That is not a serious response to the challenges we face.  I also credit the President for his famine fund initiative, but I question what the real point is. He already has the authority he needs to respond to famines. The problem is that his fiscal year 2004 budget would cut title II food aid by more than the amount the famine fund would add. Again, robbingPeter to pay Paul. Unfortunately, both Peter and Paul are starving.  If we are going to lead, and especially if we are going to ask others to do more, we are going to have to stop playing shell games with the foreign aid budget. Leadership is good policy. Leadership means resources. Leadership means ideas. Leadership is not a press release.  Senator Feinstein, Senator Hagel, Senator Smith, and so many others, Democrats and Republicans, have spoken out about the need for substantially more resources to protect America's interests abroad. When are we going to stop talking and start acting?  As I have told the President before, I would strongly support him on these issues. But, I am not going to support empty rhetoric. I want to see the money. It is one thing to go on foreign trips and talk to leaders and say: Look at this AIDS authorization bill I have. But, it does not make much sense if the money is not there. And, in this budget, the money is not there.  I call on the President: Let's forget the politics. Let's come up with the right ideas on AIDS. Let's come up with the right ideas on the Millennium Challenge Account. But, once we have the right policies, let's put real resources behind these policies. And, to pay for these increases, we should not cut programs for global health, disaster assistance, refugees, food aid, development assistance, and immunizations.  Let's get rid of the rhetoric. Let's put some reality in there. If we do that, then the United States can show the promise and the moral leadership a great Nation should show.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  