President, if I might interject for a moment?  The distinguished chairman knows the great respect I have for what I many times refer to as my Senator away from home because I spend part of the week--seems to be the longer part of the week, with the hours we have been putting in around here lately--in Northern Virginia. Of course my dear friend, the senior Senator from North Dakota, knows my respect for him.  I think this is a good amendment. Senator DeWine of Ohio has taken a very active role in this, too. I hope the distinguished chairman would hold off making a snap judgment. I know he doesn't do that, in any event. But think about what the distinguished Senator from South Dakota has said.  The Senator from Ohio and I will speak on this matter at another time rather than hold the floor to do it. But there are a number--and the numbers are rather shocking--of those who are without health insurance, especially in the enlisted area. You have, so many times, this hiatus. They are leaving their job, getting called up, and being without it. It leaves families in this limbo.  I would rather, if they were being called up, they be concentrating on what they are going to be doing, not on whether they are covered by health care insurance. This is a matter we have raised with the health care committee.  I am a cochair of the National Guard caucus. We raised it within our caucus. We heard from Guard units all over the country of their needs. As the distinguished Democratic leader has said on the floor today, this is a case where we are asking they have the ability to pay into this and do this. So I hope maybe during the evening, before we come back in tomorrow, everybody might be able to look at it.  I know the distinguished Senator from Ohio, Mr. DeWine, will also want to be speaking on it. I will withhold my further comments. There are Senators on the floor waiting to speak on this bill.  I totally concur with the distinguished Democratic leader on what he has said. His experiences with the brave men and women in South Dakota are very similar to what I hear in Vermont. I suspect most States are hearing it also from their Guard. So maybe we will keep our powder dry until tomorrow. We will get some of these facts and figures and see where they go.  