President, as I have previously mentioned before the Judiciary Committee and here before the Senate, I have significant concerns about Mr. Estrada's nomination. Significant concerns have been raised and not answered. Many of us would like to have sufficient confidence based on a record and a strong confidence about the type of judge he would be. Sadly that record is not there and the administration continues to deny us access to Government files that might be helpful to us.  While he has some experience arguing appeals in criminal cases, he appears to have little experience handling the types of civil cases that make up the majority of the docket of the D.C. Circuit, a court on which Republicans blocked appointments during the last 4-year term of the Clinton administration in order to shift the ideological balance of the court.  His confirmation has been opposed by many including people and groups who represent the Latino community. The opposition of so many Hispanic organizations and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus should be of concern.  Mr. Estrada's selection for this court has generated tremendous controversy across the country and within the Hispanic community. For more than 2 years I have been calling upon the President to be a uniter and not a divider. Here is another matter on which the White House has chosen divisive, partisanship and narrow ideology over what is best for the Senate, the D.C. Circuit, the Hispanic community and the American people. This has been yet another in a string of controversial nominations that has divided, not united, the American people and the Senate.  Senate Democrats demonstrated in the last Congress that we would bend over backwards to work with the Administration to fill judicial vacancies.  We proceeded with more than 100 nominations in 17 months, held hearings and confirmed nominees at a pace almost twice that of Republicans with a Democratic President. Unlike President Clinton, however, this President has continued to insist on doing things his way and only his way and simply refuses to work with us.  Last May, at the behest of a number of Senators seeking a solid basis on which to evaluate this nomination, I wrote to the nominee and to the Attorney General requesting access to his work while employed by the Government at the Department of Justice between 1992 and 1997. In that capacity he worked for the government of which Congress is a part. Similar papers have been provided to the Senate in connection with a number of previous nominations, including those of William Rehnquist, Robert H. Bork, William Bradford Reynolds, Benjamin Civiletti, and Stephen Trott. Despite this precedent, over 300 days have passed without cooperation from the administration.  The administration has unfortunately, chosen to treat the request for relevant information of a coequal branch like a litigation discovery request that it must resist at all costs. Their approach reminds me of how the tobacco companies treated requests for information about what they knew about the cancer causing properties of cigarettes for years and years. In connection with this nomination, the administration took three weeks to study the files then dismissed the request out of hand and called it without precedent.  The administration claimed that no administration had ever provided such materials in connection with a nomination. As we have now demonstrated over and over that precedent exists going back over the last 20 years.  When presented with irrefutable evidence that these types of materials had been provided, the administration shifted its defense to trying to distinguish those past nominations and even claimed that the documents previously produced by the Department of Justice to the Senate had, instead, been ``leaked'' to the Senate. They all but called Senator Schumer a liar in response to his January letter seeking to resolve the matter.  Then we provided documents from the Department of Justice that conclusively demonstrate that the materials had been furnished in response to Senate requests. This refutes the second round of misrepresentations by the Department of Justice. The proof is in a letter from Acting Assistant Attorney General Thomas Boyd to Chairman Biden in May 1988 which notes that:       [M]any of the documents provided to the Committee, `reflect      or disclose purely internal deliberations within the      Executive Branch, the work product of attorneys in connection      with government litigation or confidential legal advice      received from or provided to client agencies within the      Executive Branch.' We provided these privileged documents to      the Committee in order to respond fully to the Committee's      request and to expedite the confirmation process.  It is now beyond dispute that ``the work product of attorneys in connection with government litigation or confidential legal advice'' has provided to the Senate in connection with past nominations.  Rather than admit their errors and work with us to resolve this impasse, the administration simply shifts ground while remaining recalcitrant. The longstanding policy of the Justice Department, until now, has been a practice of accommodation with the Senate in providing access to materials requested in connection with nominations.  On February 11, the Democratic leader and I wrote the President urging cooperation. Instead, we received anotherdiatribe from the White House Counsel's office. It is as if this administration thinks it has a blank slate and a blank check notwithstanding tradition, history, precedent or the shared powers explicitly provided by our Nation's Constitution. There is certainly a nexus between our request and the powers committed to the legislative branch, yet the Department has failed to take any efforts to try to resolve this dispute. There is part of a pattern of hostility by this administration to requests for information by Congress acting pursuant to powers granted to it by the Constitution, regarding nominees and other important matters.  Despite the stonewalling by the administration, the Judiciary Committee proceeded with a hearing on the Estrada nomination toward the end of the last session. I had said in January that I intended to proceed with such a hearing. The administration took advantage of my good faith declaration and my willingness to proceed on some of their most controversial nominees, including Mr. Estrada. Of course, in addition to Mr. Estrada we also proceeded with hearing on Judge Dennis Shedd, Professor Michael McConnell, Judge Charles Pickering, Judge D. Brooks Smith, Justice Priscilla Owen and many others. In spite of all our good faith efforts to make progress, the administration continues its hostile and partisan ways.  Confirmation of 100 judicial nominations in record time, proceeding on nearly twice as many confirmations as Republicans had in the recent past, confirming new judges for the Fifth, Sixth and Tenth Circuits after years of Republican delays, counted for naught with this administration. Still, in spite of the administration's stonewalling, the committee fulfilled my commitment by proceeding with a hearing last September after waiting in vain for six months for the Administration to show some sign of accommodation to us.  Senator Schumer chaired that hearing for Mr. Estrada last September. I was hoping that the hearing might allay concerns that have been raised about this nomination, but I was left with more questions than answers after all of the steps Mr. Estrada took to avoid answering questions at that hearing. I was also left with little hope that he would ever answer any of the concerns raised about entrusting him for the rest of his life with the responsibility for deciding cases fairly and without favor toward any ideological agenda.  When President Clinton was nominating moderates to judicial vacancies, Republicans insisted on considering the judicial philosophy and ideology of the nominees. Many took a pledge not to vote for anyone that might turn out to be an activist. In those years any concern among Republicans could forestall a hearing or committee vote. Anonymous holds were the order of the day. The committee proceeded with few hearings on few nominees and voted on even fewer. In the entire 1996 legislation session not a single circuit judge was approved by the Republican-led Senate all year not one.  Overall, during the 6\1/2\ years of prior Republican control, the Senate averaged only seven circuit court confirmations a year. During the recent 17 months in which Democrats led the Senate, by contrast we confirmed 17 circuit court nominees for a President of another party who nominated a string of highly controversial nominees. In fact, we held hearings on 20 circuit court nominees. Two of the most controversial, on whom we proceeded at the request of Republican Senators, were voted down before the committee last year. This year Mr. Estrada's nomination was reported even though all Democrats on the Committee voted against it.  Much like the administration's false claim that materials like those requested with regard to the Estrada nomination had no precedent when, if fact, there is ample precedent, the administration and Senate Republicans are now claiming that this Senate debate is without precedent. That, too, is false. In fact, a number of judicial nominations have been subjected to extensive debate over the years since Senator Thurmond filibustered the nomination of Justice Fortas to be Chief Justice in 1968. More than a dozen nominations have resulted in almost one and one-half dozen cloture votes on judicial nominations.  Among those nominations ``filibustered'' by Republicans were Stephen G. Breyer's nomination to the First Circuit; Rosemary Barkett's nomination to the Eleventh Circuit; H. Lee Sarokin's nomination to the Third Circuit; Marsha Berzon's nomination to the Ninth Circuit; and Richard Paez's nomination to the Ninth Circuit. In addition, the Democratic leadership of the Senate had to overcome Republican objection and obtain a cloture to proceed with three of President Bush's nominations in 2002, Richard Clifton to be a Ninth Circuit judge, Julia Smith Gibbons to be a Sixth Circuit judge, and Lavenski Smith to be a Eighth Circuit judge.  Of course, during the previous six and one-half years of Republican control of the Senate, Republicans often chose less public methods to end nominations. Almost 80 of President Clinton's judicial nominations were not confirmed by the Congress during which they were first nominated and more than 50 were never accorded a Senate vote. Most often Republicans would just refuse to proceed to a hearing or a committee vote on a nomination without explanation. Anonymous holds before the committee ended almost a dozen Clinton judicial nominations without anyone having to take a vote. Anonymous holds on the Senate floor delayed consideration of nominations for months and months without debate, explanation or accountability. Democratic opposition has not taken that route. Instead, we ended the secrecy of the home State Senators' blue slips and did not allow anonymous holds to long delay Senate consideration of nominations.  The Republican spin machine is repeatedly asserting that cloture votes and the use of the filibuster are ``unprecedented'' with respect to judicial nominees. Such assertions are false and misleading. Cloture, the Senate's procedure to end a filibuster, was sought on more nominations during the 103rd Congress, from 1993 to 1994, when President Clinton was President and Republicans used the filibuster when they were in the Senate minority than at any other time in our history. In that Congress, cloture was sought on 12 nominations--judicial and executive. For the remainder of President Clinton's presidency, Republicans controlled the Senate and defeated scores of judicial nominations by deliberate inaction or anonymous holds in committee and on the floor. By using other extreme delaying tactics, they did not need to use filibusters, they defeated nominations without public explanation through other tactics available to them in the Senate majority.  Individuals from all parties have sought cloture and used the filibuster in response to judicial and other nominees. In fact, the use of the filibuster and cloture has increased in recent years. Congressional Research Services reports that the filibuster and cloture are used much more regularly today than at any time in the Senate's past. Approximately two-thirds of all identifiable Senate filibusters have occurred since 1970.  Cloture votes on judicial nominees are well-precedented in recent history. Both Democrats and Republicans have sought cloture in response to debate or objections to judicial nominees since the cloture rule was extended to nominations in 1949. I would note that cloture was not sought on any nomination until 1968, because, prior to then, concerns over nominees were resolved, or the nominee was defeated, behind closed doors. From 1968 to 2000, there were 13 cloture attempts on judicial nominees. For the record, I should also note that last Congress, cloture was sought on four of President Bush's circuit court nominees. I further note that it was the Democratic leadership of the Senate that sought to invoke cloture and proceed. The objection that was overcome last Congress was that of a Republican Senator who was concerned with the White House's refusals to act on certain executive nominations.  Cloture votes have occurred on judicial nominees submitted by Presidents of both parties and on nominees to the U.S. District Courts, the U.S. Courts of Appeal, and the U.S. Supreme Court. Of these 13 cloture attempts on judicial nominees, in six of them, the Democrats were in the majority and in seven the Republicans were in the majority. The opposition has been based on objections to the judicial philosophy ofthe nominee, concerns about whether the nominee would treat all parties fairly and on procedural grounds.  I would like to take a moment to shed some light on filibusters and the practices used to block nominees when the Republicans were last in the majority. Some Republicans have been taking a quote of mine out of context from June 1998 about judicial nominations, replacing my actual words with an ellipse, then distributing it widely and misusing it. Here is what Republicans keep quoting: ``I have stated over and over again . . . [ellipse] that I would object and fight against any filibuster on a judge, whether it is somebody I opposed or supported.'' What the Republican talking points omit with their ellipse is the essential context of that quote. My actual comment was made during floor discussion about an anonymous Republican hold on yet another of President Clinton's nominees. Here was his actual comment:       I have stated over and over again on this floor that I      would refuse to put an anonymous hold on any judge; that I      would object and fight against any filibuster on a judge,      whether it is somebody I opposed or supported; that I felt      the Senate should do its duty.  The context of my comment--the subject of that very debate--and my reference even within the quote itself were about anonymous holds used by Republicans to defeat President Clinton's judicial nominations--anonymous filibusters, in essence. This was another instance in which sometimes only one or a handful of Republican Senators prevented Senate votes on President Clinton's judicial nominations.  The process of the anonymous holds with which Republicans prevented action on Clinton judicial nominees required not just a majority or a super-majority for the Senate to proceed to votes; Republicans were defeating President Clinton's nominees by requiring unanimity. And they were doing it anonymously, without accountability to the public. In the case of the Estrada nomination, Senate Democrats are seeking the information that the Judiciary Committee began requesting nearly a year ago, before proceeding to a vote.  It is clear from the language Republicans deliberately omit that what I was referring to the widespread Republican practice of blocking a nominee anonymously.  The debate from which my comment was taken was over the anonymous Republican hold on a Hispanic nominee, Judge Sonia Sotomayor, who was nominated by the first President Bush to a district court and who President Clinton nominated to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals.  Immediately after making this comment, I placed in the record a newspaper editorial criticizing these anonymous holds as ``Partisan Nonsense.'' That editorial notes that, ``In blunt terms, Leahy has criticized the Republicans who, behind the scenes and not for attribution, are seeking to scuttle Sotomayor's nomination.'' That editorial goes on to note:       ``Their reasons are stupid at best and cowardly at worst,''      Leahy told a New York Times reporter. ``What they are saying      is that they have a brilliant judge who happens to be a woman      and Hispanic and they haven't the guts to stand up and argue      publicly against her on the floor. They want to hide in their      cloakrooms and do her in quiet.'''  This again makes clear that I was talking about--anonymous holds. Judge Sotomayor was reported out of the Judiciary Committee on March 5, 1998, but anonymous Republican holds had prevented her nomination from being scheduled for a vote.  On June 18, after her nomination had been pending on the floor for more than three months, I went to the floor to protest the anonymous hold against her. Republicans refused to bring her to a vote for four more months. That is, Judge Sotomayor's nomination was pending on the floor for seven months, seven times longer than Mr. Estrada's nomination, and no Republicans claimed that denying an immediate vote was somehow unconstitutional or amending the Constitution, as they have claimed in these recent days. Once Judge Sotomayor was finally allowed a vote, 23 Republicans voted against her, yet none put any statement in the record or made a statement accounting for their holds or votes.  The real double standard evident during the Estrada debate is that during the prior years of Republican control, Republicans in practice required unanimous consent to allow a vote on a judicial nominee--not a majority or even a super-majority. One or more Republicans could refuse to allow an up or down vote on a nominee, with no accountability to the public. Thus, even if as many as 80 or 90 or even 99 Senators did not object to a judicial nominee, the objection of any Republican was used to prevent an up or down vote. Republican complaints about Democratic objections and insistence on following Senate rules ring hollow in light of their own repeated practices with President Clinton nominees. They often required the consent of 100 Senators, and certainly all of the Republicans, to bring a judicial nominee to a vote.  To hold a nominee anonymously, without any accountability, is what I objected to in my full statement and full comment and in the full context of my statement during that debate. In contrast, the extended debate on the Estrada nomination is occurring in the light of day. Republicans and the White House can bring this matter to resolution by providing the documents requested and by providing responsive answers to Senators' questions. This is not a filibuster through anonymous holds. This is a public debate that Republicans can end through cooperation.  The nomination of Judge Richard Paez starkly displays this Republican double standard. Judge Paez is a Mexican American who had served for years on the bench in Los Angeles before being appointed to the Federal district court by President Clinton in 1994. Judge Paez was nominated to the 9th Circuit in January 1996. He was one of only four circuit court nominees to get a hearing that year. His hearing was in July but he was not allowed to be reported to the floor that year. No circuit court nominees were given floor votes that year by the Republicans. Only 17 judges were confirmed that session, none of them circuit judges. This was the lowest number of confirmations during an election year in modern history. Judge Paez was then renominated in January 1997, after President Clinton's reelection.  Chairman Hatch required a second hearing on the Paez nomination in 1998, 25 months after his initial nomination. Judge Paez was reported to the floor again in March 1998, but Republicans did not schedule him for a vote in April, May, June, July, August, September, or October that year. So in contrast to the Estrada nomination, by the end of that year, Judge Paez's nomination had waited on the floor for more than 8 months. That is eight times longer than the Estrada nomination has been pending on the floor and Judge Paez still did not get a vote, due to anonymous, unaccountable Republican holds. His nomination was returned to the President without action at the end of that Congress. By then his nomination had been pending for almost three years.  Judge Paez was renominated again in January 1999. Chairman Hatch refused to place him on the committee's agenda for a vote until July 1999--another 6 months of delay, after his nomination had then been pending for more than 1000 days. Republicans continued anonymously to block a vote on the Paez nomination and refused to schedule him for a vote in July, August or September. By that time his nomination had been before the Senate for more than 1,300 days.  On September 21, 1999, Democratic Senators, having spent months and then years pleading for a vote on the Paez nomination, made a motion to proceed to his nomination. All Republicans voted against bringing his nomination up for a vote, including Chairman Hatch.  Finally, in March 2000, after his nomination had been pending for more than 1,500 days, Republicans failed in their effort to stop cloture from being invoked. The next day, Judge Paez was confirmed, and 39 Republicans voted for confirmation--two shy of the number necessary to prevent cloture or to filibuster the nomination. If they had two more votes, I wonder whether they would have ever allowed Judge Paez's nomination to come to a vote.  Mr. Estrada's nomination has been pending on the floor for less than one month. Judge Paez's nomination was pending on the floor for more than 20months before Republicans allowed him a vote. The result was that Judge Paez's nomination waited on the floor for a vote for almost two years, and his nomination was before the Senate for more than four years, before he was given an up or down vote on confirmation. Mr. Estrada's nomination has been on the floor for less than one month--not 20 months--and Senate Democrats have raised serious and legitimate concerns about the Senate proceeding to a final vote, concerning the incompleteness of the record, the lack of responsive answers to basic questions and the refusal to turn over memos equivalent to those provided in other nominations.  It was no secret that the Republicans delayed the nominations of Judge Marsha Berzon and Judge Richard Paez to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit for years, culminating in filibusters in 2000, just three years ago. After the Republican-controlled Senate repeatedly delayed action on their nominations--over four years for Judge Paez and over two years for Judge Berzon--Republicans engaged in a filibuster and cited the filibusters of Justice Fortas, Justice Rehnquist and others as precedents. At that time, Republicans argued that they were not setting new precedent.  As Senator Robert Smith stated during the debate on these two nominees:       [I]t is no secret that I have been the person who has      filibustered these two nominees, Judge Berzon and Judge Paez.      The issue is, why are we here? What is the role of the Senate      in judicial nominations? The Constitution gave the Senate the      advise-and-consent role. We are supposed to advise the      President and consent if we think the judge should be put on      the court. . . .       I was criticized by some for filibustering, that `we are on      a dangerous precedent' of filibustering judges. . . .       Filibuster in the Senate has a purpose. It is not simply to      delay for the sake of delay. It is to get information. It is      to take the time to debate and to find out about what a      judge's thoughts are and how he or she might act once they      are placed on the court.  So, those who came before the Senate just prior to our recent recess and said that no Republican ever filibustered a Clinton judicial nominee were wrong, dead wrong. Senator Smith was characteristically forthright about what he was doing.  Senator Smith went on to explain:       As far as the issue of going down a dangerous path and a      dangerous precedent, that we somehow have never gone before, as I pointed out yesterday and I reiterate this morning, since 1968, 13 judges have been filibustered by both political parties appointed by Presidents of both political parties, starting in 1968 with Abe Fortas and coming all the way forth to these two judges today.       It is not a new path to argue and to discuss information      about these judges. In fact, Mr. President . . . [w]hen      William Rehnquist was nominated to the Court, he was      filibustered twice.       Then, after he was on the Court, he was filibustered again      when asked to become the chief Justice. In that filibuster,      it is interesting to note, things that happened prior to him      sitting on the Court were regurgitated and discussed. So I do      not want to hear that I am going down some trail the Senate      has gone down before by talking about these judges and      delaying. It is simply not true.  This straight-forward Republican from New Hampshire proclaimed:       Don't pontificate on the floor and tell me that somehow I      am violating the Constitution . . . by blocking a judge or      filibustering a judge that I don't think deserves to be on      the court. That is my responsibility. That is my advise-and-     consent role, and I intend to exercise it.  Thus, the Republicans' claim that Democrats are taking ``unprecedented'' action, like the White House claim that our request for Mr. Estrada's work while paid by taxpayers was ``unprecedented,'' is simply untrue. Republicans' desire to rewrite their own history is understandable but unavailing.  They cannot change the plain facts to fit their current argument and purposes. I note in passing how many Republicans now demanding a vote on Mr. Estrada, opposed cloture on Judge Berzon and Judge Paez. I have already noted how every Republican, many of whom are now insisting on a vote on the Estrada nomination, opposed even proceeding to consider the Paez nomination.  I also recall a motion that truly was unprecedented, the motion of Senator Sessions to recommit the Paez nomination to the Judiciary Committee after it had twice been voted out over a period of four years. In fact, Senator Sessions made a motion to indefinitely postpone the nomination of Judge Paez, and 31 Republicans voted in support of that motion, including most of the people on the other side of the aisle who have come to the floor to claim that the Constitution requires an immediate up or down vote on Mr. Estrada's nomination. After cloture was invoked, Senator Sessions made a motion to indefinitely postpone a vote on Judge Paez's nomination. The motion to indefinitely postpone failed by a vote of 31 to 67. After this motion failed on March 9, 2000 the day Paez was ultimately confirmed--Senator Hatch spoke about the unprecedented nature of that motion and admitted that there had been a filibuster on Paez's nomination. Here is what he said:       I have to say, I have served a number of years in the      Senate, and I have never seen a ``motion to postpone      indefinitely'' that was brought to delay the consideration of      a judicial nomination post-cloture.       Indeed, I must confess to being somewhat baffled that,      after a filibuster is cut off by cloture, the Senate could      still delay a final vote on a nomination. A parliamentary      ruling to this effect means that, after today, our cloture      rule is further weakened.  While some Republicans would prefer to ignore that filibuster of this Ninth Circuit nominee in their quest to move as quickly as possible on the Estrada's nomination, but that would be to ignore the recent history of their conduct.  There were likewise two judicial nominees in 1994 whom the Republicans filibustered. Judge H. Lee Sarokin, nominated by President Clinton to the Third Circuit, was a qualified nominee who served as a Federal district judge for 15 years. He was opposed by conservative Republicans who argued, among other things, that he was too liberal. Senator Thurmond led the filibuster against Judge Sarokin in calling him a ``liberal judicial activist.'' That effort to defeat Judge Sarokin failed.  In 1994, the Republicans also used delay tactics to block the nomination of Judge Rosemary Barkett to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Judge Barkett was criticized by those on the other side of the aisle as being a judicial activist. Senators Thurmond and Specter led the opposition to Barkett. After announcing the Republican intention to filibuster the nomination, Democratic Majority Leader George Mitchell stepped in and filed a cloture motion.  I could describe other filibusters in detail, such as the Republican filibuster of Justice Breyer to be on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in 1980. And I could quote those on the other side of the aisle, who have said time and time again how important it is to debate a nominee and to scrutinize a nominee's record and views. In 1997, Senator Hatch said that he had ``no problem with those who want to review these nominees with great specificity'' and, in fact, he supported such efforts while chairman of the Judiciary Committee and reviewing the nomination of a Democratic President.  So, when Republicans say that a filibuster or extended debate on judicial nominees is unprecedented, I would like to ask them about their filibusters and extended debates on Judge Berzon, Judge Paez, Judge Sarokin, Judge Barkett. And, I would like to ask them about all the other judicial nominees and executive nominees that they defeated through deliberate inaction, anonymous holds, or other extreme delaying tactics.  Of course, this debate on the Estrada nomination is not, given the definition used by Republicans, a ``true filibuster.'' As the statements of the Democratic Leader and the exchange that I had with Senator Bennett and Senator Reid on February 12 made clear and as should be plain to all, we are seeking cooperation and information before proceeding to a vote. The current debate could have been shortened had the Administration at any time since last May shown any interest in working with us. It has not. Despite the efforts we have made, including the Democratic leader's letter on February 11 seeking accommodation and pointed the way out of this impasse, the Administration has steadfastly refused all of our efforts to work through these difficulties. The administration is intent on forcing this confrontation and division. That is too bad.  