President, I rise today to oppose the tax reconciliation bill conference report that is being considered by the Senate today because this tax cut bill is not fiscally responsible. When President Bush entered the White House, our country enjoyed a record budget surplus, but the fiscal irresponsibility of this administration has quickly turned that surplus into record deficits. And now this bill that was cooked up in secret between the White House and Congressional Republicans without any input from Congressional Democrats will bring our country further into debt, lead to more hard-working Americans losing their jobs, and put a greater share of the tax receipts in the pockets of the Nation's most privileged.  I voiced several concerns about this tax bill when the Senate voted on it last week. Now that the conference report is finished, I have even more. First, while I am pleased to see that this bill does contain $20 billion in financial assistance to ailing State and local governments, I am very concerned that the tax cuts in this billwill once again wreak havoc on our already disastrous State budgets around the country. In my home State of Vermont, the State legislature stopped basing its State income tax on the Federal rates because of the costly cuts called for in the 2001 tax bill. Now, Vermont is going to be faced with somehow making up an additional $35 million in revenue because of the dividends and capital gains rate reductions in this bill. This is a very large amount of money for a State whose population is only 609,000. How will Vermont and the other States possibly make up these lost revenues without massive cuts to essential health, education, and homeland security services?  Second, these tax cuts are tilted even more heavily to the very wealthy than the tax cuts the President championed in 2001. Just look at the rate reductions. For the middle three income brackets in this country, rates would drop by 2 percentage points, but the top rate will fall by 3.6 percentage points. And according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, 80 percent of dividend income goes to households with incomes over $100,000. Sadly, this administration has chosen to support tax policies where affluent people will reap enormous benefits, while working families will receive very little tax relief.  Third, this plan is riddled with Enron-like tax gimmickry by pretending that most of the provisions will sunset or expire at some arbitrary date in the future--dates chosen not to make good tax policy, but rather to make all the revenue losses fit into the $350 billion pot. 