President, we have spent a lot of time talking about the Pledge of Allegiance, which is important to the American people, and about the Estrada nomination, something that could be settled very quickly if the White House wanted to settle the matter. They have made it very clear that they do not. In fact, they have even gone so far as to publicly reject calls from a distinguished Republican, a Senator in this body, to do so. That has been in keeping with the attitude we have seen more and more on such judicial matters by the White House. They take the attitude that the Senate is irrelevant, that we should simply do whatever they say--and sometimes do.  The Senate majority replaced their majority leader at the request of the White House, something unprecedented. And now they seem willing to also take the attitude that if they confirm someone, just do it without even asking questions about the person.  The fact is, we would probably have this debate over now if they brought forward the writings of Mr. Estrada, which he said under oath he was perfectly willing to bring forward. If it weren't for that, we would have had the hearings and be finished by now.  As I go around the country, my own State or other parts of the country, I have not had an awful lot of people come to me and say: Thank God the Senate is debating one judge.  Since President Bush took office we have confirmed 105 or 106 or 107 of his judges anyway. We are going to spend weeks debating that.  What I hear from people is: Why is there not any discussion about a possible war against Iraq? The British Parliament has had a major debate on it. The Turkish Parliament had a major debate on it. The Canadian Parliament had a major debate on it. Country after country is debating this issue.  What is the Senate, the most deliberative body in the world, the body that considers itself the leading parliamentary body in the world, what have we done?  The impression of the American people is, both Republicans and Democrats, is that the Senate does not want to discuss a war with Iraq. I guarantee that if any one of 100 Senators go home--go into any restaurant, any diner, any gas station, any grocery store in their own State, they will find that most people are asking each other if we are going to war or we are not going to war. They are not discussing whether instead of 105 judges having been confirmed so far for President Bush, it will be 106 judges. That is not what they are concerned about.  On February 26, we listened to the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, who pointed out with characteristic clarity and eloquence the President's failure to request a single dime in his fiscal year 2004 budget, which he sent to Congress recently, to finance a war with Iraq. It is almost as if the White House believes we can fight a war and somehow sprinkle fairy dust and the money will just miraculously appear to pay for it.  As I listened to the Senator's remarks, I could not help but be struck again about the cavalier and dismissive way the administration has dealt not only with our allies and friends on the issue of disarming Iraq but also with the Congress and the American people. Essentially their attitude has been: We do not need you. We do not have to tell you, but you better support us.  We have seen administration officials globe trotting, in some cases offering billions of dollars and even trade concessions to the disadvantage of American workers, to other governments, in support of a war against Iraq. They will not ask Congress for a dime to pay for the war, but they are running around the world offering billions of dollars to other countries so they will support us.  When I see the billions of dollars being promised to Turkey and everywhere else, I ask: What about the first responders at home on the front line, protecting our security? They have been promised money. The President gave a good speech in New York City about how the first responders will be prepared to respond to terrorism, and that U.S. Government will be there to support them. But it is the old ``the check is in the mail.''  I look at my own State of Vermont. Like the State of the distinguished Presiding Officer, it borders Canada. We have unique problems because there we have an international border. We need to do a lot more to protect our borders and to respond, but we do not have the money to do it.  I say to the distinguished Presiding Officer, if there is a terrorist attack, God forbid, against a nuclear power plant on the border between Vermont and New Hampshire, the first calls, the first 9-1-1 calls will not go to the Office of Homeland Security. They will go to the local sheriffs and the local fire departments and the local hospitals. But we are not giving them the money that was promised.  The President acknowledged when he signed the huge omnibus appropriations bill--a bill, incidentally, that was scrubbed carefully all its way through by the White House, that it did not include sufficient funds for local and State governments to protect their citizens against terrorism. That is something Senator Byrd and I and others had been saying for months. There is not enough money in there. I guess the White House thought no one would read it.  Secretary Rumsfeld was asked what is the cost of a war against Iraq? His response was that it is ``unknowable.''  Senator Byrd mentioned this last week, and then Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz told Congress the same thing.  No one can predict with certainty how long a war will last or precisely what it will cost, not to mention the potentially immense cost of caring for an estimated 2 million refugees and of rebuilding Iraq.  But to say we do not have any idea, that is maybe convenient, but it is totally unacceptable.  The American people should not be asked to send their sons and daughters into battle without an even rudimentary understanding of what the potential costs are, both in dollars and American lives. None of us expect the Pentagon to calculate these costs with precision, but there is no doubt that a war, and its aftermath, would cost tens if not hundreds of billions of dollars, as the President's former economic adviser predicted.  If we are going to commit American taxpayers to a war costing hundreds of billions of dollars, let us say so. If we are going to promise American taxpayers that there will be first responders to protect them in their local communities, let us also be honest and say that we provided the money.  In fact, the cost of a war, at least one in which Saddam Hussein's army is quickly defeated as the administration optimistically predicts, has been estimated by the administration. So what was to prevent the President from at least requesting the best-case scenario, somewhere between $60 billion and $95 billion at last count, in his fiscal year 2004 budget?  I think there is only one explanation. The President does not want to ask the American people whether--in the midst of a recession with no end in sight, with millions of jobs already lost, more jobs lost during this President's term than that of any other President in my lifetime, and more Americans becoming unemployed every week--he did not want to ask the American people whether we can afford to spend tens or hundreds of billions of dollars on a war that fully half the American people do not support.  We did this during Vietnam. Nobody wanted to say what it cost because they knew what the reaction would be.  I want to see Saddam Hussein disarmed as much as anyone. His despotic reign and his obsession with acquiring weapons of mass destruction while his people suffer has been disastrous for his country and for Iraq's neighbors.  But, if we look back over the past several months, this administration's handling of the Iraq issue has been notable for its secrecy, its doublespeak, and its arrogance. One day they are dismissing the United Nations as irrelevant. The next day they are making either threats or billion-dollar deals with allies or members of the Security Council to win their support for a resolution authorizing the use of force.  Depending upon who the messenger is, or whether they are speaking publicly or behind closed doors, the President first said the goal was regime change, then disarmament, and now both, but that one cannot occur without the other.  The President has told the American people he has not yet made a decision to attack Iraq, but his advisers are telling the rest of the world that the decision has been made, and the Security Council of the United Nations doesn't matter because we are going ahead, no matter what. This is the administration's attitude, even while some of our closest allies work to explore alternative options that could avoid war.  The administration's rhetoric and actions have damaged key alliances and weakened our ability to work with allies and friends, not only to disarm Iraq but to solve many other global problems. They have recklessly squandered the reservoir of good will our Nation had around the world in the aftermath of September 11. Never in generations has the world been as united behind the United States as it was after September 11. In only one year, we have squandered that support.  How are we going to pay for this war? Apparently not by requesting the funds in the budget. They have not done that. Again, as Senator Byrd pointed out, the amount of money requested in the budget, to plan and carry out a war, and for its aftermath, is zero.  It is reminiscent of Afghanistan, the country the President said he is committed to for as long as it take to keep it from again becoming a haven for terrorists. The amount of money requested by the administration last year was zero. It is like promising the money for first responders in Texas or Vermont or New Hampshire or anywhere else, and then leaving it out of the budget.  So how will they do? By paying for it with red ink, cranking up the printing presses and adding to the deficit. This President inherited the largest surplus of any President in history. He is now building up the largest deficit of any President in history: Another hundred billion, what is the difference? That is the way they talk.  Yet these are the same people who were giving great speeches just a few years ago about why we need a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. They ought to be darned glad they didn't get what they wished for.  So, a balanced budget doesn't make any difference, the deficit doesn't make any difference, and don't look behind the curtain because we are not going to tell you how much it is going to. Let us hope the President's advisers are right and the war is over in a matter of weeks. Sometimes wars do end quickly.  I remember my son, a young marine, was called up in Desert Storm. Like his fellow marines, this young lance corporal answered, ``Aye, aye,'' and set off with his fellow marines. The war ended very quickly. He was not in harm's way, unlike others who were.  I am proud of him for volunteering to go. I am proud of all America's men and women who will answer the Commander in Chief's call to go. But I believe we ought at least know what we are asking them to do and why.  Let us hope the war is over in a matter of weeks. Let us hope the Iraqi Army does crumble like a house of cards. Let us hope Saddam Hussein does not blow up his oil wells and refineries. Let us hope he does not use his chemical or biological weapons. Let us hope our troops do not become bogged down in hand-to-hand urban combat, and that there will be few Iraqi civilians killed. Let us hope that predictions of massive unrest throughout the Muslim world in protest at the U.S. invasion of Iraq, and increases in the number of terrorist attacks against Americans, will be proven groundless. Let us hope the ethnic and religious factions within Iraq, some of which hate each other, will put aside their differences and join together to build the representative, democratic government the President has promised. And let us hope the President's grand vision, about which we have been given no details, to make the entire Middle East democratic, will be off to a successful start. Let us hope so.  But let us also understand it is possible that any one of these dire predictions could come true and any one of them could be disastrous for our soldiers, for innocent civilians, for the U.S. economy, for our national interests abroad, for the Middle East, for the world, and for the fight against terrorism.  Wars are unpredictable. The real costs of a war against Iraq may not be known until long after this President's term is over.  Who knew, back in 1991, that thousands of gulf war veterans would suffer from unexplained, debilitating medical problems years after the war ended and that many would never be able to work again? Who can say this war will not be the spark that ignites more terrorism against the United States--perhaps not this year or even next year, but in 3 years or 4 years? By that time, it will be too late.  We have to think about these things even if the President would rather not talk about them. We have a duty to ask what are the administration's real motivations for this war. Is it to get rid of weapons of mass destruction from Iraq? If so, why not give the U.N. inspectors the time they need and a plan for enforcing disarmament? Is it to promote democracy in Iraq? If so, then why not begin with Kuwait, which we liberated a decade ago but which even today remains a monarchy, where women still are not allowed to vote?  We have a duty to ask these questions, and to warn the American people of the risks, even if the President will not. And we must do everything we can to be sure that if war comes, it is supported by the broadest possible coalition.  So I commend the senior Senator from West Virginia for his remarks last week, and for the other statements he has made on this issue. He has asked the questions that need to be asked. I hope the administration, finally, will give the answers before the country goes to war, and not after.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  