President, on March 20 of this year, the Senate passed S. Res. 95, a resolution commending the President and the men and women of the United States Armed Forces, and the civilian personnel supporting them, for their efforts in the war in Iraq. I cosponsored that resolution. While there was some language in that resolution I would have changed or deleted, I felt it was appropriate and drafted in a relatively non-political, balanced way such that even those of us who had opposed the resolution authorizing the use of unilateral, pre-emptive force could support.  Today, the Republican leadership has put forward another resolution, which again commends the President and the men and women of the Armed Forces, as well as the civilian personnel who have supported them. I will also vote for this resolution. Of course we commend the troops, their families, and the Defense Department's civilian personnel, for their courage and sacrifice for their country. I have commended the extraordinary efforts of our troops in virtually every statement I have made about Iraq.  But this resolution goes further than S. Res. 95, in ways that I disagree with. It commends the contribution of defense contractors, for example. I have nothing against defense contractors. Many deserve recognition for their indispensable, innovative contributions to the success of our Armed Forces, including defense contractors in my own State of Vermont. It is, for example, these companies that developed the precision-guided weapons that helped to reduce the number of civilian casualties in Iraq. But other contractors have engaged in practices that have bilked American taxpayers out of many millions of dollars, overcharging for their services or manipulating the bidding process. I do not commend those contractors.  I also disagree with some of the wording of this resolution, because it may leave the wrong impression. For example, at one point it states ``Whereas the United States pursued sustained diplomatic, political, and economic efforts to remove those threats peacefully.'' It is true that the administration went to the United Nations, belatedly, under pressure from Congress and the rest of the world, to seek support for the use of force against Saddam Hussein. But it went to the United Nations with an attitude of ``you're either with us or against us,'' and when they did not get everything they wanted as quickly as they wanted it, they prematurely abandoned the diplomatic process and launched a unilateral military attack for the purported purpose of upholding U.N. resolutions without the support of the U.N. Security Council. 