President, I thank the distinguished Senator. I will not speak long.  In times of national stress there is an understandable impulse for the government to ask for more power. Sometimes more power is needed, but sometimes it is not.  After the September 11 attacks, we worked together in a bipartisan fashion and with unprecedented speed to craft and enact the USA PATRIOT Act, which enhanced the government's surveillance powers.  Now, as we consider S. 113--and we anticipate a possible sequel to the USA PATRIOT Act--it is vital for us first to examine and understand how Federal agencies are using the power that they already have. We must answer two questions: First, is that power being used effectively? Our citizens want not only to feel safer, but to be safer. They need results, not rhetoric.  Second, is that power being used appropriately, so that our liberties are not sacrificed, the openness of our society and our government are preserved, and our tax dollars are not squandered?  Unfortunately, the FBI and the Department of Justice have either been unwilling or unable to help us to answer these basic questions. Moreover, the information that we have gleaned on our own through our bipartisan oversight efforts has not inspired confidence.  In February, Chairman Grassley, Chairman Specter and I released a detailed report based on the oversight that the Judiciary Committee conducted in the 107th Congress. That report distilled our bipartisan findings and conclusions from numerous hearings, classified briefings and other oversight activities. Our oversight demonstrated the pressing need for reform of the FBI. In particular, it focused on the FBI's failures in implementing what is already in FISA.  The administration's response to our bipartisan oversight report has been to dismiss it as ``old news'' relating to problems that are all already fixed. In short, ``everything is fine'' at the FBI and they plan to do nothing to respond to the systemic criticisms in the Specter, Grassley, Leahy report. Predictably, however, Congress is asked yet again to expand the FISA statute.  The bill that we are considering, S.113, adopts a ``quick fix'' approach. With slick names like the ``Moussaoui fix,'' and the ``lone wolf'' bill, it is aimed at making Americans feel safer, but it does nothing to address the problems that actually plague our intelligence gatherers. It does nothing to fix the real problems that plagued the FBI before 9/11 and that continue at the FBI.  In private briefings, even FBI representatives have stated that they do not need this change in the law in order to protect against terrorism. They are getting all the warrants they want under the current law.  Sunset provisions, such as the one I helped add during the Judiciary Committee markup, allow us to adopt such measures as S. 113 on a temporary basis. The reporting requirement that is being added to the bill on the floor is another welcome improvement, which will help us to ascertain whether this surveillance tool is working properly or not. The reporting requirement is similar to those proposed in a bill I introduced with Senators Grassley and Specter--S. 436, the Domestic Surveillance Oversight Act.  While there is little evidence that this bill is necessary, it does create significant problems. First, it tears FISA from one of its most basic moorings. FISA was intended to assist in gathering intelligence about foreign powers and their agents. The Kyl-Schumer proposal would simply read that requirement out of the law for a whole class of FISA cases.  As introduced, the bill essentially said that a ``person'' is now a ``foreign power,'' which makes little sense as a matter of logic or policy. As reported by the Judiciary Committee, the bill's wording makes more sense, but the fundamental policy problem remains.  Second, in the rare case of a true ``lone wolf,'' our federal law enforcement agents already have potent tools at their disposal, including the title III wiretap, the rule 41 search warrant, and the grand jury subpoena. These provide ample means to combat isolated criminal acts, but with more accountability and judicial supervision than the FISA surveillance authorities.  Far from addressing a true problem, then, all that S.113 would do is encourage the use of the secret, unchecked FISA process for an entire class of cases that are more appropriately handled as criminal matters.  To the extent that some believe that there is a problem that needs to be addressed, I support the more measured and practical approach that Senator Feinstein developed, and that I was pleased to cosponsor. The Feinstein approach is to create a statutory presumption to assist the FBI in terrorism cases.  Using this approach, when the government shows probable cause to believe that a non-U.S. person is engaging in international terrorism, the FISA Court may presume that the person is also an agent of a foreign power. This permissive presumption would allow law enforcement some extra leeway in international terrorism cases, but without simply removing the foreign power nexus from a huge class of FISA matters altogether.  I commend Senator Feinstein for her work on this amendment. I believe it is a constructive and reasonable compromise. It would give the FBI what it claims to need as a practical matter, to ensure that it can use FISA against individuals like Zacarias Moussaoui, whose ties to a foreign power may be difficult to prove.  At the same time, the amendment would preserve some discretion on the part of the FISA court to determine that an individual should not be subject to surveillance because he is not, in fact, an agent of a foreign power. The FISA court should not become an automatic adjunct of the executive branch. That would destroy the checks and balances that keep us all free. Let's make sure they have the ability to act as a court.  I yield the floor.  