President, while I appreciate the desire of my colleagues to complete the omnibus fiscal year 2003 appropriations bill early in the session of this Congress, this rush to complete the bill, unfortunately, allows for the addition of certain riders that should have greater scrutiny prior to being added under the cover of darkness. Of particular concern to me is section 329, which would eliminate consideration of the record of decision for the 2002 Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the 1997 Tongass Land Management Plan, forest plan, from the Forest Service's administrative appeal process and judicial review.  The inherent values of the Tongass National Forest to the American public cannot be understated. As the Nation's largest national forest, 17 million acres, located in southeast Alaska, it contains large tracts of pristine lands that are presently unprotected from future management activities. This is the last vestige for species that once roamed the Lower 48 States uninterrupted by the designs of humans. The Tongass is home to the American eagle, grizzly bears, a variety of fish species, including the Chinook, Coho, and Sockeye salmon to name a few, that once flourished in the rivers throughout the United States and numerous plant and wildlife species both common and unique.  Section 329 is opposed by many Alaska and national environmental organizations. Over 170,000 Americans commented on the agency's 2002 Draft EIS, which recommended no new wilderness on any of the 9.7 million acres of Tongass roadless areas. Over 95 percent of those commenting urged the agency to recommend more wilderness protection for the Tongass.  While there is a time and place for the appropriate management of any national forest, making that determination of when and where needs to include the public in the decisionmaking process. Whereas, collaboration and public involvement play an integral role in the development of any forest plan, at times there is the need for an objective review to ensure that the public's concerns have been addressed. Removing these reviews, either through the agency's established appeals process or by the court, undermines the basic intent of allowing for public involvement in the management of the public's lands.  It has taken numerous years to develop the Tongass Forest Plan; this should not be viewed negatively, but as a reflection of the public's passion for this national treasure. The court told the Forest Service in a previous order to go back to the drawing board. This determination was due to the lack of additional lands into the National Wilderness Preservation System. This court decision resulted in the 2002 Supplemental EIS, which now my colleague proposes to bypass both the agency's internal review process and the judicial system. It is as though he is saying ``trust us, we will get it right this time.'' It is not a matter of right or wrong, but a matter of due process that we need to ensure has been adhered to, to ensure that the American public's concerns have been heard on the management of their national lands.  This amendment would set a dangerous precedent for the entire national forest system by essentially giving the Forest Service a free pass to write the record of decision however they like because it cannot be reviewed. I urge my colleagues to remove the language and instead let the review process work as it is intended to occur.  