President, I understand the distinguished chairman is on his way over. As we have evenly divided time and time is running, I will begin and will yield when he arrives.  We have another in a series of cloture votes on this divisive nomination today. Actually, nothing has changed significantly since the leadership forced the three previous cloture votes.  I did read in the New York Times over the weekend that Mr. Estrada spoke about the memos he wrote as being perhaps somewhat divisive. Maybe that is why the White House does not want us to see them. The only reason we are having these problems is the administration has refused to bring forward the writings on which one could form an idea whether he should have a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in the country.  The White House has had access to all these writings and they eagerly committed the political capital to go forward. But they don't want us to see them. The administration remains insistent that the Senate rubberstamp nominees without fulfilling the Senate's constitutional advise and consent role in this most important process.  Everyone has known for a long time how to solve the impasse in the Miguel Estrada nomination. The Democratic leader's letter pointed the way back in early February. Some say that the administration is proceeding this way because they do not care whether he goes through or not. They think somehow it is a political issue. That is the problem if this administration continues in its efforts to politicize the Federal courts.  There has been too much politicizing. The Federal courts are not a branch that belongs to either the Republican or Democratic party. They are not a branch of whoever is in the White House or in control of the Congress. They are the one independent branch of Government. They are supposed to be above politics, outside of politics, andyet in this case the White House could easily move forward with this nomination but is choosing to keep it in limbo. Unfortunately, too many Members are willing to dance to that tune.  Remember, it says advise and consent not advise and rubberstamp. The administration and Mr. Estrada do not want to show Members his writings. This is part of the work and experience that made the White House such an eager supporter of him. The American people and their representative ought to know how he thinks and have the best basis to predict how he would act as a judge, whether as an ideologue or as an impartial judge.  Past administrations--and I have been here with President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, former President Bush, and President Clinton--they have all shown similar type writings to the Senate. We had nominations of Robert Bork, William Rehnquist, Brad Reynold, Ben Civiletti, and others. Even this administration did so for a nominee to the Environmental Protection Agency.  We have had senior members in the Republican Party say they wish the White House would show some cooperation, as past White Houses have, to get forward on this. Instead, we continue being blocked by the administration's position when we should be going forward.  