President, today we consider the nomination of Judge Marion Blank Horn to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. Although this is not a so-called ``Article III'' court with lifetime appointments, it is an important court with 15-year terms for its members. Judge Horn has been serving on the court for almost 15 years and I do not oppose her re-appointment. What I do take issue with, however, is the Administration's unilateral actions, in spite of the bipartisan cooperation and appointments of other Presidents to this and other courts.  The process for nominating judges to the Court of Federal Claims has traditionally included accommodation and compromise. For more than 2 years Senate Republicans blocked President Clinton's appointment of Larry Baskir to the court until a compromise could be reached. They refused to give him a hearing and refused to allow any of the other vacancies to be filled unless the administration promised to keep conservative Judge Loren Smith as the Chief Judge. Republicans also insisted on the reappointment of another Republican appointee, Judge Christine Miller. Finally, Senator Hatch agreed to allow five Clinton nominees to have hearings and votes if the administration also named his staffer Edward Damich to the court and promised to retain Judge Smith as Chief until his retirement into lifetime senior status at the end of his term appointment. Upon Chief Judge Smith's ``retirement,'' President Clinton named Judge Baskir the Chief Judge. Shortly after his inauguration, President George W. Bush summarily removed Judge Baskir as chief judge and installed Judge Damich as the Chief Judge.  Last fall when the Democrats were in the majority, we took the exceptional action of quickly moving the nomination of Larry Block to the Court of Federal Claims at the request of the ranking Republican, Senator Hatch. At that time, I noted that we would expect fairness and consideration in return, including true bipartisan consultation with respect to Federal Court of Claims nominations. Despite our accommodation on Mr. Block's nomination, the White House refused to act on the nomination of Judge Sarah Wilson who, up until a few months ago, was already serving with distinction on the Court of Federal Claims. Judge Wilson is a well-respected and talented lawyer who graduated from Columbia Law School, clerked for a Federal judge, was a fellow with the Administrative Office of the Courts, and served in the Department of Justice and in a prior White House. Yet, the administration and the Senate Republicans refused to accommodate our request to consider her nomination for a continued position on the court.  It troubles me that despite a long history of compromise and accommodation regarding appointments to this court, there has been no consultation with the Democratic leadership regarding the remaining nominations to the Court of Federal Claims. Instead, the White House proceeded as it does with most things--unilaterally. The same is true with respect to the Parole Commission, the Federal Election Commission and many other bipartisan boards and commissions.  I can count on one hand the number of States that have any sort of bipartisan selection commission for their district court judges. The importance of such organizations is paramount. They ensure that nominees for judicial office are selected based upon professional merit and experience. The recommendations of such commissions have the support of members from their community on both sides of aisle. Accordingly, these bipartisan commissions preserve the independence and integrity of the judicial branch of government and ensure the fair and equal administration and enforcement of justice.  Unfortunately, this President has thwarted the development of bipartisan boards and commissions for judicial appointments. The White House Counsel has indicated publicly that he does not favor bipartisan committees because they ``usurp the president's constitutional authority to choose judges.'' This unilateral and uncompromising view disregards the constitutional role of the Senate. It also fails to acknowledge that these commissions simply make recommendations to the President. They do not make nominations in lieu of the President. The administration's disdain for bipartisan commissions ignores past precedent and tradition.  It is one thing for a President to appoint members of his Cabinet to carry out his political agenda but it should be different with respect to judicial appointments. When a President makesnominations for positions to a co-equal branch of government, he should not be able to tip the scales of justice by packing the courts with ideologues who are selected to implement his political agenda. Recently, Walter Dellinger noted that the President's ``slate of nominees, considered as a whole, . . . [is] a list tilted to the right and from which any other views have been carefully culled.'' I agree that we need to broaden the slate. This could be best accomplished with the creation of new judicial selection commissions who could make recommendations to home State Senators and to the President.  I urge the White House and Chairman Hatch to work with us to assemble the type of bipartisan panel that Senator Hatch helped assemble in 1997 and 1998 to fill the remaining vacancies on the Court of Federal Claims in a way that respects the tradition of compromise and accommodation that has marked appointments to this court. I also look forward to working with Senate Republicans to preserve our constitutional role in advising the President on judicial nominations to all courts through the use of bipartisan selection commissions.  