President, tonight the Senate votes on the nomination of Judge Carlos Bea of California to the ninth circuit. In just 9 months this year, the Senate has confirmed 58 of President Bush's judicial nominees, which is more than Republicans allowed to be confirmed for President Clinton in 4 of the 6 years of Republican control. In fact, in just 9 months this year, the Republican led Senate has confirmed the same number of judicial nominees as they allowed for President Clinton in all 12 months of 1995. I recall well that the following annual session, 1996, Republicans allowed only 17 judicial nominees to be confirmed all year and not a single circuit court nominee was allowed a confirmation vote by the Senate.  I am glad that, in moving the nomination of Judge Bea to the ninth circuit, the Republican leadership has chosen not to follow the delaying approach they took on the nominations of two other Latino circuit court nominees of President Bush, Judge Edward Prado to the fifth circuit and Judge Consuelo Callahan to the ninth circuit. The two Democratic home State Senators support the nomination of Judge Bea and have worked to expedite his consideration. I expect most if not all Democratic Senators will vote to confirm him, just as they did Judge Prado and Judge Callahan and the scores of Hispanic nominees we have worked so hard to confirm over the last 11 years.  For 2 full years this White House refused to nominate any Latino for the circuit courts other than the highly divisive and controversial nomination of Miguel Estrada. Then the White House refused to work with the Senate to provide the information needed to consider that nomination. Ultimately Mr. Estrada asked that his nomination be withdrawn so that he could devote his attention to his law practice at a prestigious law firm. The Republican leadership delayed Senate consideration of Judge Edward Prado's nomination for a month, then delayed consideration of the nomination of Judge Consuelo Callahan. Their false claim of anti-Hispanic bias among Democrats has been rebutted by the facts.  Democrats have voted to confirm 13 Latinos nominated by President Bush to the Federal courts. Last Congress, Senate Democrats swiftly confirmed six Latino judicial nominees chosen by President Bush--Christina Armijo of New Mexico, Judge Phillip Martinez of Texas, Randy Crane of Texas, Judge Jose Martinez of Florida, Magistrate Judge Alia Ludlum of Texas, and Jose Linares of New Jersey. This Congress, Democrats have unanimously supported the confirmation of seven other Latino judicial nominees--Edward Prado of Texas to the fifth circuit, Consuelo Callahan of California to the ninth circuit, S. James Otero of California, Cecilia Altonaga of Florida, Xavier Rodriguez of Texas, and Frank Rodriguez Montalvo of Texas. And today we vote on the nomination of Judge Bea.  Democrats supported the appointment of 11 Latinos nominated by President Clinton to the appellate courts, but Republicans blocked 3 of them. Of the 12 Latino appellate judges currently seated in the Federal courts, 8 were appointed by President Clinton and 2 by President Bush.  Republicans blocked six Latino nominees of President Clinton from ever receiving a vote--three for the circuit courts and three for the district courts. Republicans blocked Enrique Moreno, who President Clinton nominated to the fifth circuit; Jorge Rangel, who President Clinton nominated to the fifth circuit; and Christine Arguello, who President Clinton nominated to the tenth circuit. In addition, Republicans refused to allow votes on district court nominees, Ricardo Morado, R. Samuel Paz, and Anabelle Rodriguez. Although Republicans denied confirmation votes for six Latinos nominated by President Clinton, among the more than 60 other judicial nominees, Democrats have opposed only a handful of President Bush's judicial nominees.  Many Hispanic nominees of President Clinton were also delayed by Republicans including immigrants Judge Rosemary Barkett and Judge Sonia Sotomayor, as well as Mexican-Americans Judge Richard Paez and Judge Hilda Tagle. Republicans filibustered Judge Paez's nomination for more than 4 full years before finally allowing him a confirmation vote.  Like many of President Clinton's Hispanic nominees, Judge Bea's nomination is supported by the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund and others in the local community.  After today's vote, the Senate's tally is 158 to 3 with 158 lifetime judicial nominations confirmed and three of the most extreme having been blocked. This stands in stark contrast to the Republican record during their prior 6 years of control of the Senate, when Republicans allowed the confirmation of 248 of President Clinton's judicial nominees and blocked confirmation votes on 63 of his judicial nominees, 20 percent. The historical record shows that in 6 years of control, Republicans blocked votes on almost two dozen of President Clinton's circuit court nominees, including five nominees for the fourth Circuit, three for the fifth Circuit, three for the sixth Circuit, three for the ninth Circuit, two for the tenth Circuit and two for the D.C. Circuit. Indeed, in the third and fourth year's of President Clinton's second term, when they controlled the Senate majority and timetable, less than half of President Clinton's circuit nominees were confirmed. Despite this history, Democrats held the first hearings and votes in years for President Bush's nominees to the fourth, fifth, sixth, tenth and D.C. Circuits. Only a handful of the most extreme or controversial nominees of President Bush have been blocked from receiving votes.  Despite the recent past when Republicans blocked so many more circuit court nominees of President Clinton, they seem determined to use judicial nominations for their 2004 election strategy. As the Los Angeles Daily Journal reported last week:       Despite the fact that judicial nominations barely register      on the public's radar screen, Republicans say the issue is a      good one for them. They plan to continue to push hard for      Bush's nominees, even in the face of firm Democratic      opposition. And, they believe, the more nominees that      Democrats block, the more the Republican charge of Democratic      ``obstructionism'' will resonate with voters, ultimately      paying dividends in the 2004 elections, especially in the      South. ``Our strategy has been: We don't want to see these      people go down, but if they're going to go down, the      Democrats have to hurt for it,'' said the [Republican] aide.      Bush himself has said he intends to make his judicial      nominees an issue in 2004. ``I'm reminding people of the      issue of judges,'' Bush said in a round-table meeting with      Texas reporters last week. ``I will elevate this issue as the      course of the campaign goes on.''  For 5 of the 6 full years that Republicans controlled the Senate during the Clinton administration they did not allow 12 circuit court nominees to be confirmed all year. With Judge Bea'sconfirmation, Democrats will have joined in the confirmation of far more circuit court nominees of this President than Republicans allowed on average for President Clinton. In the years 1995 through 2000 just seven circuit court nominees were allowed to be confirmed per year on average. This is the twelfth circuit judge confirmed in the last 9 months. This is in addition to the 17 circuit judges confirmed while I chaired the Judiciary Committee and Democrats made up the Senate majority in 2001 and 2002. That totals 29 circuit judges confirmed in the last 26 months.  Republicans do not want to discuss these facts and seem to hope that the American public is not closely watching the actual work of the Senate since 1995. Far from being obstructionist, Senate Democrats have been accommodating in confirming the vast majority of President Bush's judicial nominees, 150 so far. Despite the very real Republican obstruction of dozens and dozens of President Clinton's judicial nominees, we have turned the other cheek in voting for President Bush's very conservative nominees to seats kept open by Republican obstruction of President Clinton's nominees.  As a consequence, there are now fewer vacancies on the Federal courts today and earlier this year than at any time in the past 13 years. Had we not created new seats for this President to fill, we would be at the all-time low vacancies of the Reagan administration. There are more lifetime appointed Federal judges serving on the bench today than at any time in American history. This is hardly the portrait of obstructionism that Republicans will try to sell to the American people.  We have been fair but we will not be rubberstamps for this or any administration. The stakes are too high and the Constitution is too important to do otherwise.  