President, I want to thank the managers of the bill for accepting this amendment, and I also want to thank the White House for its support.  This is an amendment of few words--only seven, in fact, but they are important words. The Millennium Challenge Account, MCA, authorized in this bill, provides for a determination by the Millennium Challenge Board of eligibility of candidate countries for assistance. The Board is to determine whether such a country has demonstrated a commitment to several things, including ``just and democratic goverance,'' ``economic freedom,'' and ``investments in the people of such country.'' I support this. It is long overdue for our foreign assistance to be linked to concrete benchmarks like these. Too often, we have squandered U.S. taxpayer dollars on corrupt, autocratic governments that do not share our values or a commitment to democratic and economic reform.  However, as orignally drafted, the criteria for MCA eligibility do not include a country's commitment to protect the environment. Many governments of developing countries have turned a blind eye or even participated in the wholesale destruction of the timber, mineral and fossil resources that are among a country's greatest source of wealth. In Indonesia and parts of South America, the forests and wildlife are being destroyed at an astounding rate. In Angola, billions of dollars in oil revenues have been stolen by corrupt officials, and this continues today. Other countries are rapidly depleting their scarce water resources, or poisoning their rivers and lakes with toxic pollutants. Fisheries are being mismanaged, and valuable arable land is being lost to erosion.  Economic development cannot be sustained without the sustainable management of a country's natural resources, yet few developing countries have adopted laws or policies which adequately reflect the irrevocable link between economic growth and environmental protection. And some countries that have such laws or policies do not enforce or implement them. My amendment addresses this issue by ensuring that in order to qualify for assistance under the MCA, a country must have demonstrated a commitment to ``the sustainable use of natural resources.''  