President, the selection of Margaret Catharine Rodgers to be the nominee for the Northern District of Florida serves as an example of how the judicial nominations process should work. Judge Rodgers was interviewed and recommended by Florida's bipartisan judicial selection commission. This selection commission was created by Senators Graham and Nelson in negotiated agreement with the White House and it has produced a consistent stream of talented and well-respected attorneys for the lifetime appointments on the district courts in Florida.  Judge Rodgers currently serves the Northern District of Florida as a magistrate judge. She received a ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association, having proven her qualifications in the district in which she will serve, on the bench, in private practice, and in her community. Prior to becoming a lawyer, Judge Rodgers served for several years in the United States Army and received several commendations for her service.  With tonight's vote on Judge Rodgers' nomination, the Senate will have confirmed a total of 165 judicial nominations of President George W. Bush. Despite all of the false charges of obstruction leveled by the White House and Republican Senators, we have now reached a historic level of confirmations of judicial nominations.  In less than 3 years, President Bush has now equaled the total number of judges appointed by President Reagan in his first 4 full years in office. Republicans tout President Reagan as the ``all-time champ'' in judicial appointments and yet he attained 165 confirmations at the conclusion of his first 4-year term in office, while President Bush has achieved the same benchmark in less than 3 years in office. President Reagan's entire first term saw a Republican Senate majority enabling the President to achieve that milestone. That Democrats in the Senate have cooperated with President Bush to exceed it is extraordinary and reveals the truth about the confirmation process. Only a few of the most extreme of President Bush's judicial nominees have been blocked.  Of course, you will not hear Republican Senators or the White House tell the public today that this historic level of appointments has been reached, that President Bush has matched President Reagan's first-term judicial appointments with 15 months remaining in his term. You will not hear that truth from this administration. The Senate has opposed only the most extreme nominees and has moved cooperatively and expeditiously on less controversial nominees.  The record will reflect that Democrats have worked hard to balance the need to fill vacancies on the Federal bench with the imperative that the judges chosen will be fair to all people. With this confirmation, there are now only 40 vacant seats in the Federal bench. Until this year, this mark had not been reached in 13 years or during the entire Clinton administration, when more than 50 judicial nominees were blocked from receiving confirmation votes. Had we not authorized almost 20 judgeships last year, the vacancies might be in the 20's.  President Bush is on pace to appoint judges far in excess of those of any other President in American history. In fact, this President has had so many vacant seats to fill because Senate Republicans did such an effective job of blocking scores of Clinton nominees with impunity. When I became chairman of the Judiciary Committee in mid-2001, we inherited 110 vacancies. In a little more than 2 years since then Democrats and Republicans have worked together to confirm 165 judicial nominees of President Bush. The White House and the Republicans in the Senate refuse to declare themselves victorious in their efforts to appoint a historic number of judges chosen by the President. They insist on seeing the glass half empty, when it is nearly full to the brim. They refuse to take any steps to address the fact that fully 20 percent of President Clinton's judicial nominees were blocked from getting votes when Republicans controlled the Senate. In those 6 years, they allowed only 248 judicial nominees to be confirmed and blocked another 63. Today, in less than 3 years, President Bush has achieved what it took President Reagan four full years to achieve 165 judicial confirmations.  Nominations from bipartisan selection commissions can proceed expeditiously. Judge Rodgers received a committee hearing within weeks of her paperwork being completed and she will be confirmed less than a month after her hearing. Her confirmation could have occurred even sooner since she has been pending on the floor for several weeks but I am happy that the majority leader has decided to turn to her confirmation this afternoon.  Judge Rodgers' appointment to the district court in the Northern District of Florida will bring her legal career full circle since her first job out of law school was as a judicial clerk on this very court. I am pleased to cast a vote for her confirmation today and I congratulate Judge Rodgers and her family.  