President, I am getting the impression that my distinguished friend, the senior Senator from Virginia, is not in agreement with my amendment and would like to keep the status quo, at least for now.  I respond that the current structure has not worked well. Between the two of us, we have a half century of listening to people testify. The Pentagon has said over and over again--certainly in a lot of the hearings I have had and I am sure that the Senator from Virginia has had--that they are not a foreign aid agency. The Pentagon is not a foreign aid agency.  I think the experience of the past 5 months in Iraq confirms that. They came in there without a plan, a postwar plan. I believe they miscalculated terribly and they put our soldiers in a vulnerable position.  I yield to nobody in this body in my admiration of the men and women who are in Iraq, the members of our military, but the administration put them in an untenable position. They have to maintain order, fight terrorists, build schools and sewer systems, and do all that simultaneously. Let the military and the Secretary of Defense focus on fighting the war and leave foreign aid to the agencies with the expertise.  Just this week, one of our national news magazines said:       On the ground, the Coalition Provisional Authority, charged      with actually running Iraq until the Iraqis can take over, is      the source of increasing ridicule . . . So there they are,      sitting in their palace: 800 people, 17 of whom speak Arabic,      one is an expert on Iraq. Living in this cocoon. Writing      papers. ``It's absurd,'' says one dissident Pentagon      official. He exaggerates, but not by much. Most of the senior      civilian staff are not technical experts. . . .  Time magazine says Joe Fillmore, a contract translator with the 4th Infantry Division in Tikrit, agrees that resentment is deep. ``Things may look better on the surface,'' he says, ``but there is growing frustration with the occupation. The town is dividing into two parts: those who hate us, and those who don't mind us, but want us to go.''  Whether one was for or against war, we are now there. But when we are asked to buy enormously expensive items, to spend more money to build a hospital in Iraq than we would spend on a hospital in Vermont, when we are asked to spend more money on telecommunications in Iraq than we are willing to spend in many states in the United States, when we are asked to spend more money on the electrical infrastructure in Iraq than we are willing to spend here, when we are asked to spend more money to put people back to work in Iraq than we are willing to spend in the United States, when we are asked to spend more money for police and security and prisons in Iraq than we are willing to spend where it is needed in the United States, when we are asked to spend more money for vehicles in Iraq than we spend for vehicles in the United States, I think it is fair we ask is this right? Is this necessary? Maybe it is time to put the right people in charge.  