President, I am pleased that the Senate is taking up and passing legislation to authorize salary adjustments for Justices and judges of the United States for fiscal year 2004.  As a member of both the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, State and the Judiciary, I have worked hard to help preserve a fair and independent judiciary. I have repeatedly introduced and cosponsored legislation to give our Federal judges meaningful and significant pay raises. I have been disappointed that the Continuing Resolutions approved by Congress fail to give the Federal judiciary even a cost-of-living adjustment, COLA.  In 1975, Congress enacted the Executive Salary Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act, intended to give judges, Members of Congress, and other high ranking executive branch officials automatic COLAs as accorded other Federal employees unless rejected by Congress. In 1981, Congress enacted section 140 of Public Law 97-92, mandating specific congressional action to give COLAs to judges. During the 21 years of section 140's existence, Congress has always accorded to the Federal judiciary coequal respect by suspending section 140 whenever Congress has granted to itself and other Federal employees a COLA. With the end of the last Congress, however, the continuing resolutions providing funding failed to suspend section 140, thus ensuring that no COLA would be provided for Federal judges during the current fiscal year, unless other action is taken.  In April of this year, I introduced legislation to respond to the shortfall in real judicial compensation, to repeal the link of judicial pay to congressional pay, to improve survivorship benefits, and to instill greater public confidence in our courts. This legislation would have obviated the annual need to pass judicial cost of living adjustments. Unfortunately, the Fair and Independent Judiciary Act of 2003 was never put on the agenda in committee for consideration.  I hope we can all agree that the Judiciary deserves a cost of living adjustment. I look forward to Senate passage of this bill to give our federal judges a cost of living adjustment. I hope the President will promptly sign our legislation into law.  