President, I support this amendment of my friend, the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia.  A couple of months ago, at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, the President spent a good deal of time talking about the global AIDS crisis, the worst public health threat in human history. I commend him for that, and for going to Africa, which highlighted the devastation caused by AIDS there.  President Bush has shown real leadership on AIDS, although it is important to mention that a bipartisan group in Congress has been pushing for stronger action on AIDS for years.  A short time after the President's Coast Guard Academy speech, we passed the United States Leadership Against AIDS, TB and Malaria Act, which authorized $15 billion over 5 years to combat AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria. That was consistent with what the President proposed in his State of the Union address back in January. It was an important step. It showed that we are beginning to take the AIDS pandemic seriously.  But that was an authorization bill. It did not appropriate any money. For all intents and purposes, it was like writing the check with out enough money in the bank.  Let me explain. The President's budget request contains only $1.9 billion of the $3 billion we authorized for AIDS for fiscal year 2004. $1.9 billion is a good step, but we should do more. It remains to be seen whether the promise of that authorization bill--a promise with which I agree--will be fulfilled.  The amendment of the Senator from West Virginia is the first real test of that.  The United States Leadership Against AIDS, TB and Malaria Act also called for up to $1 billion for the Global Fund to fight AIDS and TB and Malaria. Again, a promise. For fiscal year 2004, the President has only budgeted $200 million for the Global Fund, which is one-fifth of the amount authorized. It is also a cut of $150 million from what was appropriated last year.  There is another problem. While the President's fiscal year 2004 budget for Foreign Operations includes approximately $1.3 billion to combat HIV/AIDS, it robs Peter to pay Paul to pay for increases in HIV/AIDS programs, as the President's budget would cut other essential international health programs from 5 to 63 percent.  Child survival and maternal health programs are cut by 12 percent. These are the programs that provide lifesaving child immunizations. They also help to reduce the 600,000 pregnancy-related deaths each year that could be avoided. Instead, the President's budget cuts these programs by 12 percent.  It would cut programs to combat other infectious diseases like measles. Measles kills 1 million children--not 100,000 or 200,000--but 1 million children a year. Again, this is something which is easily preventable. Every one of us can just go to the doctor's office and get our children and grandchildren immunized against measles. In many poor nations, parents and grandparents do not have that luxury. They need our help.  The President's budget cuts funding for programs which combat measles, polio, SARS, ebola and other deadly diseases by 32 percent.  These are not my numbers, these are the administration's numbers. These numbers are in the President's budget.  These cuts will hurt children the most in countries where vaccines costing a few pennies make the difference between life and death. That is not acceptable.  If somebody said to us, look at those five children, you can save their lives by spending a dollar, would we do it? Of course, we would do it.  These are not Democratic or Republican programs. I have been joined time and again by colleagues on the other side of the aisle who support these health programs in both the Senate and the House.  Anyone who knows anything about public health knows that building the health infrastructure in developing countries is essential if you are going to effectively combat AIDS. It is the same thing with child nutrition. It is the same thing with maternal health. You don't fight AIDS in a vacuum. It isn't an either/or proposition. People who are malnourished, who are in poor health, who have weak immune systems, who are at risk of other infections, are far more vulnerable to AIDS. It is common sense.  Mr. President, we hear a lot of speeches here. We may feel good about giving those speeches, but I do not feelgood about lofty rhetoric that bears little resemblance to reality, especially when it deals with a catastrophe like AIDS. The President's budget falls short. The allocation for Foreign Operations falls short. We have to do something.  Senator Byrd's amendment builds on an amendment offered by Senator Bingaman to the State Department Authorization a couple of weeks ago. That amendment, which passed 78-18, called for full funding--$3 billion, for the first year of the President's $15 billion AIDS initiative, even if it means exceeding the budget ceilings. This amendment does not exceed the ceilings.  This amendment would provide full funding of the United States Leadership Against AIDS, TB and Malaria Act. It is what we said we would do. Senator Byrd's amendment would do it.  His amendment would provide the additional $750 million we authorized for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria. And it would provide $350 million for CDC and NIH programs to combat AIDS. That is what we said we would do when we passed the AIDS authorization bill, and again when we passed the Bingaman amendment.  If we are going to lead, and especially if we are going to ask others to do more, we are going to have to stop playing shell games with the foreign aid budget. We are going to have to start keeping our promises.  Leadership is good policy. Leadership means resources. Leadership is not a press release.  Let's stop the rhetoric. Let's do what needs to be done to stop the 15,000 new HIV infections that occur each day. Then the United States can show the promise and the moral leadership a great Nation should show.  