President, today, we vote to confirm Michael Chertoff to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. With this confirmation, the Senate will have confirmed 128 judges, including 25 circuit court judges, nominated by President Bush.  One hundred judicial nominees were confirmed when Democrats acted as the Senate majority for 17 months from the summer of 2001 to adjournment last year. After today, 28 will have been confirmed in the other 12 months in which Republicans have controlled the confirmation process under President Bush. This total of 128 judges confirmed for President Bush is more confirmations than the Republicans allowed President Clinton in all of 1995, 1996 and 1997 the first 3 full years of his last term. In those three years, the Republican leadership in the Senate allowed only 111 judicial nominees to be confirmed, which included only 18 circuit court judges. We have already exceeded that total by 15 percent and the circuit court total by almost 40 percent with 6 months remaining to us this year.  Today's confirmation makes the eighth Court of Appeals nominee confirmed by the Senate just this year. That means that in the first half of this year, we have exceeded the average for an entire year achieved by Republican leadership from 1995 through the early part of 2001. The Senate has now achieved more in fewer than 6 full months for President Bush than Republicans used to allow the Senate to achieve in a full year with President Clinton. We are moving two to three times faster for this President's nominees, despite the fact that the current appellate court nominees are more controversial, divisive and less widely-supported than President Clinton's appellate court nominees were.  If the Senate did not confirm another judicial nominee all year and simply adjourned today, we would have treated President Bush more fairly and would have acted on more of his judicial nominees than Republicans did for President Clinton in 1995-97. In addition, the vacancies on the Federalcourts around the country are significantly lower than the 80 vacancies Republicans left at the end of 1997. Indeed, we have reduced vacancies to their lowest level in the last 13 years. Of course, the Senate is not adjourning for the year and the Judiciary Committee continues to hold hearings for Bush judicial nominees at between two and four times as many as we did for President Clinton's.  I hope that the Republican leadership will see fit to schedule Richard Wesley's nomination to the Second Circuit for a vote this week. When he is confirmed, he will be the 26th circuit court nominee of this President to be confirmed by the Senate. I expect that we will also proceed this week on the nominations of J. Ronnie Greer to be a Federal trial judge in Tennessee, Mark Kravitz to be a Federal trial judge in Connecticut and John Woodcock to be a federal trial judge in Maine. When they are all confirmed, as I expect they will be, the Senate will have confirmed more than 130 judges in less than 2 years.  As a followup to what the distinguished Senators from New Jersey have said, this is a case where on paper this could be a controversial judge, surely for Democrats, as someone who was actively involved in the Clinton impeachment matters and others. But I have worked with Mr. Chertoff. I have found him to be fair. I found him to be honest with me. I also am aware of the fact that the White House took the time--something they normally don't do, or do not often do, I should say--to actually consult with the Senators from his home State. That makes a big difference because we have had problems, of course, where that hasn't been done or where there has not been consultation or where a nominee has been sent up to divide us, not unite us.  