President, last November, the Drug Competition Act passed the Senate by unanimous consent. This morning, I am proud to join Senator Grassley, along with Senators Durbin, Feingold, Kohl and Schumer in re-introducing this important bill, I hope that in this Congress it is actually enacted into law. Prescription drug prices are rapidly increasing, and are a source of considerable concern to many Americans, especially senior citizens and families. Generic drug prices can be as much as 80 percent lower than the comparable brand name version.  While the Drug Competition Act is small in terms of length, it is large in terms of impact. It will ensure that law enforcement agencies can take quick and decisive action against companies that are driven more by greed than by good sense. It gives the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department access to information about secret deals between drug companies that keep generic drugs off the market. This is a practice that hurts American families, particularly senior citizens, by denying them access to low-cost generic drugs, and further inflating medical costs.  Last fall, the Federal Trade Commission released a comprehensive report on barriers the entry of generic drugs into the pharmaceutical marketplace. The FTC had two recommendations to improve the current situation and to close the loopholes in the law that allow drug manufacturers to manipulate the timing of generics' introduction to the market. One of those recommendations was simply to enact our bill, as the most effective solution to the problem of ``sweetheart'' deals between brand name and generic drug manufacturers that keep generic drugs off the market, thus depriving consumers of the benefits of quality drugs at lower prices. In short, this bill enjoys the unqualified endorsement of the current FTC, which follows on the support by the Clinton Administration's FTC during the initial stages of our formulation of this bill. We can all have every confidence in the common sense approach that our bill takes to ensuring that our law enforcement agencies have the information they need to take quick action, if necessary, to protect consumers from drug companies that abuse the law.  Under current law, the first generic manufacturer that gets permission to sell a generic drug before the patent on the brand-name drug expires, enjoys protection from competition for 180days--a headstart on other generic companies. That was a good idea--but the unfortunate loophole exploited by a few is that secret deals can be made that allow the manufacturer of the generic drug to claim the 180-day grace period--to block other generic drugs from entering the market--while, at the same time, getting paid by the brand-name manufacturer not to sell the generic drug.  Our legislation closes this loophole for those who want to cheat the public, but keeps the system the same for companies engaged in true competition. I think it is important for Congress not to overreact and throw out the good with the bad. Most generic companies want to take advantage of this 180-day provision and deliver quality generic drugs at much lower costs for consumers. We should not eliminate the incentive for them. Instead, we should let the FTC and Justice look at every deal that could lead to abuse, so that only the deals that are consistent with the intent of that law will be allowed to stand. The Drug Competition Act accomplishes precisely that goal, and helps ensure effective and timely access to generic pharmaceuticals that can lower the cost of prescription drugs for seniors, for families, and for all of us.  I regret that some in the Senate stalled action on this worthwhile measure until very late in the last Congress and that the House chose not to act at all, and I hope that the growing need for more cost-effective health care solutions will serve as a catalyst for quick action on this needed legislation.  