We are simply saying USDA should follow the law as any other Department has to follow the law.  I have been in the Senate a long time. I have been a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee for nearly 30 years. I am a former chairman of that committee. I have long been an advocate for the CRP program. Some of my colleagues may be concerned how this impacts CRP.  I assure everyone the amendment is a first step toward solving the dilemma the administration put us in by ignoring the 2002 farm bill. We need to solve the problem this year. Supporting the amendment assures it will be raised during conference.  We cannot allow this or any other administration, but especially one that has demonstrated total disregard for the environment, to pick winners and losers among the conservation programs. If we do not address this, we will continue to rob Peter to pay Paul and it defies the direct will of the Congress--again, the direct will in an agreement that was negotiated between Republicans, Democrats, House, Senate, and the administration. We have tried to hold our end of the deal. The administration has not.  We provided $6.5 billion for working lands programs in the 2002 farm bill. We want farmers to manage working lands to produce our food and fiber but also to enhance water quality and to enhance wildlife habitat. We are trying to put together a win-win situation: We enhance our water, improve wildlife habitat, and we still raise our food and fiber.  For example, EQIP helps share the cost of a whole lot of land management practices that help the environment, including more efficient use of fertilizers and pesticides, and greater use of innovative technologies to handle animal waste. It gives farmers the tools they need.  Every farmer and rancher I have heard from wants the money there. Every farmer and rancher I have heard from says: How come we are not following what the law requires?  If we continue to divert money, we are going to see programs such as EQIP, WHIP, and FRPP continue to face significant backlogs.  Let me show you this chart. This gives you an example of the unfunded applications.  In fiscal year 2002, USDA reported a $500 million backlog in the State of Texas, as I look at this chart. The national total is almost $1.5 billion--$1,486,000,944. There is a $17 million backlog in Arkansas, a $20 million backlog in California, a $36 million backlog in Florida, a $66 million backlog in Kansas, a $200 million backlog in Missouri, a $106 million backlog in Nebraska and, as I said, a $500 million backlog in Texas.  My little State of Vermont has a $7 million backlog. But look how much bigger it is in the rest of these States. So we have to go back. We know 70 percent of the American landscape is private land. We know farming dramatically affects the health of America's rivers, lakes, and bays. We have to go back to what we agreed when we passed the farm bill.  When farmers and ranchers take steps to improve air and water quality or assist rare species, they face new costs, new risks, or a loss of income. These conservation programs help share these costs, underwrite these risks, or offset these losses of income.  It helps our farmers and ranchers. They want it. They thought we agreed on it. We thought we had agreed on it. We should go back to what we agreed to.  My amendment, a bipartisan amendment, does that. It tells the administration to honor the 2002 farm bill by fully funding working lands conservation programs. The failure to adequately fund these working lands conservation programs is having a dramatic impact on both farmers and the farm economy.  Mr. President, how much time is remaining to the senior Senator from Vermont?  