 Madam President, the Senate Judiciary Committee is meeting. I spoke to our distinguished chairman, Senator Hatch, who is still there, and, by mutual agreement, I have come to the Chamber to speak now, and then he will, of course, have his time preserved.  Before I start, I thank both the Democratic leader and the assistant leader, Senator Reid, for their efforts to safeguard our Constitution and to protect the special role of the Senate in ensuring that our Federal courts have judges who will fairly interpret the Constitution and laws passed by Congress. We pass these statutes for the sake of all Americans, not just for Republicans, not just for Democrats--all Americans. I also thank all the Democratic Senators who have spoken on the floor or who have joined together to preserve the integrity of the confirmation process.  What is at stake in this nomination is a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in the country. Most of the decisions issued by the DC Circuit in the nearly 1,400 appeals filed per year are final because the Supreme Court now takes fewer than 100 cases from all over the country. Our DC Circuit has special jurisdiction over cases involving the rights of working Americans, as well as the laws and regulations intended to protect our environment, safe workplaces, and other important Federal regulatory responsibilities. This is a court where privacy rights will either be retained or lost, and where thousands of individuals will have their final appeal in matters that affect their financial future, their health, their lives, and their liberty, as well as the lives of their children and generations to come.  If a nominee's record or responses raises doubts or concerns, these are matters for thorough scrutiny by the Senate, which is entrusted to review all of the information and materials relevant to a nominee's fairness and experience. No one should be rewarded for stonewalling the Senate and the American people. Our freedoms are the fruit of too much sacrifice to fail to assure ourselves that the judges we confirm will be fair judges to all people and in all matters. No one should have a lifetime appointment as a gift because they stonewalled the Senate.  It is unfortunate that the White House and some Republicans have insisted on this confrontation rather than working with us to provide the needed information so we could proceed to an up-or-down vote.  Some on the Republican side are having too much fun playing politics, seeking to pack our courts with ideologues or leveling baseless charges of bigotry, to work with us to resolve the impasse over this nomination by providing requested information and proceeding to a fair vote.  I was disappointed that Mr. Bennett, the distinguished Senator from Utah, in his honest colloquy with the distinguished Senator from Nevada, Mr. Reid, and me on February 12, which pointed to a solution, was never allowed to go forward by hard-liners on the other side. I am disappointed all my efforts, and those of Senator Daschle and Senator Reid, have been rejected by the White House. 