President, with our votes on two more judicial nominees today, the Senate will have confirmed 60 judges in the 15 months that Republicans have controlled the Senate majority. In 17 months, when the Democrats were in the majority, we confirmed 100 judges. So that means between those confirmed under Republican leadership--60--and the 100 under Democratic leadership, we now have confirmed 160 in less than 3 years.  Incidentally, it approaches the 4-year total of President Reagan's first term.  I have expedited confirmation of another Oklahoma nominee, as I accommodated Senator Nickles with four nominees when I was chairman, and I am happy to accommodate him now.  I hope the leadership will look to the two much needed nominees for the Southern District of California. That is the most overworked district in the entire Nation. For some reason, the leadership has not brought them up.  I wish they would. They should be considered on an expedited basis.  Last night, the Senate unanimously confirmed Judge Carlos Bea of California to a lifetime position on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He is the 29th circuit court nominee of President George W. Bush to be confirmed. With this number of confirmations, we have reduced the number of vacancies we inherited in the summer of 2001 in 8 of the 13 circuit courts and the number of vacancies in the other 5 courts has not increased, despite more than a dozen additional vacancies that have arisen since then. In contrast, during the Clinton administration, Republicans allowed the number of circuit court vacancies to more than double, increasing the number of vacancies on 9 of the 13 circuit courts.  As I mentioned last night, the Senate has confirmed 12 circuit court nominees of President Bush in this year alone, which is more circuit court confirmations than Republicans allowed in 5 of the 6 full years they controlled the Senate during the Clinton administration. Last night, the Senate confirmed the 58th judicial nominee of President Bush this year, which is the same number as Republicans allowed in all of 1995. With the two confirmations we expect this morning, we will have confirmed more judicial nominees of this President this year than in 5 of the 6 years of Republican control of the Senate.  At the conclusion of the confirmation votes today, a total of 60 judicial nominees of President Bush will be confirmed this year, in addition to the 100 confirmations during 17 months of the Democratic majority in the Senate. This number of confirmations, 160, is significantly higher than Republicans allowed by the third year of President Clinton's second term, the most recent Presidential term, when they allowed 135 judicial nominees of that President to be appointed from 1997 through the end of 1999. That year, because the Republican chairman insisted that President Clinton nominate Utahan Ted Stewart to the district court, no nomination hearings were even held until the summer. In all, during the prior 6 years of Republican control of the Senate, 248 of President Clinton's district and circuit court nominees were confirmed but more than 60 were blocked form getting confirmation votes.  Despite this recent history, Democrats have supported the confirmation of 160 of President Bush's judicial nominees. As Senator Frist observed on the floor of the Senate last week when six additional judicial nominees were confirmed: ``Again, steady progress has been made with respect to these judicial nominations.'' The number of confirmations in the two home States of the nominees being voted on today supports that observation of the majority leader.  We have already confirmed 13 district court judges to the State of Texas and today we vote on the 14th judge appointed to the Federal trial courts in Texas, Magistrate Judge Marcia Crone. Despite her 11 years of service in the Southern District of Texas, Magistrate Judge Crone earned a partial ``Not qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association, ABA. In all, 23 of President George W. Bush's judicial nominees have received minority or majority ratings of ``Not qualified'' from the ABA, which is cause for concern. Sometimes we are able to deduce the basis of those ratings, but sometimes we cannot. It is too bad that the ABA will not provide us with the facts and factors behind such ratings. Without that information and based on the record we have before us, Magistrate Judge Crone garnered the bipartisan support of the Judiciary Committee.  Magistrate Judge Crone is nominated to 1 of the 15 new seats Democrats created to address increased caseloads around the country, and once she is sworn in there will be no vacancies in the district courts in Texas, a situation that Republicans would not allow when a Democrat was in the White House. In fact, had Democrats not created 15 new seats on the Federal courts when wewere in the majority last year, there would be fewer than 30 vacancies in the Federal courts today. As it stands, with the confirmations today, there will be 44 vacancies on the Federal bench, the lowest level reached for this President and indeed the lowest number of vacancies since 1990.  Similarly, with the confirmation of Ronald White to the district court in Oklahoma, Democrats will have supported the confirmation of a judge to a vacancy that arose last Thursday. Senator Nickles has been eager to fill this vacancy, which occurred just four business days ago and we are accommodating him. When I chaired the committee we similarly worked hard to confirm four judicial nominees to vacancies in Oklahoma.  I must express concern, however, that the Republican leadership has chosen to move Mr. White's nomination to such a short-lived vacancy ahead of the nominees to the Southern District of California, seats that have been greatly needed for years. During the last period of Republican control of the Senate, they refused to create seats in California to address the growing crisis to that border court. As a consequence, this Federal court in San Diego has the highest caseload per judge in the Nation, by a significant margin; senior judges have been called into continued service handling a large number of cases; and one retired judge even passed away in the midst of the stressful and pressing caseload of that court. Republican neglect was part of their efforts to deny a Democratic President and any opportunity to fill those much-needed judgeships. I hope that the Republican leadership will turn to the southern California nominees it has now skipped without more delay.  Finally, I note that Mr. White is receiving far more favorable bipartisan consideration than the last Ronald White to be nominated to the U.S. District Court. Mr. White of Oklahoma is being confirmed within 4 months of his nomination, while Missouri Supreme Court Justice Ronnie White waited 28 months for a confirmation vote. Justice White, who now serves with distinction as the Chief Justice of the Missouri Supreme Court, was nominated by President Clinton to the Federal district court in June of 1997. The White House consulted at length with the home-state Senators and other officials in Missouri to find a consensus nominee and chose Justice White who was the first African American to serve on the highest court in Missouri. Senator Bond supported Justice White's confirmation and then-Senator Ashcroft advised that he would not hold his nomination.  However, the Republican chairman did not schedule a hearing for this district court nominee for almost a year. Then, after Justice White's nomination was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee, which occurred almost a year after his nomination, the Republican leader refused to schedule a vote on the nomination. Justice White's nomination languished on the floor from May 1998 until the end of that year. He was renominated by President Clinton in January 1999, and the Republican chairman refused to place his name on the calendar for a vote for 6 months. Once his nomination was reported out favorably a second time the Republican leader again delayed a vote on his nomination for about 3 months.  Then, in a surprise move following a Republican caucus meeting in October 1999, Justice White nomination was defeated with every Republican voting in lock-step against his confirmation, without warning and even though some of these Senators had previously voted to report his nomination favorably to the Senate. Senator Ashcroft maligned Justice White as ``pro-criminal,'' even though Justice White's record in criminal and death penalty cases on the Missouri Supreme Court was better than some of Senator Ashcroft's appointees to that court when he was governor. When President Bush nominated John Ashcroft to be Attorney General the outrageousness of the attack on Justice White was one of the issues we explored. Senator Specter apologized to Justice White for the way he was treated by the Senate.  Of course, more than 60 of President Clinton's other judicial nominees were never allowed a confirmation vote of any kind. Those 63 other nominations were scuttled by Republicans in the dark of night, through secret or anonymous objections. This was their preferred modus operandi. Republicans perfected the art of delay by defeat for President Clinton's circuit and district court nominees, blocked 63 while confirming 248 in the 6\1/2\ years of Senate control.  I think if is time that fair-minded Republicans acknowledge those Clinton nominees who were blocked from getting votes, nominations that constituted 20 percent of all judicial nominees in those 6 years. That record stands in stark contrast to ours, with 160 of President Bush's judicial nominees confirmed in less than 3 years, with only three blocked so far. The Senate's record on President Bush's judicial nominations is now 160 to 3. The Republican record on President Clinton's judicial nominees is 248 to 63. The facts demonstrate how effectively Republicans prevented confirmation votes on judicial nominees, behind closed doors and in secret. Democrats have voted and continue to vote on President Bush's judicial nominees in the light of day, with full discussion of the serious concerns that surround the extreme nominees of this President.  With a Republican making nominations, the Senate votes today to confirm Mr. White of Oklahoma to a seat that has been vacant for less than a week. With the delay and attack on President Clinton's nominee Justice White, Republicans were content to allow the Missouri District Court to remain vacant for 5\1/2\ years, like many other judicial vacancies that arose when a Democrat was in the White House and Republicans last controlled the confirmation process.  I ask for the yeas and nays.  