President, I have two amendments at the desk that are intended to address a critical shortage in nutrition funding for schools, food banks and soup kitchens brought about by the Bush administration's decision to pay for Federal farm disaster assistance using funds available to the Secretary of Agriculture under Section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935.  Since 1935, the so-called Section 32 program has provided the means for the Secretary of Agriculture to assist farmers and ranchers by purchasing surplus commodities, which are then used to help poor Americans by providing emergency food assistance to those in need. It creates a ``win-win'' situation allowing us to help our farmers while feeding the hungry.  Section 32 is the primary source of federal funding for purchases of food distributed to the needy through schools, state and tribal governments, food banks, soup kitchens, and other charitable institutions. Last year, USDA surplus food donations to the needy through Section 32 totaled more than $250 million. And the President's budget for 2003 called for $215 million in Section 32 surplus food donations this fiscal year.  On October 10 of last year, Senator Tom Harkin and I wrote to Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman seeking assurances that federal funding for these programs would not be diminished this fiscal year due to the Bush Administration's use of Section 32 to pay for the Livestock Compensation Program. We were concerned that this maneuver--taking some $752 million out of Section 32--would constrain the Secretary's ability to provide the needed and historic levels of funding for federal emergency food assistance programs.  The Secretary never responded to our letter, but White House and USDA officials met with hunger program advocates and assured them there would not be cuts in federal emergency food assistance. Senator Harkin and I found this quite remarkable, because it appeared evident from the beginning that the Bush Administration had over-committed its Section 32 funds. According to the President's own budget figures, it was clear that Section 32 funds would be depleted once the Livestock Compensation Program (LCP) was implemented and that was before a $185 million cost over-run was reported by USDA in early December, bringing the cost of the LCP program to $937 million.  According to the President's budget submissions and information provided by USDA, an estimated $5.9 billion in funding will be available for Section 32 during fiscal year 2003. This includes approximately $5.8 billion in new appropriations and approximately $92 million in carryover funds. Taking the original estimate of $752 million out of Section 32 to fund the Livestock Compensation Program leaves only $5.148 billion to meet the Department's other obligations under Section 32. That amount is not enough to fully-fund the child nutrition programs and meet the Department's other obligations under Section 32.  In fiscal year 2003, to meet requirements of the Richard B. Russell School Lunch Act $4.746 billion was scheduled to be transferred from Section 32 directly into the child nutrition programs' cash account and $400 million was budgeted to purchase commodities for the child nutrition programs. In addition, $75 million was budgeted to be transferred to the Commerce Department for fisheries activities; and $25 million is needed for Agriculture Marketing Service administrative expenses. These expenditures alone exceed the level of funding available in Section 32 after the LCP program is implemented, leaving no funding food banks, soup kitchens and the like.  I understand that the Administration has since shifted monies among various accounts, and was able to alleviate some of the pressure on Section 32 by tapping the Commodity Credit Corporation to pay for a portion of the commodity purchases for the School Lunch Program. This allowed USDA to come closer to balancing its books and freed up some money for emergency food assistance, but a gap still remains.  In a December 3 letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Secretary Veneman acknowledged that even after shifting funds among various accounts, USDA would be able to donate no more than $125 million worth of surplus commodities to food banks, soup kitchens, etc. this year.  That is half of last year's level and roughly $90 million less than budgeted for by the President.  It is a sad fact that this food is sorely needed. According to USDA, in 2002 more than 33.6 million Americans were food insecure--at risk of hunger. Nearly 25 million of them turned to charities that operate food banks or soup kitchens for food. Sixty-two percent of the people requesting emergency food assistance were members of families--children and their parents. Thirty-two percent of the adults requesting food assistance were employed. Of those people seeking emergency food relief, more than one-third (36 percent) had to choose between buying food or paying for housing. Many seniors have to choose between purchasing food or purchasing prescription drugs. For many Americans, wages and pensions have simply not risen enough in the last years to cover the increased cost of living, and food has become unaffordable.  These cuts couldn't have come at a worse time. With the weak economy and increased joblessness, demand for emergency food assistance is rising. A recent survey by U.S. Conference of Mayors found that during the past year requests for emergency food assistance in our nation's cities increased by an average of 17 percent-the sharpest increase in 10 years--with 83 percent of the cities registering an increase.  Now is not the time to reduce federal emergency food assistance funding. Now is the time to increase federal emergency food donations, not decrease them.  In his amendment, Senator Cochran provided an additional $250 million for surplus commodity purchases, largely addressing this year's shortfall. If these funds are fully utilized to provide emergency food assistance this fiscal year, then I would agree that at least this year's problem has been adequately addressed. However, I am concerned that the Administration might elect not to use these funds this year.  And so I ask Senator Cochran and Senator Kohl whether they will entertain a question regarding the intended use of these funds.  Is it the Senators' intention and understanding that the $250 million made available in the Cochran amendment for the Section 32 program be used to provide emergency food assistance to those in need this fiscal year?  