President, I support the FTC's authority to establish a Do Not Call Registry, I find myself in good and widespread company. Many in the Senate, like many of my constituents in Vermont, share the frustration that I have with the recent district court decision striking down the Do Not Call Registry established at the Federal Trade Commission. Apparently we in Congress need to make things a little more clear, and this is what we are doing with this legislation: We authorize the FTC to set up and operate such a registry.  Vermont has been a leader in protecting the privacy and peace of its households from unwanted telemarketing calls. Federal law currently requires individual companies to remove consumers from their calling lists if the consumers ask them to do so. There is also a national ``telephone preference service'' registry to which consumers can submit their names and which telemarketers can consult to avoid calling those who do not wish to hear from them--but industry compliance is entirely voluntary. Two years ago, Vermont enacted a law which gives consumers a private right of action against companies that continue to call after being requested to cease. Vermonters can also sue if they are called by a telemarketer after they have put their name on the national ``telephone preference service'' registry. The FTC has expressed no intention of attempting to pre-empt such state systems, and I hope that federal agencies continue to respect the efforts and institutions established at the state level. Federal agencies should not be in the business of undercutting state efforts that are pursuing these same goals.  Those goals are simple and laudable. People should be able to enjoy the peace and quiet of their own homes, undisturbed by unsolicited sales calls. Of course, some consumers welcome such calls, and they certainly should be able to receive them. But for the thousands of Vermonters, and the millions of other Americans, who do not want to receive such calls, the FTC's Do Not Call Registry is a long-awaited relief. I understand that more than 50 million households have signed up, many of them, on-line, to be included in the Do Not Call Registry, which is set to begin its operations next week. This is an astonishing number of people, and this overwhelming response to the FTC's announcement is the best possible affirmation of the need for and of the good sense of the plan.  The Do Not Call Registry should also appeal to enlightened telemarketers. They do not, of course, want to waste time and effort talking to people who do not wish to hear from them, for whatever reason. Once the registry is operational--and I hope that this bill will meet with speedy approval and make that so--telemarketers will be able to focus their resources, their time and personnel, on the households for which they provide a useful service. Consumers will be better served, the companies seeking to make sales will be better off, and telemarketers will be more effective for both their corporate clients and the potential customers they contact.  So I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill, H.R. 3161. The national Do Not Call Registry is a sensible way to protect the privacy of the American people. It deserves our support, and it deserves this effort to allow the registry to begin serving the public.  