President, I will vote in favor of the Free Trade Agreements with Chile and Singapore because the benefits of the intellectual property and anti-piracy provisions in these agreements outweigh the valid concerns that have been raised about the inclusion of immigration provisions.  At the outset, let me begin by expressing my disappointment that the administration short-circuited the proper consideration process for these implementing bills through its decision to transmit them to Congress 2 days before the Judiciary Committee's scheduled debate, and before responding to written questions from this committee's members. To be fair, the administration did eventually respond to these questions. Of course, as the responses themselves pointed out, ``the implementing bill cannot be modified after its introduction.''  The administration apparently views the Judiciary Committee simply as an obstacle to be overcome as quickly as possible, and not as a source for possible improvements to its legislative proposals. As a result of the administration's undue haste--and the Judiciary Committee's failure to begin consideration of these measures early enough to guarantee that it could have meaningful input--we were deprived of the opportunity to propose changes in the implementing legislation. Instead, we were required to conduct an up-or-down vote on final passage of these implementing bills only 2 days after their introduction.  I share the concerns expressed by Senators Feinstein, Lindsey Graham, and Sessions that the U.S. Trade Representative should not be in the business of amending domestic immigration laws, as these treaties do. The decision to include immigration provisions was not only unauthorized by Congress but also unnecessary to achieve the administration's stated goals. Congress has already created the H-1B program, which allows foreign workers with specialized skills to work in the United States. That program was established after a lengthy process of public hearings, debate, and negotiation. If the administration feels that program needs to be changed, or a new visa category created, it should have sought to do so through the ordinary legislative process.  This matter is of particular concern because these agreements are widely viewed as the template for future trade agreements, many of which are being negotiated as we speak. I hope that the administration has gotten the message from members on both sides of the aisle and both chambers that Congress does not intend to delegate its power over our immigration system to the executive branch. I for one believe that we should do more than express our concerns and hope that they are heeded. As a result, I have introduced the Congressional Responsibility for Immigration Act, a bill to prevent the use of fast-track procedures for trade agreements that include immigration provisions.  On the whole, however, I support these agreements because they recognize that intellectual property, and our response to international piracy in particular, is an integral part of any trade structure. The United States is the world's leading creator and exporter of intellectual property. That means we are also the world's leading target for piracy of copyrighted works. New technology has made piracy cheap and easy, and everything from music to films to books is susceptible to this kind of theft. At the same time, the advent of new technologies means that international distribution of copyrighted works is increasingly viable, and necessary, if the U.S. intellectual property industry is to continue to thrive.  These agreements go a long way to harmonize the intellectual property laws of Singapore and Chile with those of the United States. They make IP systems in each country more transparent, uniform and predictable. This is a significant benefit to U.S. industries that depend on transparency and predictability in order to be able to protect their rights in these countries. The agreements also call on the countries to recognize and uphold the rights of authors to control the electronic dissemination of their works, and to protect the encryption technology that safeguards such electronic dissemination. This too is important, because more and more intellectual property is being distributed electronically. If intellectual property holders cannot securely distribute their works in electronic form, a major source of revenue is lost, and American creativity is hampered.  Intellectual property is increasingly an international business, one that needs an international approach to many of its problems. Despite my concerns about the immigration provisions in these agreements, I will support their passage because they improveinternational cooperation on intellectual property issues.  