President, I am pleased that the Senate is passing S. 1301, the DeWine-Schumer-Leahy Video Voyeurism Prevention Act of 2003. This bill targets the pernicious practice of invading a person's privacy through the surreptitious use of hidden surveillance equipment. Specifically, the bill makes it a crime to capture an improper, naked or near-naked image of a person without his or her consent, and in such a way as to violate his or her privacy. Any person found guilty of video voyeurism as outlined in the bill may be fined or imprisoned for up to one year, or both.  In recent years, the explosion of micro-camera technology has fed the growing phenomenon of video voyeurism. Hidden cameras have been discovered in bedrooms, bathrooms, public showers, changing rooms, locker rooms, and tanning salons, all aimed at filming unsuspecting victims in various states of undress. Often, the invasion of privacy is exacerbated when captured images are posted on the Internet for all the world to see.  I commend Senators DeWine and Schumer for bringing this invasive practice to the attention of the Judiciary Committee, and for crafting a bill that addresses it in a thoughtful and measured manner. In addition, I thank them for addressing a concern I raised during the Committee's consideration of the bill. As introduced, the bill did not expressly prohibit ``cyber-peeping''--a particularly offensive form of video voyeurism involving the contemporaneous transmission of improper images of a non-consenting person over the Internet through Web cameras and other means. As reported by the Judiciary Committee, the ``cyber-peeping'' loophole has been closed: The bill we pass today covers the simultaneous Web casting of images or any other transmissions that may not be recorded, so that defendants who use this means of violating people's privacy cannot escape punishment.  The National Center for Victims of Crime has dubbed video voyeurism ``the new frontier of stalking.'' The States are already responding to this ``new frontier'' in many different ways. Some have passed video voyeurism laws; others have addressed the conduct within the context of their laws against stalking. The Video Voyeurism Prevention Act brings the Federal criminal laws to bear on those who commit this offense within the special maritime or territorial jurisdiction of the United States. It should be enacted without delay.  Mr. DeWINE. I ask unanimous consent that the committee substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill as amended be read the third time and passed, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any statements relating to the bill be printed in the Record.  