196, the Digital and Wireless Technology Program Act, which will provide $250 million annually for the next 5 years to address the technology needs of Historically Black Colleges and Universities, as well as colleges and universities that serve substantial numbers of Hispanic and Native American students. The ``digital divide'' has been the subject of much discussion in both the public and private sectors, and this bipartisan bill, introduced by Senators Allen and Hollings, will help to bridge that divide.  Internet access is an increasingly critical part of the educational process. The Internet provides a critical research tool, especially for students at institutions that cannot afford to offer world-class libraries and other facilities. Indeed, internet access can be a great democratizing force if we can make it universal.  Although almost all Historically Black Colleges and Universities have a campus network in place, only about half have computers available to students in their dormitories, and only 3 percent offer financial aid to students looking to buy a computer. In addition, a majority of these schools do not use high-speed connections, even when those connections are available in their areas. Additional funding for these colleges should make a difference.  The schools struggling most mightily are those that serve Native American students. Nearly 85 percent of students at tribal colleges live at or below the poverty level, so few if any students can afford their own computers. But at Dull Knife Memorial College in Montana, 240 students must share two computers with internet access. Fewer than half of the 32 tribal colleges have access to a T-1 line. There are some success stories, however, and with additional Federal assistance we can create more.  While I am concerned about the lack of internet access among minority students, I do hope that these colleges and universities will work closely with their local communities in siting wireless facilities. The 1996 Telecommunications Act regrettably cut out local communities in deciding where new towers for wireless devices are located. The new grant program created by this bill should not be used to exacerbate this problem.  This issue is not new to the Senate. Senator Cleland introduced very similar legislation in the last Congress, and his bill was reported by the Commerce committee. Regrettably, it was held up by the Republican leadership in the Senate, presumably in order to deny Senator Cleland any victory as he sought re-election. Given the dire state of many of the schools this bill seeks to help, it is quite frustrating that Senator Cleland's bill fell victim to political machinations. It is doubly unfortunate that suggestions to name this program after Senator Cleland were rebuffed by the Republican side. It would have been a fitting tribute to the Senator who brought this and many other issues to the Senate's attention.  Despite my disappointment about that issue, however, I still believe that this is a good bill that deserves every Senator's support. It will help institutions around our Nation provide the education that their students need and deserve.  