President, I am pleased that we are now turning to the nomination of Dana Makoto Sabraw for the Southern District of California. This well-qualified nominee is the product of the exemplary bipartisan commission that Senators Feinstein and Boxer have worked so hard to maintain. It is a testament to their diligence that we have such stellar nominees heading to California's Federal courts.  Judge Sabraw has served for 8 years on the State trial bench. Prior to his appointment to the bench, Judge Sabraw was a partner and associate at Baker & McKenzie in San Diego. In addition to Judge Sabraw's public service as a judge, he has also been active in his community.  As an attorney, he received Certificates of Appreciation from the Pan Asian Lawyers of San Diego for his service to the association and its community outreach programs and recognition New Entra Casa for his pro bono work. Also as a private attorney, Mr. Sabraw provided pro bono services to the Legal Aid Society of Santa Barbara Project Outreach for several years. He also founded Positive Impact Program in 1998, a program in which the court, its staff, the Bar Association of North San Diego County, the local DAs office and others partnered with the local school districts to educate fifth graders about the justice system. The program involved a class curriculum, school assembly, mock trial, tour of the courthouse, and essay contest and reached approximately 6,000 students in lower socioeconomic neighborhoods.  The Southern District of California is the busiest Federal district in the Nation. In light of their demanding caseload, the Judiciary Committee expedited consideration of nominations to the Southern District. The Judiciary Committee held hearings for Dana Makoto Sabraw and Judge Burns, also nominated to this Southern District, just before the August recess and they were unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee at our first meeting on September 4. That was 3 weeks ago. It is unfortunate that Judge Sabraw has been pending on the floor all month but I am pleased that we are voting on him today. Two more nominees to two additional vacancies recently created for the Southern District of California were voted out of the Judiciary Committee today.  Senator Feinstein also deserves much credit for working so hard to create these additional judgeships in the Department of Justice authorization we passed in 2002. These judgeships are among those we created for border districts that have a massive caseload and that needed more Federal judges. We did what the Republican majority refused to do in the years 1995 through 2000 when there was a Democratic President, namely, create additional needed judgeships for the Southern District of California. We did so under Senate Democratic leadership with a Republican President. They have been available to be filled since July 15. The expedited path of Judge Sabraw's nomination demonstrates the fact that the Senate can act expeditiously when we receive well-qualified, consensus nominations on courts that need additional judges. I regret that the nomination has languished on the Senate calendar for most of the month for no reason. This nomination will undoubtedly be confirmed without a single dissenting vote in the Senate. Democratic Senators have been ready and willing to vote at any time. The Republican leadership will have to explain to the Chief Judge in the Southern District of California and the people of southern California what took so long.  I congratulate the California Senators on their outstanding work and this nominee and his family on this confirmation.  