President, I begin by thanking the Democratic leader and assistant Democratic leader for going to bat for Judge Edward Prado. Theyapparently are now working on an arrangement, that I understand is close to being worked out with the Republican leadership, so this nomination can be considered without further delay. I appreciate the fact that the majority leader and the deputy majority leader, Senator McConnell, are going to work with us to do that.  As I have noted on the floor before, basically before the recess, and since, we had checked on our side of the aisle and knew that nobody objected to going forward with a vote on Judge Prado. In fact, I suspect most are going to vote for him. I was not quite able to figure out why there was objection on the Republican side to going forward with his nomination. So I thank the leaders for now getting together so he will be allowed to go forward.  I also thank the Congressional Hispanic Caucus for its support for this nomination, working with the Senate to go forward.  I noted on the floor on Monday that Judge Edward Prado, being nominated to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, was cleared by all of us on this side; all Democratic Senators serving on the Judiciary Committee had voted to report the nomination favorably. That is why we were concerned when it was held up on the other side.  We have worked hard to find judges who might be consensus judges, as he is. Interestingly enough, Judge Prado was originally appointed by Ronald Reagan. He is not a Democrat. He is a Republican. He considers himself a conservative Republican, but has a judicial record where he fits the test that I and many of us on both sides of the aisle certainly thought a judge should meet: When you walk into a courtroom, you should be able to look at that judge and say, Whether I am a Republican or a Democrat, rich or poor, White or Black, plaintiff or defendant, whatever, that judge is going to give me a fair hearing.  The current occupant of the chair has served as attorney general and justice of the Texas Supreme Court and he knows whereof I speak. Anyone who spends time in a court knows, looking at a judge, if they are going to get a fair shake with the judge or not. We all know there are some judges you want to avoid, other judges about whom you say, fine, I have to prove my case, but I feel I have a fair chance. I think that is the kind of judge Judge Prado will be.  When the Democrats took over the majority of the Senate in the summer of 2001, we inherited 110 judicial vacancies, primarily because during the last few years of President Clinton's term Republicans had blocked an unprecedented number of judges from going forward. But during the next 17 months, we confirmed 100 of President Bush's nominees, including some who had been rated as not qualified by the ABA, several who were divisive and controversial.  Forty new vacancies occurred during the normal course of deaths and resignations at that time. We still took the 110 vacancies we inherited and brought that down to 60, which is considerably less than what the Republicans have always referred to as being full employment.  On the Senate executive calendar, we also have the nomination of Cecilia M. Altonaga, of Florida, to be a Federal judge in Florida. She will be the first Cuban-American to be confirmed to the Federal bench--expedited at the request of Senator Graham of Florida. I might say this is another case where we are ready to go forward any time he wants. The decision has not been made to go forward yet on the Republican side of the aisle. We hope to go forward soon. We have cleared that. We have cleared her and are happy to go forward.  Mr. President, we have another nomination before us--again from the State of Texas, the State represented ably by the distinguished Presiding Officer. We have had really unprecedented debate. We are asked to reconsider the nomination of Priscilla Owen to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  We have never had a case where President resubmitted a circuit court nominee that had already been rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee for the same vacancy. Until a few weeks ago, never before had the Judiciary Committee proceeded for a second time on a nominee.  I have spoken about my concerns relating to Priscilla Owen. I have detailed some of the cases in which Judge Owen's views were sharply criticized by her colleagues on the Texas Supreme Court. I explained why I believe she should not be confirmed to the seat on the Fifth Circuit. Today I would like to talk about some more of the cases, involving a variety of legal issues, which show Priscilla Owen to be a judicial activist, willing to make law from the bench rather than follow the language and intent of the legislature.  I heard Senator Cornyn say the other day that just because you disagree with the outcome of a particular case does not give you the right to call the judge who wrote it an activist. I agree. I wish more Republicans had followed that rule when President Clinton was nominating qualified people to the Federal bench and a Republican majority was holding them up anonymously and voting against them. There are many cases before the courts of this Nation where reasonable people, reasonable lawyers and judges, could disagree on the outcome, could have a difference of opinion about interpreting a statute. There are many times when a statute is ambiguous, or a legal precedent unclear, and there is no right or wrong result. I could not agree more with the junior Senator from Texas on this fundamental point. I wish more Republicans had followed that rule when President Clinton nominated qualified people to the Federal bench and anonymous hold after anonymous hold was made on the Republican side. They were not allowed to go forward.  It is interesting when we talk about political background of judges. Vermont is allowed one seat by tradition on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. New York and Connecticut have the rest of the seats.  I went to President Clinton when there was a vacancy and recommended a sitting Federal judge in our State. He had been a Republican Deputy Attorney General--a conservative. I disagreed with some of his decisions. I disagreed with his legal reasoning. I thought he did a careful and reasoned job. I went to President Clinton knowing that there were a number of people who might be considered for that position--a number of them leading Democrats in our State. I told the President I thought this would make a good person, and it involved the nomination which he could rest easy on and not have to worry about. Shortly before he was about to make his decision, the Federal judge ruled strongly against a position of President Clinton. And when the President asked me about that, I said he could have made the ruling a week after you sent his nomination up, but that I thought he was honest. The President admired his courage, honesty and ability, and he nominated him. And this Senate voted as I recall unanimously to put him on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals where he does very, very well.  I voted on hundreds of hundreds of Republicans nominated by Republican Presidents. But just as I voted against those nominated by Democratic Presidents, I will vote against those nominated by Republican Presidents when they show that they are going to be activist judges who are not going to follow the law but rather follow the dictates of their own philosophy.  That is why I will continue to oppose Priscilla Owen. I did do as the President asked when I was chairman. I held a hearing for her. We had a very fair hearing, according to her, and actually put her on the agenda for markup on the day the President of the United States requested that she be put on. She was put over at a Republican request, but then she was voted down by the committee.  When I look at Justice Owen's record, I am not looking at the outcome of the cases in which Justice Owen ruled, and criticizing her as an activist just because I do not agree with a ruling or even a couple of rulings. I am looking at the substance of a number of her decisions, how she approached those cases and the propriety of her legal analysis. The conservative justices on the other sides of these cases, in many, many of those cases, are themselves extremely critical of her approach, her reasoning, her judging--in short, her activism. They have called her an activist, said one of her opinions was just ``inflammatory rhetoric,'' noted in other cases that shewent beyond the language of the law, ignored legislative intent, and gutted laws passed by the people's elected representatives. Like them, I disagree with Priscilla Owen's methods and activist judging.  In my last statement, I touched on some of the criticism received from the majority in the series of parental notification cases. In addition to cases dealing with parental notification, Justice Owen's activism and extremism is noteworthy in a variety of other cases, including those dealing with business interests, malpractice, access to public information, employment discrimination and Texas Supreme Court jurisdiction, in which she rules against individual plaintiffs time and time again.  In one case that is perhaps the exception that proves the rule, Justice Owen wrote a majority opinion that was bitterly criticized by the dissent for its activism. In In re City of Georgetown, 53 S.W. 3d 328, Tex. 2001, Justice Owen wrote a majority opinion finding that the city did not have to give the Austin American-Statesman a report prepared by a consulting expert in connection with pending and anticipated litigation. The dissent is extremely critical of Justice Owen's opinion, citing the Texas law's strong preference for disclosure and liberal construction. Accusing her of activism, Justice Abbott, joined by Chief Justice Phillips and Justice Baker, noted that the legislature, ``expressly identified eighteen categories of information that are `public information' and that must be disclosed upon request . . . [sec. (a)] The Legislature attempted to safeguard its policy of open records by adding subsection (b), which limits courts' encroachment on its legislatively established policy decisions.'' The dissent further protests:       But if this Court has the power to broaden by judicial rule      the categories of information that are ``confidential under      other law,'' then subsection (b) is eviscerated from the      statute. By determining what information falls outside      subsection (a)'s scope, this Court may evade the mandates of      subsection (b) and order information withheld whenever it      sees fit. This not only contradicts the spirit and language      of subsection (b), it guts it. Id.  Finally, the opinion concluded by asserting that Justice Owen's interpretation, ``abandons strict construction and rewrites the statute to eliminate subsection (b)'s restrictions.''  These examples, together with the unusually harsh language directed at Justice Owen's position by the majority in the Doe cases, show a judge out of step with the conservative Republican majority of the Texas Supreme Court, a majority not afraid to explain the danger of her activist views.  I am also greatly concerned about Justice Owen's record of ends-oriented decision making as a Justice on the Texas Supreme Court. As one reads case after case, particularly those in which she was the sole dissenter or dissented with the extreme right wing of the court, her pattern of activism becomes clear. Her legal views in so many cases involving statutory interpretation simply cannot be reconciled with the plain meaning of the statute, the legislative intent, or the majority's interpretation, leading to the conclusion that she sets out to justify some preconceived idea of what the law ought to mean. This is not an appropriate way for a judge to make decisions. This is a judge whose record reflects that she is willing and sometimes eager to make law from the bench.  Justice Owen's activism and extremism is noteworthy in a variety of cases, including those dealing with business interests, malpractice, access to public information, employment discrimination and Texas Supreme Court jurisdiction, in which she writes against individual plaintiffs time and time again, in seeming contradiction of the law as written.  One of the cases where this trend is evident is FM Properties v. City of Austin, 22 S.W. 3d 868, Tex. 1998. I asked Justice Owen about this 1998 environmental case at her hearing last July. In her dissent from a 6-3 ruling, in which Justice Alberto Gonzales was among the majority, Justice Owen showed her willingness to rule in favor of large private landowners against the clear public interest in maintaining a fair regulatory process and clean water. Her dissent, which the majority characterized as, ``nothing more than inflammatory rhetoric,'' was an attempt to favor big landowners.  In this case, the Texas Supreme Court found that a section of the Texas Water Code allowing certain private owners of large tracts of land to create ``water quality zones,'' and write their own water quality regulations and plans, violated the Texas Constitution because it improperly delegated legislative power to private entities. The Court found that the Water Code section gave the private landowners, ``legislative duties and powers, the exercise of which may adversely affect public interests, including the constitutionally-protected public interest in water quality.'' The Court also found that certain aspects of the Code and the factors surrounding its implementation weighed against the delegation of power, including the lack of meaningful government review, the lack of adequate representation of citizens affected by the private owners' actions, the breadth of the delegation, and the big landowners' obvious interest in maximizing their own profits and minimizing their own costs.  The majority offered a strong opinion, detailing its legal reasoning and explaining the dangers of offering too much legislative power to private entities. By contrast, in her dissent, Justice Owen argued that, ``[w]hile the Constitution certainly permits the Legislature to enact laws that preserve and conserve the State's natural resources, there is nothing in the Constitution that requires the Legislature to exercise that power in any particular manner,'' ignoring entirely the possibility of an unconstitutional delegation of power. Her view strongly favored large business interests to the clear detriment of the public interest, and against the persuasive legal arguments of a majority of the Court.  When I asked her about this case at her hearing in July, I found her answer perplexing. In a way that she did not argue in her written dissent, at her hearing Justice Owen attempted to cast the F.M. case not as, ``a fight between and City of Austin and big business, but in all honesty, . . . really a fight about . . . the State of Texas versus the City of Austin.'' In the written dissent however, she began by stating the, ``importance of this case to private property rights and the separation of powers between the judicial and legislative branches. . .'', and went on to decry the Court's decision as one that, ``will impair all manner of property rights.'' That is 22 S.W. 3d at 889. At the time she wrote her dissent, Justice Owen was certainly clear about property rights for corporations.  At her second hearing, I know that Chairman Hatch tried to recharacterize the F.M. Properties v. City of Austin case in an effort to make it sound innocuous, just a struggle between two jurisdictions over some unimportant regulations. I know how, through a choreography of leading questions and short answers, they tried to respond to my question from last July, which was never really answered, about why Justice Owen thought it was proper for the legislature to grant large corporate landowners the power to regulate themselves. Again, I am unconvinced. The majority in this case, which invalidated a state statute favoring corporations, does not describe the case or the issues as the chairman and the nominee have. A fair reading of the case shows no evidence of a struggle between governments. This is all an attempt at after-the-fact justification where there really is none to be found.  Justice Owen and Chairman Hatch's explanation of the case also lacked even the weakest effort at rebutting the criticism of her by the F.M. Properties majority. As I mentioned, the six justice majority said that Justice Owen's dissent was, ``nothing more than inflammatory rhetoric.'' They explained why her legal objections were mistaken, saying that no matter what the state legislature had the power to do on its own, it was simply unconstitutional to give the big landowners the power they were given.  Another case that concerned me is the case of GTE Southwest, Inc. v. Bruce, 990 S.W.2d 605, where Justice Owen wrote in favor of GTE in a lawsuit by employees for intentional infliction of emotional distress. The rest of the Court held that three employees subjected to what the majority characterized as ``constant humiliating and abusive behavior of their supervisor'' were entitled to the jury verdict intheir favor. Despite the Court's recitation of an exhaustive list of sickening behavior by the supervisor, and its clear application of Texas law to those facts, Justice Owen wrote a concurring opinion to explain her difference of opinion on the key legal issue in the case--whether the behavior in evidence met the legal standard for intentional infliction of emotional distress.  Justice Owen contended that the conduct was not, as the standard requires, ``so outrageous in character, and so extreme in degree, as to go beyond all possible bounds of decency. . .'' The majority opinion shows Justice Owen's concurrence advocating an inexplicable point of view that ignores the facts in evidence in order to reach a predetermined outcome in the corporation's favor.  At her first hearing, in answer to Senator Edwards' questions about this case, Justice Owen again gave an explanation not to be found in her written views. She told him that she agreed with the majority's holding, and wrote separately only to make sure that future litigants would not be confused and think that out of context, any one of the outrages suffered by the plaintiffs would not support a judgment. Looking again at her dissent, I do not see why, if that was what she truly intended, she did not say so in language plain enough to be understood, or why she thought it necessary to write and say it in the first place. It is a somewhat curious distinction to make--to advocate that in a tort case a judge should write a separate concurrence to explain which part of the plaintiff's case, standing alone, would not support a finding of liability. Neither her written concurrence, nor her answers in explanation after the fact, is satisfactory explanation of her position in this case.  In City of Garland v. Dallas Morning News, 22 S.W. 3d 351, Tex. 2000, Justice Owen dissented from a majority opinion and, again, it is difficult to justify her views other than as based on a desire to reach a particular outcome. The majority upheld a decision giving the newspaper access to a document outlining the reasons why the city's finance director was going to be fired. Justice Owen made two arguments: that because the document was considered a draft it was not subject to disclosure, and that the document was exempt from disclosure because it was part of policy making. Both of these exceptions were so large as to swallow the rule requiring disclosure. The majority rightly points out that if Justice Owen's views prevailed, almost any document could be labeled draft to shield it from public view. Moreover, to call a personnel decision a part of policy making is such an expansive interpretation it would leave little that would not be ``policy.''  Quantum Chemical v. Toennies, 47 S.W. 3d 473, Tex. 2001, is another troubling case where Justice Owen joined a dissent advocating an activist interpretation of a clearly written statute. In this age discrimination suit brought under the Texas civil rights statute, the relevant parts of which were modeled on Title VII of the federal Civil Rights Act, and its amendments, the appeal to the Texas Supreme Court centered on the standard of causation necessary for a finding for the plaintiff. The plaintiff argued, and the five justices in the majority agreed, that the plain meaning of the statute must be followed, and that the plaintiff could prove an unlawful employment practice by showing that discrimination was ``a motivating factor.'' The employer corporation argued, and Justices Hecht and Owen agreed, that the plain meaning could be discarded in favor of a more tortured and unnecessary reading of the statute, and that the plaintiff must show that discrimination was ``the motivating factor,'' in order to recover damages.  The portion of Title VII on which the majority relies for its interpretation was part of Congress's 1991 fix to the United States Supreme Court's opinion in the Price Waterhouse case, which held that an employer could avoid liability if the plaintiff could not show discrimination was ``the'' motivating factor. Congress's fix, in Section 107 of the Civil Rights Act of 1991, does not specify whether the motivating factor standard applies to both sorts of discrimination cases, the so-called ``mixed motive'' cases as well as the ``pretext'' cases.  The Texas majority concluded that they must rely on the plain language of the statute as amended, which could not be any clearer that under Title VII discrimination can be shown to be ``a'' motivating factor. Justice Owen joined Justice Hecht in claiming that federal case law is clear--in favor of their view--and opted for a reading of the statute that would turn it into its polar opposite, forcing plaintiffs into just the situation legislators were trying to avoid. This example of Justice Owen's desire to change the law from the bench, instead of interpret it, fits President Bush's definition of activism to a ``T.''  Justice Owen has also demonstrated her tendency toward ends-oriented decision making quite clearly in a series of dissents and concurrences in cases involving a Texas law providing for a judicial bypass of parental notification requirements for minors seeking abortions.  The most striking example is Justice Owen's expression of disagreement with the majority's decision on key legal issues in Doe 1. She strongly disagreed with the majority's holding on what a minor would have to show in order to establish that she was, as the statute requires, ``sufficiently well informed'' to make the decision on her own. While the conservative Republican majority laid out a well-reasoned test for this element of the law, based on the plain meaning of the statute and well-cited case law, Justice Owen inserted elements found in neither authority.  Specifically, Justice Owen insisted that the majority's requirement that the minor be ``aware of the emotional and psychological aspects of undergoing an abortion'' was not sufficient and that among other requirements with no basis in the law, she, ``would require . . . [that the minor] should . . . indicate to the court that she is aware of and has considered that there are philosophic, social, moral, and religious arguments that can be brought to bear when considering abortion.'' That is In re Doe 1, 19 S.W.3d 249, 256, Tex. 2000.  In her written concurrence, Justice Owen indicated, through legal citation, that support for this proposition could be found in a particular page of the Supreme Court's opinion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. However, when one looks at that portion of the Casey decision, one finds no mention of requiring a minor to acknowledge religious or moral arguments. The passage talks instead about the ability of a State to ``enact rules and regulations designed to encourage her to know that there are philosophic and social arguments of great weight that can be brought to bear.'' That is Casey at 872. Justice Owen's reliance on this portion of a United States Supreme Court opinion to rewrite Texas law was simply wrong.  As she did in answer to questions about a couple of other cases at her July hearing, Justice Owen tried to explain away this problem with an after the fact justification. She told Senator Cantwell that the reference to religion was not to be found in Casey after all, but in another U.S. Supreme Court case, H.L. v. Matheson. She explained that in, ``Matheson they talk about that for some people it raises profound moral and religious concerns, and they're talking about the desirability or the State's interest in these kinds of considerations in making an informed decision.'' But again, on reading Matheson, one sees that the only mention of religion comes in a quotation meant to explain why the parents of the minor are due notification, not about the contours of what the government may require someone to prove to show she was fully well informed. Her reliance on Matheson for her proposed rewrite of the law is just as faulty as her reliance on Casey. Neither one supports her reading of the law. She simply tries a little bit of legal smoke and mirrors to make it appear as if they did. This is the sort of ends-oriented decision making that destroys the belief of a citizen in a fair legal system. And most troubling of all was her indicating to Senator Feinstein that she still views her dissents in the Doe cases as the proper reading and construction of the Texas statute.  I have read her written answers to questions from Senators after her second hearing, many newly formulated, that attempt to explain away her very disturbing opinions in the Texas parental notification cases. Her record is still her record, and the record is clear.She still does not satisfactorily explain why she infuses the words of the Texas legislature with so much more meaning than she can be sure they intended. She adequately describes the precedents of the Supreme Court of the United States, to be sure, but she simply does not justify the leaps in logic and plain meaning she attempted in those decisions.  As I have mentioned with regard to some specific cases, Justice Owen's responses at her second hearing failed to alleviate these serious concerns nor did Senator Hatch's ``testimony'' at her second hearing, where he attempted to explain away cases about which I had expressed concern.  The few explanations offered for the many other examples of the times her Republican colleagues criticized her were unavailing. The tortured reading of Justice Gonzales' remarks in the Doe case were unconvincing. He clearly said that to construe the law in the way that Justice Owen's dissent construed the law would be activism. Any other interpretation is just not credible.  Or why in Montgomery Independent School District v. Davis, the majority criticized her for her disregard for legislative language, saying that, ``the dissenting opinion misconceives the hearing examiner's role in the . . . process,'' which it said stemmed from ``its disregard of the procedural elements the Legislature established . . . to ensure that the hearing-examiner process is fair and efficient for both teachers and school boards.'' Or why, in Collins v. Ison-Newsome, a dissent joined by Justice Owen was so roundly criticized by the Republican majority, which said the dissent agrees with one proposition but then ``argues for the exact opposite proposition . . . [defying] the Legislature's clear and express limits on our jurisdiction.''  I have said it before, but I am forced to say it again. These examples, together with the unusually harsh language directed at Justice Owen's position by the majority in the Doe cases, show a judge out of step with the conservative Republican majority of the Texas Supreme Court, a majority not afraid to explain the danger of her activist views. No good explanation was offered for these critical statements last year, and no good explanation was offered two weeks ago. Politically motivated rationalizations do not negate the plain language used to describe her activism at the time.  I would like to explain again that Justice Owen has been nominated to fill a vacancy that has existed since January, 1997. In the intervening 5 years, President Clinton nominated Judge Jorge Rangel, a distinguished Hispanic attorney from Corpus Christi, to fill that vacancy. Despite his qualifications, and his rating of well qualified by the ABA, Judge Rangel never received a hearing from the committee, and his nomination was returned to the President without Senate action at the end of 1998, after a fruitless wait of 15 months.  On September 16, 1999, President Clinton nominated Enrique Moreno, another outstanding Hispanic attorney, to fill that same vacancy. This Harvard educated attorney, who received a unanimous well qualified from the ABA, did not receive a hearing on his nomination either--for more than 17 months. President Bush withdrew the nomination of Enrique Moreno to the Fifth Circuit and later sent Justice Owen's name in its place. It was not until May of last year, at a hearing chaired by Senator Schumer, that the Judiciary Committee heard from any of President Clinton's three unsuccessful nominees to the 5th Circuit. Last May, Mr. Moreno and Mr. Rangel testified along with a number of other Clinton nominees about their treatment by the Republican majority. Thus, Justice Owen was the third nominee to this vacancy but the first to be accorded a hearing before the committee.  In fact, when the committee held its hearing on the nomination of Judge Edith Clement to the Fifth Circuit in 2001, it was the first hearing on a Fifth Circuit nominee in seven years. By contrast, Justice Owen was the third nomination to the Fifth Circuit on which the Judiciary Committee, under my chairmanship, held a hearing in less than one year. In spite of the treatment by the former Republican majority of so many moderate judicial nominees of the previous President, we proceeded last July with a hearing on Justice Owen and, for that matter, with hearings for Judge Charles Pickering. We proceeded with committee debate and votes on all three of President Bush's Fifth Circuit nominees despite the treatment of President Clinton's nominees by the Republican majority.  President Bush has said on several occasions that his standard for judging judicial nominees would be that they ``share a commitment to follow and apply the law, not to make law from the bench.'' Priscilla Owen's record, as I have described it today, and as we described it a few weeks ago in committee and last September, does not qualify her for a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench.  As I have demonstrated many times, I am ready to consent to the confirmation of consensus, mainstream judges, and I have on hundreds of occasions. But the President has resent the Senate a nominee who raises serious and significant concerns. I oppose this nomination.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  