President, today, we vote to confirm two district court nominees, United States Magistrate Judge Glen Allen Conrad and South Carolina Judge Henry Floyd. Unfortunately, we are still needlessly awaiting a vote on the judicial nominees from California, for the emergency vacancies in the Southern District, the busiest court in the country.  With today's confirmations, the Senate will now have confirmed 153 judicial nominees for this President. As I mentioned last week, this pace of confirmation stands in stark contrast to what occurred with judicial nominees during the Clinton Administration. It was not until well into the fourth year of President Clinton's second term, when Republicans controlled the Senate, before this many judicial nominees were confirmed. It took President Reagan, during his first term, almost to the end of his fourth year to get this many judicial nominees confirmed, and that was with a Senate that was controlled by the same party. It also took President George H.W. Bush well into his fourth year to get this many of his judicial nominees confirmed.  In contrast, today, with the shifts in Senate control, it has effectively taken a little more than 2 years of rapid Senate action to confirm 153 judicial nominees for this President, including 100 during Democratic control. This year alone the Senate has confirmed 53 judicial nominees, including 11 circuit court nominees in 2003. That is more confirmations in just 9 months than Republicans allowed for President Clinton in 1996, 1995, 1999, or 2000. Overall, we have confirmed 28 circuit court nominees of President Bush since July of 2001, which is more than were confirmed at this time in the third year of President Reagan's first term, President George H.W. Bush's term, or either of President Clinton's terms.  The records of these two judicial nominees stands in contrast to the record of many of this President's judicial nominees, particularly for circuit court positions. Both Judge Conrad and Judge Floyd have significant judicial experience, with Judge Conrad serving as a Magistrate Judge for more than a quarter of a century. Far too many of this President's judicial nominees have limited legal experience and no judicial experience but significant partisan experience.  I note that there are now more George W. Bush appointees on the bench than there are active George Herbert Walker Bush appointees. The President's father served 4 full years. This President has served less than 3.  With these confirmations, there are no more vacancies in the district court in Virginia, as Judge Conrad joins Judge Hudson, who we confirmed last year to the district court in Virginia. Judge Floyd will join Judge Terry Wooten on the district court in South Carolina. Judge Floyd's confirmation will fill the vacancy created by the elevation of the controversial Judge Dennis Shedd last year. I congratulate Judge Conrad and Judge Floyd and their families.  