President, I have listened with interest as my friend from Utah has made arguments against the Democrats using the old thing of the straw man debate. I have heard a lot of arguments the Senator from Utah says we make against Mr. Estrada, but I have not heard them from us. I did hear some interesting things. He has expressed his support for Judge Richard Paez. After blocking it for several years, the Senator from Utah did vote for him. I commend him for that. It is interesting, however, that he does not speak of the strong opposition to Judge Paez by the Republicans. A very large number of their votes were against him, and the fact that he was blocked by the Republicans year after year after year, while the nominee was here, that, the Senator from Utah suggests, is legitimate; whereas there seems to be a strong suggestion that if Democrats were to talk only a few days about Mr. Estrada, and some may even vote against him, that is not legitimate.  I also note that it is easy to accept the arguments if you don't put all the facts forth. For example, the charge of the distinguished Senator from Utah--take one judge, Sonia Sotomayor of the Second Circuit. He puts her down as a Clinton circuit judge with no prior judicial experience. In fact, she did have prior judicial experience. She had been appointed originally by the first President Bush as a Federal court judge.  In an example, when time and time and time again President Clinton nominated people for the court of appeals and other judicial nominees who had been appointed by Republican Presidents--something we have never seen in this administration and probably won't--but I know of at least three members of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals who were appointed by Republican Presidents versus district court judges, two by President Bush, one by President Reagan. All were then elevated to the court of appeals by President Clinton.  Judge Sotomayor, of course, was held up by Republicans for a considerable period of time, even though she had originally been appointed to be a Federal judge by President Bush, contrary to what the chart of my friends, the Republicans, says. It is in absolute contradiction to what they said. She was blocked for a very long time by Republicans, and when she finally was able to get a vote, 29 voted against her.  Let's be honest about what happened. Judge Sotomayor, a superb judge, was appointed first by a Republican to the district court bench, not, as my friends say, someone with no experience, and President Clinton nominated her to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. She was blocked initially by the Republicans, and they finally allowed it through, but 29 voted against her.  With Judge Paez, 39 voted against him. In fact--this is an interesting fact on Judge Paez. I wonder if everybody is aware of the fact that initially Republicans filibustered a motion to proceed to his appointment to the Circuit Court of Appeals. I heard mention somewhere that this never happened, that there were not any kind of delaying tactics on district court or Circuit Court of Appeals nominees, but on a motion to proceed, something Democrats did not block in any way with Judge Estrada, Republicans did. Fifty-three of them voted against that motion. I am surprised the Senator from Utah does not remember that fact because he is one of the 53 who voted against proceeding to bring up Judge Paez. I say this just to make sure we have accuracy in our debate.  Debate on this nomination began last week on Wednesday, within seconds of the Senate adopting S. Res. 45, to honor the Space Shuttle Columbia astronauts, and after we observed a moment of silence. Many of us were not on the floor Thursday because we were attending a memorial for the space shuttle astronauts at the National Cathedral.  I thank those who did participate in the debate last week. I commend to the Senate and to the American people the remarks of Senator Reid, Senator Kennedy, and Senator Schumer, each of whom added important dimensions and perspectives to this debate.  I also wish to take a personal moment to commend the senior Senator from Nevada, Harry Reid. While he is not a member of the Judiciary Committee, he spoke so eloquently on this subject and was able to carry on the debate while others of us, as I said, had to be at the very sorrowful memorial service for our astronauts.  I had hoped that at some point in the last 2 years or so we would have seen an effort on the part of the President and others to seek to unite rather than divide. Instead, we see a continuation of dividing the American people, as deeply as we have seen the 19 members of the Judiciary Committee divided. Many of us would like to know the record, would like to have a strong confidence in the type of judge Mr. Estrada will be, and be able to vote in favor of this nomination.  Since I have been in the Senate, I have voted on hundreds of nominees--Republican nominees--to the Federal judiciary. I suspect I have voted for more Republican nominees to the Federal judiciary than most of my friends on the other side of the aisle have voted for Democratic nominees. I do not need any lectures on how we should be bipartisan. In fact, when I was chairman, we were able to get 100 nominations through the committee and to the floor, any one of which of President Bush's nominees could have been stopped simply by not bringing the person up for a vote. We got through 100. Whether I agreed with or was against the person, I felt that at least we had a record so we knew what this person thought. We are being asked, after all, to uphold our oath of office and vote to confirm somebody to a lifetime position. 