President, we can all celebrate the collapse of Saddam Hussein's brutal, corrupt regime. While much remains to be done to rebuild Iraq and reassure the Arab world that the United States is a liberator, not a conqueror, and that we have no intention of imposing our will on the Iraqi people, the demise of such a tyrant should be universally welcomed.  As we reflect on the past 3 weeks of war, we should above all pay tribute to the extraordinary courage and professionalism of our Armed Forces. They conducted themselves in ways that should make all of us proud.  We should also make note of the vast arsenal of modern weapons which enabled them to prevail. These weapons have devastated Iraqi troops, armor, and military infrastructure.  We have seen on television how effective our precision-guided missiles and bombs are, and we can only imagine how many civilian casualties were avoided because of their accuracy. It is partly because we have such increasingly accurate weapons that I want to discuss an issue that concerns me, and that is the use of cluster bombs by our forces in Iraq.  Cluster bombs, otherwise known as ``submunitions'' or ``bomblets,'' are strewn by aircraft or artillery over a wide area. They can be as small as a baseball. They are designed to detonate on impact and scatter deadly shrapnel in every direction. However, on average some 2-20 percent do not explode on impact. Instead, they remain on the surface of the ground, often hidden by sand or vegetation, where they lie in wait for some unsuspecting child, farmer, or other innocent person. They also pose a grave danger to U.S. forces in the area.  The United States military dropped millions of cluster bombs on Laos during the Vietnam war. Today, over 30 years later, they continue to maim and kill innocent people. The cost of removing these tiny, lethal weapons is prohibitive for an impoverished country like Laos. The United States Agency for International Development, through the Leahy War Victims Fund, is aiding some of the severely disabled victims of these indiscriminate weapons.  More recently, the United States has used cluster bombs in several countries, including Kosovo, Afghanistan, Iraq during the first gulf war, and, according to reports, again in Operation Iraqi Freedom.  In the first gulf war, U.S. planes dropped more than 24 million submunitions on Iraq, leaving roughly 1.2 million duds which resulted in over 1,600 Kuwaiti and Iraqi civilian deaths and an additional 2,500 injured following the war. The cost of clearing these duds and other unexploded ordnance was in the hundreds of millions of dollars.  In 1995 in Bosnia, U.S. military officers reportedly banned the use of cluster bombs because they were seen to present an unacceptable risk to civilians. However, 3 years later, during the NATO air campaign in Yugoslavia, U.S., British and Dutch military aircraft dropped more than 295,000 submunitions. The U.N. Mine Action Coordination Center estimated that more than 20,000 live bomblets remained after the war, and the International Committee of the Red Cross reported that in the year following the war there were 151 reported casualties due to cluster bombs.  The U.S. Air Force has used cluster bombs in Afghanistan, where, predictably, they have caused the deaths of innocent civilians. Additionally, the appearance of the yellow bomblets bore aremarkable similarity to food aid parcels being airdropped. Civilians searching for food instead have found a hidden death. Also, the bright yellow of the bomblets attracted children, who thought it might be a toy. I read recently that this same problem has occurred in Iraq.  According to Human Rights Watch, television images and reports from journalists embedded with the U.S. military indicate that U.S. forces are using artillery projectiles and rockets containing large numbers of cluster munitions of a type which, according to a Department of Defense report, have a failure rate of 16 percent. This could result in hundreds or thousands of dangerous duds.  In addition, The Washington Post reported on March 29 that U.S. forces fired 18 Army Tactical Missile Systems against suspected air defense sites in support of a helicopter attack by units of the 101st Airborne Division on March 28. The payload of an ATACMS is 300 or 950 submunitions with a reported failure rate of 2 percent.  There is also apparently video footage of U.S. Marine artillery units supporting the 3rd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion using 155 millimeter artillery firing projectiles at Iraqi positions. A reporter described ``hundreds of grenades'' being fired at the Iraqis. These were apparently a type of submunition which have a 14 percent dud rate.  Submunitions that fail to detonate upon impact become de facto landmines. I have long opposed the use of landmines, and while cluster bombs differ from landmines in that the former are designed to explode on impact, I have urged the Department of Defense to only use cluster bombs that contain reliable self-destruct fuses. Modern self-destruct fuses, which cost only $8-10 each, could reduce the number of duds and the number of innocent casualties by more than 97 percent. Yet, the cluster bombs used by U.S. forces in Iraq do not, to my knowledge, include this available technology. Innocent people, whether Iraqis or Americans, should not die on account of a mere ten dollars.  I have also urged the Pentagon to adopt rules of engagement to prevent the use of cluster bombs in heavily populated areas. These weapons, which are designed to detonate over a wide area, are not accurate enough to prevent widespread death and injury to noncombatants.  I also want to speak about the use of landmines by Iraqi forces. As I mentioned, I oppose the use of landmines--specifically, landmines that do not have a man in the loop. According to Human Rights Watch and press reports, Iraqi soldiers and paramilitaries have strewn antipersonnel mines widely. They even stored mines inside a mosque in a town in northern Iraq, and placed them around the mosque. This is a war crime.  Iraq is not among the 132 countries that are party to the 1997 Ottawa Convention that outlaws any use, production, stockpiling or trade in antipersonnel mines. Neither is the United States. However, landmines that do not have a man in the loop which can distinguish between an enemy soldier and an innocent civilian are outmoded, inhumane weapons. They should be universally condemned.  Even before this latest conflict, Iraq was a heavily mined country. It is littered with mines from the Iraq-Iran war and from decades of internal fighting. Landmines were used in the first Gulf war by Iraq, as well as by U.S. forces. I am very pleased that U.S. forces apparently have not used landmines in Operation Iraqi Freedom. The fact that even without landmines our soldiers were able to destroy the Iraqi army in a matter of weeks is the latest evidence that landmines without a man in the loop should have no future in U.S. war fighting plans.  Landmines continue to take their toll. In the past 3 weeks, a cameraman working for the BBC was killed in Iraq when he stepped on a mine, and at least three U.S. marines have been injured by mines in separate incidents. It is a virtual certainty that innocent people will continue to be maimed and killed by mines in Iraq long after the fighting stops.  Saddam Hussein's army had a long history of atrocities against the Iraqi people, as well as against Iraq's neighbors. Its use of landmines is but another example of its utter disregard for innocent life.  