President, for some reason the Republican leadership is forcing what may be the fifth vote on a cloture motion on this divisive and controversial nomination.  I mention that because none of these cloture motions would have been needed if the administration had simply cooperated with the Senate as did prior administrations, Democratic and Republican. I have been here with six different administrations. The previous five always, no matter who was President, no matter who was in the majority in the Senate, always showed cooperation on judicial nominations as, I believe, has every President in the last century. Not this one.  I mention that because we are having this vote yet nothing has changed since the last cloture vote. No effort has been forthcoming by the administration to accommodate Senators' requests for access to the executive branch documents requested last May, almost a year ago. Everybody says Mr. Estrada is perfectly willing to come up and answer Senators' questions but not to answer the only questions the Senators really want to ask him.  Remember, this man was appointed based on what the administration knows of his writings while employed in the government. They have access to these writings. They say, in effect: Trust us. I am a strong supporter of Ronald Reagan's position: Trust but verify. I would like him to verify what was in these writings. We have not had access to them. If we did, we wouldn't be needing all these cloture votes.  Since the beginning of this year, despite the fixation on the President's most controversial nominations, we have worked hard to reduce judicial vacancies even further. As of today, the number of judicial vacancies is 49. That is the lowest it has been in many years. That is lower than at any time during the entire 8 years of the Clinton administration. We have already reduced judicial vacancies from 110, when I became chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, to 49. We did this in less than 2 years. We have reduced the vacancy rate from 12.8 percent to 5.7 percent, the lowest it has been in a decade. If we could get even a modicum of cooperation from the administration, think of the additional progress we could be making.  The Nation's unemployment rate rose last month to 6 percent, but the vacancy rate in the Federal judiciary dipped to 5.7 percent. While the number of private sector jobs lost since the beginning of this administration is 2.7 million, and while almost 9 million Americans are now out of work, and unemployment has risen by more than 45 percent during this administration, Democrats in the Senate have cooperated, moving forward to confirm 121 of the President's judicial nominees to reduce judicial vacancies to the lowest level in more than a decade and to reduce Federal judicial vacancies by more than 60 percent.  Apparently, the majority in the Senate remains obsessed in seeking to force through the most divisive of this President's controversial, ideologically chosen nominees. While they have pushed the Nation's unemployment rate up to 6 percent, they have focused their energies on dropping the vacancy rate of the Federal judiciary to below that.  I think it is unfortunate that the White House and some of my friends on the other side of the aisle have insisted on this confrontation rather than working with us to provide the needed information so we could proceed on the Estrada nomination. Some seem to prefer political game playing, seeking to pack the courts with ideologues and leveling baseless charges of bigotry at those who may disagree with them, rather than working with us on this nomination by providing information and proceeding to a fair vote.  We have spent day after day on this nomination that will not go any further until the nominee is given permission to provide answers to us regarding the same questions that were obviously asked by the administration. What was it he wrote that made the administration want to appoint him to the second highest court in the land?  On one level, I admire their efforts to get this high-paying lifetime job for this nominee. Maybe they should talk about the 9 million Americans who do not have any lifetime job, who now don't have any job; or the 2.7 million Americans who have lost their jobs since this administration came into office. Maybe we should be debating that. Maybe we should be working to put them back to work. Apparently, the administration believes it is more important to have this one job.  In that regard, just as any employer would want to know why they should hire a particular person, we in the Senate have a right to ask what is it in this man's record that made the administration want to appoint him to the second highest court in the land. But they don't want us to see what it was on which they based their decision. Maybe they believe the Senate is irrelevant.  That is not the way I read the advise and consent clause. Let us see what brought them to their conclusion, and then let us go forward. Let's actually take those steps that would unite us rather than divide us, and then maybe the administration will be able to turn to the lives of the millions upon millions of Americans who are out of work--the highest unemployment rate in a decade.  To reiterate, today the Republican leadership in the Senate is forcing what may be the fifth vote on a cloture motion on this divisive and controversial nomination. None of these motions would have been needed if the administration had cooperated with the Senate as have prior administrations, Democratic and Republican. Nothing has changed from the last cloture vote. No effort has been forthcoming by the administration to accommodate Senators' requests for access to the executive branch documents requested last May, almost 1 year ago. The White House continues to obstruct any progress toward resolving this matterby its unprecedented refusal to turn over documents requested to determine whether or not Miguel Estrada should sit on the second highest court in the land, for life. Mr. Estrada's nomination is apparently being sacrificed by the administration for its own partisan, political purposes.  I do want to thank the Democratic leadership in the Senate for working with us and helping press for a vote on the nomination of Judge Edward Prado to the Fifth Circuit last week. We had been seeking that vote for several weeks, since his nomination was favorably reported with the support of every Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee. Last Thursday, the Republican leadership at last agreed to schedule that nomination for Senate consideration. Judge Prado's nomination was confirmed 97 to zero. This nomination is another example of how quickly the Senate is able to proceed on consensus, mainstream nominees. Judge Prado has 19 years of experience as a U.S. District Court judge. Our review of his actions on the bench showed him to have a solid record of fairness and evenhandedness. No supervisor or colleague of Judge Prado has questioned his willingness to interpret the law fairly. Judge Prado enjoyed the full support of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund. Not a single person or organization submitted a letter of opposition or raised concerns about Judge Prado.  Judge Prado is now the second nominee of this President to be confirmed by the Senate to the Fifth Circuit after years during which President Clinton's nominees were denied hearings and consideration by a Republican Senate majority. Although Republicans had refused to proceed on three of President Clinton's nominees to that court--two from Texas and one from Louisiana--during his entire second term, Democrats proceeded with hearings and committee votes on all three of President Bush's nominees. Judge Prado is the fourth nominee of this administration to receive a hearing and consideration.  Still stalled on the Senate Executive Calendar is the nomination of Judge Cecilia Altonaga to be a Federal judge in Florida. Senator Graham requested that the Judiciary Committee expedite the consideration of her nomination, and we did. All Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee supported this nomination. She will be the first Cuban-American woman to be confirmed to the Federal bench, whenever the Republican majority is willing to proceed on her nomination. In my view, the Senate's time would be better spent this evening voting on this nomination than another unsuccessful cloture vote on the Estrada nomination. Unfortunately, that is not how the Republican leadership has chosen to proceed.  The administration remains intent on packing the Federal circuit courts and on insisting that the Senate rubberstamp its nominees without fulfilling this body's constitutional advise and consent role in this most important process. The White House could have long ago helped solve the impasse on the Estrada nomination by honoring the Senate's role in the appointment process and providing the Senate with access to Mr. Estrada's legal work. Past administrations have provided such legal memoranda in connection with the nominations of Robert Bork, William Rehnquist, Brad Reynolds, Stephen Trott and Ben Civiletti, and even this administration did so with a nominee to the Environmental Protection Agency. In my statement in connection with an earlier cloture petition, I outlined additional precedent for sharing the requested materials with the Senate, as did Senator Kennedy. I am disappointed that the White House refuses to end this problem and, instead, continues to politicize the process.  We understand that the President's nominees will be Republicans. We understand they will be conservative. We understand that they will have positions with which we disagree. I have voted for hundreds of nominees who were conservative Republicans.  In just the last 2 years, 121 of the President's judicial nominees have been confirmed. One hundred of those confirmations came during the 17 months of Democratic leadership of the Senate. No fair-minded observer could term that obstructionism. By contrast, during the 6\1/2\ years during which Republicans controlled the Senate and President Clinton's nominations were being considered, they averaged only 38 confirmations a year. During the last two years of the Clinton administration, the Senate confirmed only 73 Federal judges--the Senate confirmed 72 judges nominated by President Bush last year alone. Combining the 1996 and 1997 sessions, Republicans in the Senate allowed only 53 judges to be confirmed in 2 years, including only seven new judges to the Circuit Courts.  It is a shame that the White House refuses to work together with us to do even more to help the Federal judiciary. This week, we have already had a debate and vote on yet another controversial circuit court nominee, Deborah Cook, for the Sixth Circuit, and now a cloture vote on the nomination of Miguel Estrada.  The fact is that when Democrats became the Senate majority in the summer of 2001, when we inherited 110 judicial vacancies, there was a dire need to fill judicial vacancies. Over the next 17 months, despite constant criticism from the administration, the Senate proceeded to confirm 100 of President Bush's nominees, including several who were divisive and controversial, several who had mixed peer review ratings from the ABA, and at least one who had been rated not qualified. Despite the additional 40 vacancies that arose, we reduced judicial vacancies to 60, a level below that termed ``full employment'' by Senator Hatch. Since the beginning of this year, in spite of the fixation of the Republican majority on the President's most controversial nominations, we have worked hard to reduce judicial vacancies even further. As of today, the number of judicial vacancies is at 49. That is the lowest it has been in 7 years. That is lower than at any time during the entire 8 years of the Clinton administration. We have already reduced judicial vacancies from 110 to 49, in less than 2 years. We have reduced the vacancy rate from 12.8 percent to 5.7 percent, the lowest it has been in a decade. With some cooperation from this administration, think of the additional progress we could be making.  While the Nation's unemployment rate rose last month to 6 percent, the vacancy rate on the Federal judiciary dipped to 5.7 percent. While the number of private sector jobs lost since the beginning of the Bush administration is 2.7 million, almost 9 million Americans are now out of work, and unemployment has risen by more than 45 percent, Democrats in the Senate have cooperated in moving forward to confirm 121 of this President's judicial nominees, to reduce judicial vacancies to the lowest level in more than a decade, and to reduce Federal judicial vacancies by almost 60 percent. Yet the Republican-led Senate remains obsessed with seeking to force through the most divisive of this President's controversial, ideologically-chosen nominees.  It is unfortunate that the White House and some Republicans have insisted on this confrontation rather than working with us to provide the needed information so that we could proceed on the Estrada nomination. Some on the Republican side seem to prefer political game playing, seeking to pack our courts with ideologues and leveling baseless charges of bigotry, rather than to work with us to resolve the impasse over this nomination by providing information and proceeding to a fair vote.  I was disappointed that Senator Bennett's straightforward colloquy with Senator Reid and me on February 14, which pointed to a solution, was never allowed by hard-liners on the other side to yield results. I am disappointed that all my efforts and those of Senator Daschle and Senator Reid have been rejected by the White House. The letter that Senator Daschle sent to the President on February 11 pointed the way to resolving this matter reasonably and fairly. Republicans would apparently rather engage in partisan politics.  Republican talking points will undoubtedly claim that this is ``unprecedented.'' They will ignore their own recent filibusters against President Clinton's executive and judicial nominees in so doing. The only thing unprecedented about this matter is that the administration and Republican leadership have shown no willingness to bereasonable and accommodate Democratic Senators' request for information traditionally shared with the Senate by past administrations. That this is the fifth cloture vote on this matter is an indictment of Republican intransigence on this matter, nothing more. What is unprecedented is that there has been no effort on the Republican side to work this matter out as these matters have always been worked out in the past. What is unprecedented is the Republican insistence to schedule cloture vote after cloture vote without first resolving the underlying problem caused by the administration's inflexibility.  I urge the White House and Senate Republicans to end the political warfare and join with us in good faith to make sure the information that is needed to review this nomination is provided so that the Senate may conclude its consideration of this nomination. I urge the White House, as I have for more than 2 years, to work with us and, quoting from today's New York Times editorial:       The answer is not to try to twist the rules or demonize      Democrats. It is for the White House to consult with the      Senate and agree on nominees that senators from both parties      can in good conscience confirm.  The President promised to be a uniter not a divider, but he has continued to send us judicial nominees that divide our nation and, in this case, he has even managed to divide Hispanics across the country. The nomination and confirmation process begins with the President, and I urge him to work with us to find a way forward to unite, instead of divide, the Nation as well as the Senate on these issues.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  