President, I am happy that the Senate is passing S. Res. 75, a resolution that would designate May 15, 2003, as National Peace Officers Memorial Day. Senator Campbell and I introduced this resolution to keep alive in the memory of all Americans the sacrifice and commitment of those law enforcement officers who lost their lives serving their communities. We are joined by 20 cosponsors, including Judiciary Committee Chairman Hatch, and Judiciary Committee members Biden, Durbin, Schumer and Kohl.  I commend Senator Campbell for his leadership in this issue. As a former deputy sheriff, he has experienced first-hand the risks faced by law enforcement officers every day while they protect our communities. I also want to thank each of our nation's brave law enforcement officers for the jobs they do. They are real-life heroes, too many of whom often give the ultimate sacrifice, and they remind us of how important it is to support our state and local police.  Currently, more than 850,000 men and women who serve this Nation as our guardians of law and order do so at a great risk. Each year, 1 in 15 officers is assaulted, 1 in 46 officers is injured, and 1 in 5,255 officers is killed in the line of duty somewhere in America every other day. After the hijacked planes hit the World Trade Center in New York City on September 11, 72 peace officers died while trying to ensure that their fellow citizens in those buildings got to safety. That act of terrorism resulted in the highest numberof peace officers ever killed in a single incident in the history of this country.  In 2002, over 152 law enforcement officers died while serving in the line of duty, well below the decade-long average of 165 deaths annually, and a major drop from 2001 when a total of 237 officers were killed. A number of factors contributed to this reduction including better equipment and the increased use of bullet-resistant vests, improved training, longer prison terms for violent offenders, and advanced emergency medical care. And, in total, more than 16,700 men and women have made the ultimate sacrifice.  National Peace Officers Memorial Day will provide the people of the United States with the opportunity to honor that extraordinary service and sacrifice. More than 15,000 peace officers are expected to gather in Washington to join with the families of their fallen comrades who, by their last full measure of devotion to their responsibilities and the right and security of their fellow citizens, have rendered a dedicated service to our nation. I look forward to passage of this important resolution, a fitting tribute for this special and solemn occasion.  Mr. McCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any statement related to this matter be printed in the Record.  