President, I compliment the Republican leadership for finally agreeing to move to the nomination of Roger Titus, who has been cleared on this side for some time.  The nominee has won universal acclaim as a member of the Maryland bar. In fact, it was suggested that he was going to be nominated to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. It would have been a consensus where both Republicans and Democrats would have agreed. I wish the administration had done that. Instead, they have moved him to fill this seat. It is not a confrontational one for the circuit. In any event, he should be supported. He will make the 168th judicial nominee of President Bush's to be confirmed, which sets an all-time record for this time in a President's term in office, surpassing even that of President Reagan, when we had a Republican majority.  Mr. Titus has been an active litigator in Maryland for over 37 years, and has litigated hundreds of cases, both civil and criminal. He has been a partner at the Venable law firm and is a former president of the Maryland Bar Association. He has also served as an adjunct professor at the Georgetown University Law Center. Mr. Titus earned a unanimous ``well-qualified'' rating from the ABA, and an AV rating from Martindale-Hubbell.  In 2001, Mr. Titus was honored with The Baltimore Daily Record's first Leadership in the Law Award, which recognizes members of the legal community for their devotion to the betterment of the profession and their communities. In 1999, Mr. Titus received the Century of Service Award from the Montgomery County Bar Association for his outstanding contributions to the legal profession and community during the 20th century.  According to an article in The Baltimore Sun, Mr. Titus was apparently in the running to be nominated for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. In light of his stellar qualifications, deep roots in his legal community and ability to garner the bipartisan support of his elected officials he would have been a consensus choice for this important appellate seat. It is unfortunate that the President felt the need to nominate someone without any local ties to that Maryland vacancy.  There are reportedly 30,000 practicing attorneys in the State of Maryland. Instead of nominating a well-qualified Marylander like Mr. Titus to Judge Murnahan's vacant seat on the Fourth Circuit, the President selected a younger, more controversial nominee with very little litigation experience. Not surprisingly, that nominee, Claude Allen, received a partial ``not qualified'' rating by the American Bar Association and his selection for this prestigious lifetime appointment has garnered a significant amount of opposition from concerned citizens groups.  It is regrettable that this President has again chosen the course of confrontation and conflict for his appellate court nominations. Mr. Titus, with his many years of litigation experience and his well-deserved reputation as a leader among lawyers in Maryland, is the type of person who should have been chosen for Judge Murnahan's vacant seat on the Fourth Circuit. His nomination stands in sharp contrast to the inexperienced and divisive candidates chosen by the White House for too many appellate judgeships in what appear to be an effort to pack the court with ideological nominees and tilt these courts.  There is no doubt that Mr. Titus is a Republican, yet he has the support of both of his home-State Senators and has earned the unanimous support of the Members of the Judiciary Committee. I am happy to support his nomination today and I congratulate Mr. Titus and his family on his confirmation. I commend Senators Sarbanes and Mikulski for their efforts to identify outstanding Maryland lawyers to maintain the high standards of the Federal bench in Maryland.  In less than 3 years' time, President George W. Bush exceeded the number of judicial nominees confirmed for President Reagan in all 4 years of his first term in office. Senate Democrats have cooperated so that this President already surpassed the record of the President Republicans acknowledge to be the ``all time champ'' at appointing Federal judges. Since July, 2001, despite the fact that the Senate majority has shifted twice, with today's vote, a total of 168 judicial nominations have been confirmed, including 29 circuit court appointments. One hundred judges were confirmed in the 17 months of the Democratic Senate majority and with Mr. Titus' nomination we will have confirmed 68 during the comparative time of the Republican majority.  One would think that the White House and the Republicans in the Senate would be heralding this landmark. One would think they would be congratulating themselves for putting more lifetime appointed judges on the Federal bench than President Reagan did in his entire first term and doing it in three-quarters the time. But Republicans have a different partisan message and this truth is not consistent with their efforts to mislead the American people into thinking that Democrats have obstructed judicial nominations. That is why the President chose to criticize the Senate from the Rose Garden again last week rather than work with us and recognize what we can accomplish together.  Not only has this President been accorded more Senate confirmations than President Reagan achieved during his entire first term, but he has also achieved more confirmations this year than in any of the 6 years that Republicans controlled the Senate when President Clinton was in office. Not once was President Clinton allowed 68 confirmations in a year when Republicans controlled the pace of confirmations. Despite the high numbers of vacancies and availability of highly qualified nominees, Republicans never cooperated with President Clinton to the extent Senate Democrats have. President Bush has appointed more lifetime circuit and district court judges in 10 months this year than President Clinton was allowed in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, or 2000.  Last year alone, the Democratic majority in the Senate proceeded to confirm 72 of President Bush's judicial nominees and was savagely attacked nonetheless. Likewise in 1992, the last previous full year in which a Democratic Senate majority considered the nominees of a Republican President, 66 circuit and district court judges were confirmed.  Historically, in the last year of an administration, consideration of nominations slows, the ``Thurmond rule'' is invoked and vacancies are left to the winner of the upcoming Presidential election. In 1992, Democrats proceeded to confirm 66 of former President Bush's judicial nominees even though it was a Presidential election year. By contrast, in 1996, when Republicans controlled the pace for consideration of President Clinton's judicial nominees only 17 judges were confirmed and not a single one of them was to a circuit court.  In fact, President Bush has now already appointed more judges in his third year in office than in the third year of the last five Presidential terms, including the most recent term when Republicans controlled the Senate and President Clinton was leading the country to historic economic achievements. That year, in 1999, Republicans allowed only 34 judicial nominees of President Clinton's to be confirmed all year, including only 7 circuit court nominees. Those are close to the average totals for the 6 years 1995-2000 when a Republican Senate majority was determining how quickly to consider the judicial nominees of a Democratic President. By contrast, with today's confirmation, the Senate this year will have confirmed 68 judicial nominees, including 12 circuit court nominees, almost double the totals for 1999.  We have worked hard to balance the need to fill judicial vacancies with the imperative that Federal judges need to be fair. In so doing, we have reduced the number of judicial vacancies today to 40. More than 95 percent of the federal judgeships are filled. After inheriting 110 vacancies when the Senate Judiciary Committee reorganized under Democratic control in 2001, I helped move through and confirm 100 of the President's judicial nominees in just 17 months. With today's 68th confirmation this year, we have reached the lowest number of vacancies in 13 years. There are more Federal judges on the bench today than at any time in American history. These facts stand in stark contrast to the false partisan rhetoric that demonize the Senate for having blocked all of this President's judicial nominations. The reality is that the Senate is proceeding at a record pace and achieving record numbers.  I congratulate Mr. Titus and his family on his confirmation today.  