President, today we again demonstrate how cooperative the Senate and, in particular, Democratic Senators are being to an administration that continues to refuse to work with us to select consensus court judges who could be confirmed relatively quickly by the Senate and fill the remaining Federal court vacancies.  In the prior 17 months I chaired the Judiciary Committee, we were able to confirm 100 judges and vastly reduce the judicial vacancies that Republicans had stored up by refusing to allow nominees of President Clinton to be considered. We were able to do so despite the hostility of the White House. The judicial nominees of this President are conservatives, many of them quite to the right of the mainstream. Many of these nominees have been active in conservative political causes or groups. Democrats moved fairly and expeditiously on as many as we could consistent with our obligations to evaluate carefully and thoroughly these nominees to lifetime seats in the federal courts.  Last year alone, in an election year, the Democratic-led Senate confirmed 72 judicial nominees, more than in any of the prior six years of Republican control. Not once did the Republican-controlled Committee consider that many of President Clinton's district and circuit court nominees.  While Republicans point to the 377 judges confirmed under President Clinton, but they fail to mention that only 245 of them were confirmed during the 6\1/2\ years Republicans controlled the Senate. That amounts to only 38 confirmations per year when the Republicans last held a majority and there was a Democrat in the White House. In 1999, the Republican majority did not hold a hearing on any judicial nominee until June. Tomorrow, the Republican majority will hold its seventh hearing including a 32nd judicial nominee in the last 2 months. The Senate Judiciary Committee is acting like a runaway train, operating at breakneck speed and breaking longstanding rules and practices of the committee.  This year we have had a rocky beginning with a hearing for three controversial circuit court nominees that has caused a great many problems we might have avoided. The chairman's insistence on terminating debate on the Cook and Roberts nominations is another serious problem. Of course, the administration's unwillingness to work with the Senate so that we may be provided the documents and information needed to proceed with a final vote on the Estrada nomination has already proved to be a significant problem. The opposition to the Sutton nomination isalso extensive. The concerns about the Tymkovich nomination are significant. The unprecedented nature of a President renominating someone for the same judicial position after a defeat in committee has led to the Owen nomination is pending on the floor with the assent of only the Republicans on the committee.  Nonetheless, the Senate has proceeded to confirm 114 of President Bush's judicial nominees, including 14 this year alone. The Senate confirmed the controversial nomination of Jay Bybee to the Ninth Circuit, another pro-life judicial nominee. With this one circuit court confirmation, the Senate has confirmed more circuit court judges than Republicans allowed to be confirmed in the entire 1996 session. In addition, I note that it was not until September 1999, 9 months into the year, that 14 of President Clinton's judicial nominees were confirmed in the first session of the last Congress in which Republicans controlled the Senate majority. At the pace set by Republicans now, we are a full six months ahead of that schedule.  The Indiana nominee, Theresa Lazar Springmann, is currently a U.S. Magistrate Judge for the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Indiana. She has the bipartisan support of her home State Senators. The fact that she is being confirmed to the district court months in advance of the vacancy arising demonstrates how cooperative the Senate is being. Only rarely has a nominee been confirmed in advance of a vacancy arising. The nominee is well regarded and supported by her home State Senators. I congratulate Judge Springmann and her family on her confirmation.  