President, I am pleased that the Senate is taking up and passing both the Senate and House versions of legislation to authorize salary adjustments for Justices and judges of the United States for fiscal year 2003.  Here in the Senate, Senator Hatch and I were joined by Senator DeWine and Senator Specter to cosponsor legislation to authorize an increase in the salaries of Justices and judges of the United States for the present fiscal year. House Judiciary Chairman Sensenbrenner was joined by that committee's ranking Democratic member, Congressman Conyers, and others to introduce identical legislation.  As a member of both the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce,Justice, State and the Judiciary, I have worked hard to help preserve a fair and independent judiciary. I am disappointed that the Continuing Resolutions approved by Congress failed to give the Federal judiciary a cost-of-living adjustment COLA for fiscal year 2003.  In 1975, Congress enacted the Executive Salary Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act, intended to give judges, Members of Congress and other high-ranking Executive Branch officials automatic COLAs as accorded other Federal employees unless rejected by Congress. In 1981, Congress enacted Section 140 of Public Law 97-92, mandating specific congressional action to give COLAs to judges. During the 21 years of Section 140's existence, Congress has always accorded to the Federal judiciary co-equal respect by suspending Section 140 whenever Congress has granted to itself and other Federal employees a COLA. With the end of the last Congress, however, the continuing resolutions providing funding failed to suspend Section 140, thus ensuring that no COLA would be provided for Federal judges during the current fiscal year, unless other action is taken.  The bipartisan and bicameral legislation before us provides for a COLA for Federal judges consistent with the law and with fairness.  Over the past year and one half as Judiciary Committee Chairman, I have been honored to lead the Committee in holding hearings on 103 of President Bush's judicial nominees, some of whom proved to be quite controversial and divisive. Last year the Committee voted on 102 nominees and reported 100 out of Committee favorably. The full Democratic-led Senate took the final step of confirming 100 judges in just 17 months. This remarkable record compares most favorably to the 38 judicial confirmations averaged per year during the 6\1/2\ years when the Republicans previously controlled the Senate. In addition, the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act we passed last Congress created or extended 20 Federal judgeships, more than were created during the 6\1/2\ years that the Republican party controlled the Senate. In his end of the year report, the Chief Justice of the United States noted these accomplishments and thanked the Senate for its actions. I appreciate his kind words.  I look forward to Senate passage of the House and Senate bills to authorize salary adjustments for Justices and judges of the United States for fiscal year 2003. I hope the President will promptly sign our legislation into law.  