President, I am pleased today to strongly support the amendment by the Senior Senator from West Virginia to restore funds approved by the Senate Appropriations Committee last year to enhance our homeland security.  The Byrd amendment would be giving law enforcement the tools they need to do their job, focusing on both immediate and long-term threats we face at home and abroad. It aims to bolster our security against terrorists, and to improve the administration of justice throughout the country.  This Federal support is desperately needed by our States, counties, cities and towns, which are now facing fiscal crisis.  Since September 11, 2001, States, counties, cities and towns have become overwhelmed by increasing homeland security costs. The National Governors' Association estimated that States incurred about $7 billion in security costs in the past year alone. The National Association of Counties believes at least $5.2 billion is needed to better equip public health systems to cope with attacks and fight terrorism.  The President's ill-conceived tax cut in 2001, along with the new cuts he proposes now, are likely to exacerbate these economic woes.  The Byrd amendment would provide the Federal support that our States need by restoring $1 billion in homeland security cuts, restoring $2.5 billion of emergency homeland security funds, and funding the Airport Security Act, all critical needs.  The Byrd amendment would also provide needed funding to protect our borders. Through the USA Patriot Act and the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Reform Act, a Democratic Senate led the fight to dramatically increase authorizations for personnel and technology to guard our northern border. Unfortunately, the appropriations package before us would shortchange that pressing need.  Senator Byrd's amendment includes an additional and much-needed $83 million to enforce our immigration laws and safeguard our borders, including funding to provide pay upgrades for Border Patrol agents and Immigration inspectors. We are asking more and more of our border personnel, and we must reward them for their hard work or risk losing them altogether.  In addition, the Byrd amendment expands the COPS program by providing $150 million for grants to law enforcement and first responder agencies for improved communications systems. I know that Senator Gregg and Senator Hollings, the new chairman and ranking member of the Commerce, Justice, State Appropriations Subcommittee, understand that communication is key to coordinated and effective law enforcement efforts. I thank them for their past bipartisan support in my home state for upgraded communications systems for better law enforcement.  This year marked an unfortunate turn after a decade of remarkable declines in the Nation's crime rate. The decade of progress we made under the leadership of President Clinton and Attorney General Reno helped revitalize our cities and restore a sense of security for millions of Americans. According to the latest FBI report, however, the number of murders, rapes, robberies, assaults, and property crimes is up across the United States, the first year-to-year increase since 1991.  It is troubling that, at this crucial moment, the Bush Administration is proposing to reduce by nearly 80 percent the Community Oriented Policing Services, COPS, program that has helped to put 115,000 new police officers on the beat since 1994 and Byrne grants to State and local law enforcement. I believe that we must fight to maintain and extend the COPS program and Byrne grants, which has proven its value in increasing the security of our cities, towns, and neighborhoods.  I am a strong supporter of Senator Biden and Senator Specter's bipartisan bill to reauthorize the COPS program, which the Senate Judiciary Committee approved unanimously last year only to have an anonymous Republican hold put on it to prevent final passage. I hope we can finally reauthorize the COPS program this year since it has proven to be such a crime-fighting success.  As we provide the necessary tools for federal law enforcement officials to protect our homeland security, we must remember that State and local law enforcement officers, firefighters and emergency personnel are our full partners in preventing, investigating and responding to criminal and terrorist acts.  As a former State prosecutor, I know that public safety officers are often the first responders to a crime. On September 11, the Nation saw that the first on the scene were the heroic firefighters, police officers and emergency personnel in New York City. These real-life heroes, many of whom gave the ultimate sacrifice, remind us of how important it is to support our State and local public safety partners.  In addition, the ``Comprehensive Homeland Security Act of 2003'', S. 6, and the ``Justice Enhancement and Domestic Security Act,'' S. 22, which Senator Daschle introduced on behalf of the Democratic Caucus and which I am proud to cosponsor, establish the First Responders Partnership Grant program, which will provide $4 billion in annual grants for each of the next 3 years to support our State and local law enforcement officers in the war against terrorism.  First Responder Grants will be made directly to State and local governments and Indian tribes for equipment, training and facilities to support public safety officers in their efforts to protect homeland security and prevent and respond to acts of terrorism. Grants may be used to pay up to 90 percent of the cost of the equipment, training or facility, and each State will be guaranteed a fair minimum amount. This is essential Federal support that our State and local public safety officers need and deserve.  Our State and local public safety law enforcement partners welcome the challenge to join in our national mission to protect our homeland security. But we cannot ask State and local law enforcement officers, firefighters and emergency personnel to assume thesenew national responsibilities without also providing new Federal support.  The Byrd Amendment is an essential down payment and with the First Responders Partnership Grant Program, which I hope the Senate will turn to and enact without delay, we can provide the necessary federal support for our State and public safety officers to serve as full partners in our fight to protect homeland security and respond to acts of terrorism.  