President, I must say I completely agree with the senior Senator from Nevada on this. The senior Senator from New Mexico, who was in the Chamber, expressed concern about time being taken talking about William Pryor's nomination. We are not the ones who scheduled William Pryor's nomination in the middle of the Energy bill.  The distinguished senior Senator from Utah, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, is in the Chamber. He knows the concerns expressed by members of the committee that this nomination was voted out of committee before investigations underway involving Mr. Pryor were completed.  It is passingly strange that when we say that after the nomination has been moved prematurely out of the Senate Judiciary Committee with pending questions, very serious questions involving the conduct of that nominee unresolved, but it gets sort of rocketed onto the floor. Then we are asked to lie down and just let it go through without even saying why we object.  First, the rules of the Senate Judiciary Committee itself were violated. Rule 4 was violated. The matter is still coming up. The distinguished majority leader and the distinguished Democratic leader had a conversation in which the distinguished majority leader assured us that this would never happen again. Within a few weeks of that assurance, it happens again, an assurance that no nomination of this nature would come up if it was sent outin violation of rule 4 of the Senate Judiciary Committee. It was. The nomination is up. And we don't ask questions about it?  Then we hear some on the other side say: Our judges are being blocked. Well, it is true; 2 out of 140 have been. But at the same time, they want to quietly voice vote all these other judges through so that nobody will notice that we are passing judges. One of the reasons we have asked for rollcall votes on a number of them is to show how easy it is to pass a judge where there is a consensus.  In those rare instances where people have actually been consulted about a judge and where a judge has been nominated who is not going to be an ideological arm of either political party but, rather, be an independent judge, they go through easily.  In this case, the Republican leadership--not the Democratic leadership, the Republican leadership--filed a cloture motion on the nomination of William Pryor to the Eleventh Circuit. So we are going to have this premature debate.  I hope there is one aspect on which we can get closure in the Senate. In connection with this nomination, supporters of the administration have leveled the unfounded charges that Democratic Senators are anti-Catholic. This charge is despicable. I have waited patiently for more than 2 years for Republican Senators to disavow such charges. So far, only one has, the distinguished Presiding Officer. This is a despicable, slanderous charge. It is one calculated to throw us back into a time that maybe some in this Chamber may not remember. Some of us have parents who do remember when anti-Catholic bias ran rampant in this country.  It is outrageous, of course, that Republicans will not knock down these slanderous charges of anti-Catholicism and allow them to go forward. This slander and the ads recently run by a group headed by the President's father's former White House counsel and a group whose funding includes money raised by Republican Senators and the President's family are personally offensive. They have no place in this debate or anywhere else.  For a charge of anti-Catholicism to be leveled against any Member of this Chamber, Republican or Democratic, is wrong. But for those who stay silent and allow it to go forward, who take part in it, the only way for a lie to get traction is for people to remain silent. And those who could stop this lie in a hurry remain silent.  I challenged the Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee who are so fond of castigating special interest groups and condemning every critical statement of a Republican nominee as being somehow a partisan sneer, to condemn this ad campaign and the injunction of religion into these matters. Only the junior Senator from Georgia now presiding responded to that challenge. Other Republican members of the Judiciary Committee and of the Senate have either stood mute in the face of these obnoxious and disgusting and scurrilous charges or, worse, they have fed the flames.  Today, Republican Senators have another chance to do what they have not yet done and what this administration has not yet done--disavow this campaign of division and those who have played wedge politics with religion. I hope the Republican leadership of the Senate and of the Judiciary Committee will finally disavow the contention that any Senator is being motivated in any way by religious bigotry, just as I and others on this side of the aisle have defended members of the Republican side of the aisle when they have been attacked on their religion. We find it so painful that not only do they remain silent when people on this side of the aisle are attacked on their religion but in some instances have even continued the attack in statements they have made outside this Chamber.  When we began debate on the nomination of Miguel Estrada in February, I made a similar request with respect to the charges that Senators were being anti-Hispanic. The other side never withdrew that ridiculous charge. Instead, the special interest groups and others trying to intimidate the Senate into voting on that nomination broadened the attack to include Hispanic members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, MALDEF, the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund, past presidents of the Hispanic National Bar Association, and many other Hispanic and civil rights organizations that opposed the Estrada nomination. It was so bad that one Hispanic organization that supported Miguel Estrada issued a statement that the charge was wrong, that they certainly didn't believe it applied to any Member of the Senate, and urged the Republicans to stop it.  They didn't, but they were urged by other Hispanic groups to stop it. The demagoguery, divisive and partisan politics being so cynically used by supporters of the President's most extreme judicial nominees needs to stop. There are at least five judicial nominations on the Executive Calendar on which we can join as Democrats and Republicans. I would be willing to bet that they would be confirmed by an overwhelming vote.  I remember when we had a circuit court of appeals judge nominated by President Bush. For a month, the Democrats tried to get a vote on that nominee. For a month, one Republican had an anonymous hold and refused a vote to go forward. There are people we could vote on. Why don't they? We took a month to get the Republicans to release the anonymous hold on Judge Edward Prado, who was nominated by President Bush. Interestingly enough, I finally found out why. They didn't want a vote. They wanted to attack us for not voting on him, even though we were the ones asking to vote on him. It is Alice in Wonderland to the tenth power.  Now, the assistant minority leader suggested going to these matters and making progress. I have suggested scheduling rollcall votes on these nominees and making further bipartisan progress. Instead, we waste time on cloture motion after cloture motion after another cloture motion in connection with the most controversial of this President's nominees. Now I find out why. I am told by members of the press that the Republicans said this was supposed to be our issue this week. We are not getting appropriations bills done, we are not going to finish the Energy bill, or do anything else, so we are going to tie up the Senate with a number of cloture votes. Then they all went out with their talking points with members of the press to tell them how terrible it was that we were having these votes, which they scheduled.  