President, I begin by thanking the democratic leader and assistant leader for going to bat for Judge Edward Prado and working out this arrangement with the Republican leadership so that this consensus nomination can be considered without further delay. I appreciate that the majority leader and Senator McConnell have been willing to work with us to allow this nomination to go forward today.  I was disappointed to hear on Tuesday that the Republican position was that this matter should be further delayed and I did not understand the logic or motivation behind that position.  I cannot recall a time when the Senate or either party leadership insisted on strict adherence to consideration of nominations based on their calendar number. Indeed, during the period 1995 through 2001, quite the opposite was true and Democrats had to work very hard to get the Republican leadership to take up nominations that were stalled on the Senate Executive Calendar for weeks, months and sometimes years. This year we have continued to make progress on filling judicial vacancies not by holding up all nominations reported after that of Mr. Estrada but, on the contrary, by moving to those on which there is agreement and on which we can proceed most efficiently.  In fact, all 20 judicial confirmations this year were nominations reported and considered after that of Mr. Estrada and after debate on the Estrada nomination had begun.  We still do not know who on the Republican side delayed consideration of the consensus nomination of Judge Prado for the last month. I thank the Congressional Hispanic Caucus for its support of this nomination and for working with the Senate to bring this matter forward at this time. I also want to thank the Republican leadership for changing position and working with us to move forward.  I came to the floor on Monday to make the point that the nomination of Judge Edward Prado to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit was cleared on the Democratic side and that we were prepared to proceed. Senator Daschle and Senator Reid came before the Senate on Tuesday to urge that the Prado nomination be considered rather than be held captive on the Senate calendar. All Democratic Senators serving on the Judiciary Committee voted to report this nomination favorably. All Democratic Senators had indicated that they were eager to proceed to this nomination and, after a reasonable period of debate, voting on the nomination. I am confident this nomination will be confirmed by an extraordinary majority--maybe unanimously.  It is most unfortunate that so many partisans in this administration and on the other side of the aisle insist on bogging down consensus matters and consensus nominees in order to focus exclusively on the most divisive and controversial of this President's nominees as he continues his efforts to pack the courts. Democratic Senators have worked very hard to cooperate with this administration in order to fill judicial vacancies. What the other side seeks to obscure is that effort, that fairness and the progress we have been able to achieve without much help from the other side or the administration.  This week, again, despite Democratic willingness to proceed to a vote on the controversial nomination of Jeffrey Sutton to the Sixth Circuit, the other side then insisted we proceed to the unprecedented renomination of Priscilla Owen. Mr. Sutton was confirmed with the fewest votes in favor of any judicial nominee in the last 20 years and with more than enough negative votes to have sustained a filibuster. Rather than proceed to a consensus nominee and fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the Fifth Circuit with an experienced and respected Hispanic federal judge, Judge Prado, Republicans insisted on pressing forward with another of the President's most controversial and divisive nominations.  The fact is that when Democrats became the Senate majority in the summer of 2001 we inherited 110 judicial vacancies. Over the next 17 months, despite constant criticism from the administration, the Senate proceeded to confirm 100 of President Bush's nominees, including several who were divisive and controversial, several who had mixed peer review ratings from the ABA and at least one who had been rated not qualified. Despite the additional 40 vacancies that arose, we reduced judicial vacancies to 60, a level below that termed ``full employment'' by Senator Hatch. Since the beginning of this year, in spite of the fixation of the Republican majority on the President's most controversial nominations, we have worked hard to reduce judicial vacancies even further.  As of today, the Senate Judiciary Committee website lists the number of judicial vacancies at 48. That is the lowest it has been in 13 years. That is lower than at any time during the entire eight years of the Clinton administration. We have already reduced judicial vacancies from 110 to 48, in less than two years. We have reduced the vacancy rate from 12.8 percent to 5.6 percent, the lowest it has been in the last two decades. With some cooperation from the administration think of the additional progress we could be making.  Even after the consideration of Judge Prado, for example, there is another distinguished Hispanic nominee who was reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee last month on which the Senate will not yet have acted: on the Senate executive calendar is the nomination of Cecilia Altonaga to be a Federal judge in Florida. We expedited consideration of this nominee at the request of Senator Graham of Florida. She will be the first Cuban-American woman to be confirmed to the Federal bench when Republicans choose to proceed to that nomination. Indeed, Democrats in the Senate have worked to expedite fair consideration of every Latino nominee this President has made to the Federal trial courts in addition to the nomination of Judge Prado.  Another example may be the nomination of Consuelo Callahan to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Unlike the divisive nomination of Carolyn Kuhl to the same court, both home State Senators returned their blue slips and support a hearing for Judge Consuelo Callahan. I have asked that she receive a hearing in the near future and look forward to learning more about her record as an appellate judge for the State of California. Rather than disregarding time-honored rules and Senate practices, I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to help us fill more judicial vacancies more quickly by bringing those nominations that have bipartisan support to the front of the line for Committee hearings and floor votes.  As I have noted throughout the last 2 years, the Senate is able to move expeditiously when we have consensus, mainstream nominees to consider. Nationally-respected columnist David Broder made this point in an April 16 column that appeared in the Washington Post. I referenced this column earlier this week and inserted it in the Congressional Record. In his column, Mr. Broder noted that when he asked Alberto Gonzales if there might be a lesson in Judge Prado's easy approval, Mr. Gonzales missed the point. In Mr. Broder's mind: ``The lesson seems obvious. Conservatives can be confirmed for the courts when they are well known in their communities and a broad range of their constituents have reason to think them fair-minded.''  To date the Senate has proceeded to confirm 120 of President Bush's nominees, 100 in the 17 months in which Democrats made up the Senate majority. The lesson that less controversial nominees are considered and confirmed more easily was the lesson of the last two years and that lesson has been lost on this White House.  Unfortunately, far too many of this President's nominees raise serious concerns about whether they will be fair judges to all parties on all issues. Those types of nominees should not be rushed through the process. I regret the administration's refusal to workwith us to end the impasse it has created in connection with the Estrada nomination.  The partisan politics of division that the administration is practicing with respect to that nomination are not helpful and not respectful of the damage done to the Hispanic community by insisting on so divisive a nominee.  I invite the President to work with us and to nominate more mainstream individuals like Judge Prado. His proven record and bipartisan support makes it easier for us to uphold our constitutional duty of advise and consent. I encourage those on the other side of the aisle to allow us to consider his nomination. I look forward to casting a vote in favor of his confirmation.  Judge Prado is an exceptional candidate for elevation to the appeals court. He has significant experience as a public servant in west Texas. Perhaps the fact that he has bipartisan support is the reason why he is not being brought forward at this time for a floor vote. That does not fit the Republican message but reveals the truth: That Democratic Senators, having already acted on 120 judges nominated by President Bush, are prepared to support even more of his nominations when they are mainstream, consensus nominees. Perhaps the fact that Democrats unanimously supported his nomination in committee is seen as a drawback for Mr. Prado in the Republican world of nomination politics. I hope that is not the case.  I also hope the fact that Judge Prado is Hispanic has not been a factor in the Republican delay. Some have suggested that Judge Prado has been delayed because Democratic Senators are likely to vote for him and thereby undercut the Republican's shameless charge that the opposition to Miguel Estrada is based on his ethnicity. Republican partisans have made lots of partisan hay attacking Democrats in connection with the Estrada nomination. We all know that the White House could have cooperated with the Senate by producing his work papers and the Senate could have proceeded to a vote on the Estrada nomination months ago. The request for his work papers was sent last May.  Rather than respond as every other administration has over the last 20 years and provide access to those papers, this White House has stonewalled. Rather than follow the policy of openness outlined by Attorney General Robert Jackson in the 1940's, this administration has stonewalled. And Republican Senators and other partisans could not wait to claim that the impasse created by the White House's change in policy and practice with respect to nominations was somehow attributable to Democrats being anti-Hispanic. The charge would be laughable if it were not so calculated to do political damage and to divide the Hispanic community. That is what Republican partisans hope is the result. That is wrong.  So some have come to the conclusion that Republican delay in connection with the consideration of Judge Prado's nomination may be related to the political strategy of the White House to characterize Democrats unfairly. Might the record be set straight if Democrats were seen to be supporting this Hispanic nominee to the Fifth Circuit? Might the Republicans' own record of opposing President Clinton's nominations of Judge Jorge Rangel and Enrique Moreno to that same circuit court be contrasted unfavorably with Democrats' support of Judge Prado?  Might Judge Prado, a conservative from Texas with a public record of service as a Federal district court judge, become the first Hispanic appointed by President Bush to the circuit courts with widespread support from Senate Democrats? Might this more mainstream, consensus nominee stand in stark contrast to the ideological choices intended to pack the courts on which the White House and Senate Republicans concentrate almost exclusively?  Judge Prado has 19 years of experience as a U.S. District Court judge, which provides us with a significant judicial career to evaluate. A review of Judge Prado's actions on the bench demonstrates a solid record of fairness and evenhandedness.  While I may not agree with each and every one of his rulings or with every action he has taken as a lawyer or judge, my review of his record leads me to conclude that he will be a fair judge. No supervisor or colleague of Judge Prado's has questioned his ability or willingness to interpret the law fairly. Judge Prado enjoys the full support of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund. Not a single person or organization has submitted a letter of opposition or raised concerns about Judge Prado. No controversy. No red flags. No basis for concern. No opposition. This explains why his nomination was voted out of the Judiciary Committee with a unanimous, bipartisan vote on an expedited basis.  To understand the importance of Judge Prado's nomination, we must put it in the context of prior nominations to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Until Judge Prado's hearing, it had been more than a decade since a Latino nominee to that Court had even been allowed a hearing by the Senate Judiciary Committee, let alone a vote on the floor. I recall President Clinton's two Hispanic nominations to the Fifth Circuit and the poor treatment they received from the Republican-led Senate.  Judge Jorge Rangel was a former Texas State judge and a dedicated attorney in private practice in Corpus Christi, TX when President Clinton nominated him to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in 1997. Judge Rangel is a graduate of the University of Houston and the Harvard Law School and earned a rating of ``Well Qualified'' by the American Bar Association. Yet, under Republican leadership, he never received a hearing on his nomination, let alone a vote by the Committee or by the full Senate. His nomination languished without action for 15 months. Despite his treatment, this outstanding gentleman has recently written us in support of a judicial nominee of President Bush.  After Judge Rangel, disappointed with his treatment at the hands of the Republican majority, asked the President not to resubmit his nomination, President Clinton nominated Enrique Moreno, a distinguished attorney in private practice in El Paso, TX. Mr. Moreno is a graduate of Harvard University and the Harvard Law School. He was given the highest rating of unanimously ``Well Qualified'' by the ABA. Mr. Moreno also waited 15 months, but was never allowed a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee. President Clinton renominated him at the beginning of 2001, but President Bush, squandering an opportunity for bipartisanship, withdrew the nomination and refused to renominate him.  In addition, President Clinton nominated H. Alston Johnson to the Fifth Circuit in 1999. This talented Louisianan came to the Senate with the support of both of his home state Senators but he never received a hearing on his nomination or a vote by the Committee or the full Senate in 1999, 2000, or the beginning of 2001. His nomination languished without action for 23 months.  In contrast, when I served as Chair of the Judiciary Committee last Congress, we granted Edith Clement a hearing within months of her nomination. At that time there had been no hearings on Fifth Circuit nominees since 1994 and no confirmations since 1995.  We also proceeded to hearings, committee debate and committee votes on the divisive and controversial nominations of Judge Priscilla Owen and Judge Charles Pickering. We granted hearings and votes on all four of this President's nominees to the Fifth Circuit in spite of the treatment Republicans accorded President Clinton's qualified nominees to that same circuit. Under Republican leadership, none of President Clinton's nominees to this Court received a hearing during his entire second term of office.  Some of my friends on the other side of the aisle have made the outrageous claim that Democratic Senators are anti-Hispanic or anti-Latino. I think it is important to set the record straight.  Of the ten Latino appellate judges currently seated in the Federal courts, 8 were appointed by President Clinton. Three other Latino nominees of President Clinton to the appellate courts were blocked by Republicans--as well as several others for the district court. In fact, in contrast to the President's selection of only one Latino circuitcourt nominee in his first 2 years in office, 3 of President Clinton's first 14 judicial nominees were Latino, and he nominated more than 30 Latino nominees to the Federal courts.  During President Clinton's tenure, 10 of his more than 30 Latino nominees, including Judge Rangel, Enrique Moreno, and Christine Arguello to the circuit courts, were delayed or blocked from receiving hearings or votes by the Republican leadership.  Republicans delayed consideration of Judge Richard Paez for over 1,500 days, and 39 Republicans voted against him. The confirmations of Latina circuit nominees Rosemary Barkett and Sonia Sotomayor were also delayed by Republicans. Judge Barkett was targeted for delay and defeat by Republicans based on claims about her judicial philosophy, but those efforts were not successful. After significant delays, 36 Republicans voted against the confirmation of this nominee who received a ``Well Qualified'' rating by the ABA. Additionally, Judge Sotomayor, who also received a ``Well Qualified'' rating and had been appointed to district court by President George H.W. Bush, was targeted by Republicans for delay or defeat when she was nominated to the Second Circuit. She was confirmed, although 29 Republicans voted against her.  The fact is that the Latino nominations that the Senate has received from this administration have been acted upon in a expeditious manner. They have overwhelmingly enjoyed bipartisan support. Under the Democratically-led Senate, we swiftly granted hearings for and eventually confirmed Judge Christina Armijo of New Mexico, Judge Phillip Martinez and Randy Crane of Texas, Judge Jose Martinez of Florida, U.S. Magistrate Judge Alia Ludlum, and Judge Jose Linares of New Jersey to the district courts.  This year, we also confirmed Judge James Otero of California, and we would have held his confirmation hearing last year if his ABA peer rating had been delivered to us in time for the scheduling of our last hearing. As I have noted, we also have the nomination of Cecilia Altonaga to be a Federal judge in Florida already on the Senate Executive Calendar.  I, again, urge those on the other side of the aisle to help us fill more judicial vacancies more quickly by bringing those nominations that have bipartisan support to the front of the line for Committee hearings and floor votes. As I have noted throughout the last 2 years, the Senate is able to move expeditiously when we have consensus, mainstream nominees to consider.  That is the way to achieve 100 confirmations in 17 months and 120 in less than 2 years. The lesson that less controversial nominees are considered and confirmed more easily was the lesson of the last 2 years and that lesson has been lost on this White House.  Unfortunately, far too many of this President's nominees raise serious concerns about whether they will be fair judges to all parties on all issues. Those types of nominees should not be rushed through the process. I invite the President to nominate more mainstream individuals like Judge Prado. His proven record and bipartisan support makes it easier for us to uphold our constitutional duty of advise and consent. I encourage those on the other side of the aisle to allow us to consider his nomination. I look forward to casting a vote in favor of his confirmation.  I, again, thank the Senate Republican leadership for working with us to proceed to this consensus nomination, to provide adequate time for debate and to proceed to a vote without further delay. Judge Prado's nomination has been delayed on the Senate executive calendar for several weeks, unnecessarily in my view. I recall all too vividly when anonymous Republican holds delayed Senate action on the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Second Circuit for 7 months. Let us work together. I thank all Senators, even those Republicans who have anonymously held up consideration of Judge Prado's nomination for the last month, for agreeing to proceed with this nomination at this time. I congratulate the nominee and his family on his elevation to the Fifth Circuit and look forward to his continuing judicial service.  Again, I thank the Congressional Hispanic Caucus for its support of this nomination and for working with the Senate to bring this matter forward at this time. I do thank the Republican leadership for changing its position and working with us to move forward.  I see the distinguished senior Senator from Texas in the Chamber, and if I have further time, I withhold it. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Alexander). The Senator from Texas.  