Mr. President, I do take my time under the order.  As I stated before, I do oppose this bill, a bill that has not had hearings, has not had a vote in the committee, but when you review it, you realize--let me be parochial for a moment--this legislation would deprive Vermonters of the right to band together to protect themselves against violations of State civil rights, consumer, health, and environmental protection laws in their own State courts.  That is unacceptable to this Vermonter. The same could be said of all the other 49 States, and it ought to be unacceptable to the Senators from each of the other 49 States.  In fact, the country might ask what it says about our priorities that we are even having this debate. Of the many pressing issues already on the Senate's plate awaiting action and awaiting time on the floor, all the appropriations bills that we are required by law to pass by September 30 and have yet to even be taken up for a vote or debate should be among our highest priorities. If we are going to tell how the laws should be made and how the courts should be run, we ought to at least demonstrate to the American people that we, in the Senate, can follow the law and do our appropriations bills at the time we are supposed to.  Instead, we set aside those issues that by law we are required to do, those issues that are the priorities of the American people, to take up another priority. We ask: Whose priority is this bill? The bill is a top priority to special interests that include big polluters and big violators of the American people's consumer rights and civil rights past, present, and future.  Class actions are one remaining tool available to the average American in seeking justice, and some special interests want nothing more than to weaken the public's hand in class action proceedings.  While the Senate is spending several days debating this bill, think of those appropriations bills that by law we should have brought up weeks ago and what is in those bills: not special interests but American interests, such as funding for the Department of Justice to provide bulletproof vests for law enforcement officers, the same law enforcement officers who protect all of us, or how about the money to put more cops on the streets and to implement the prevention programs of the Violence Against Women Act? Those are not special interests; they are American interests.  Despite the fact the fiscal year began 3 weeks ago, we are dallying with this special interest legislation that benefits large corporate interests at the expense of individuals harmed by these corporations.  At its core, this bill deprives citizens of the right to sue on State law claims in their own State courts if the principal defendant is a citizen of another State, even if that defendant has a substantial presence in the plaintiffs' home State, and even if the harm done was in the plaintiffs' home State.  Less than a week ago, with no hearings before our committee, mass tort actions were included in the bill along with true class actions, despite the factthat when we actually did vote on it in the Judiciary Committee, both Republicans and Democrats voted to take that out. This simply amplifies the harm done to citizens' rights, and to the possibility of vindicating those rights in their own State courts.  It also shows how special interest legislation comes on the floor. Here is legislation bypassing the committee, legislation that is dumped on the floor and provisions added to it that had been voted down by a majority of the committee of jurisdiction, a majority requiring both Republicans and Democrats to vote for it.  Special interests groups are distorting the state of class action litigation by relying on a few anecdotes in an ends-oriented attempt to impede plaintiffs bringing class action cases. There are problems in class action litigation. There are ways of taking care of that. But simply shoving most suits into Federal court with new one-sided rules will not correct the real problems faced by plaintiffs and defendants.  After all, our State-based tort system remains one of the greatest and most powerful vehicles for justice anywhere in the world. I think of when the Soviet Union broke up, as I said before on the floor, and members of the new governing body came to the United States to study how we do things. I recall a group coming to my office and saying: We have heard that people in the United States in your States can sue the Government, sue the State.  I said: That's right.  They said: We have heard further that they actually could win, and the State could lose.  I said: It happens all the time.  They said: You mean, you don't fire the judges; you don't start over again?  I said: Absolutely not; this is our system. We set it up that way so people can go to their State courts and sue.  If this is passed, I would hate to have to explain to those people from the former Soviet Union that we have taken such a step backward.  One reason that our State-based tort systems are so great is that there is an availability of class action litigation that lets ordinary people band together to take on powerful corporations or even their own Government. Defrauded investors, deceived consumers, victims of defective products, and environmental torts, and thousands of other ordinary people have been able to rely on class action lawsuits in our State court systems to seek and receive justice.  If they cannot, that is what the cheaters count on. We are only cheating you $5 or $6 or $10 or $15. Why would you sue for that? But if there are millions being cheated, then you have a chance to do something. Class actions allow the little guys to band together. Whether it is to force manufacturers to recall and correct dangerous products, as we saw with the Bridgestone/Firestone tire recall, or to clean up after devastating environmental harms, as we saw with Monsanto in Alabama, or to vindicate the basic civil rights they are entitled to as citizens of our great country, they are using class actions, and they should continue to do so.  The so-called Class Action Fairness Act is something that appeared on the Senate desk with no hearings. It almost looks as if it has been drafted in the legal section of one of the major polluters of this country. It would leave injured parties who have valid claims with no effective way to seek relief.  Class action suits have helped win justice and exposed wrongdoing by corporate and Government wrongdoers. They have given average Americans at least a chance for justice. We should not take that away.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  