President, I commend my friend from North Dakota and my friend from Idaho for their amendments to prohibit the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control from wasting taxpayer funds to enforce the ban on travel by American citizens to Cuba.  Today, any American who wants to travel to Iran, North Korea, Syria, Vietnam, to just about anywhere, can do so as long as that country gives them a visa. As far as the U.S. Government is concerned, Americans can visit any of those countries.  Cuba, on the other hand, a country that poses about as much threat to the United States as a flea does to a buffalo, is off limits.  Of all the ridiculous, anachronistic, and self-defeating policies, this has got to be near the top of the list. OFAC is spending scarce funds to prosecute harmless, law-abiding, upstanding American citizens who want nothing more than to experience another culture, and in doing so, leave a bit of America behind.  For 40 years, administration after administration, and Congress after Congress, has stuck by this failed policy. Yet Fidel Castro is as firmly in control today as he was half a century ago.  The Dorgan and Craig amendments would inject some sense into our policy toward Cuba, and they would protect one of the most fundamental rights that most Americans take for granted--the right to travel freely.  A few years ago, I traveled to Cuba with Senator Jack Reed. We were able to go there because we are Members of Congress.  I came face to face with the absurdity of the current policy because I wanted my wife Marcelle to accompany me. A few days before we were to leave, I got a call from the State Department saying that they were not sure they could approve her travel to Cuba.  I cannot speak for other Senators, but I suspect that like me, they would not react too kindly to a policy that gives the Government the authority to prevent their wife, or other members of their family, from traveling with them to a country with which we are not at war and which, according to the Defense Department and the vast majority of the American public, poses no threat to our security.  I wonder how many Senators realize that if they wanted to take a family member with them to Cuba, they would probably be prohibited from doing so.  Over a decade has passed since the collapse of the former Soviet Union. The Russians long ago cut their $3 billion subsidy to Cuba. We now give millions of dollars in aid to Russia.  Americans can travel to North Korea. There are no restrictions on the right of Americans to travel there. Which country poses a greater threat to the United States? The answer is obvious.  Americans can travel to Iran, and they can spend money there. The same goes for Syria.  Our policy is hypocritical, inconsistent, and contrary to our values as a nation that believes in the free flow of people and ideas. It is beneath us. It is impossible for anyone to make a rationale argument that an American should be able to travel freely to North Korea, or Iran, but not to Cuba. It can't be done.  We have been stuck with this misguided policy for years, even though virtually everyone knows, and says privately, that it makes absolutely no sense and is beneath the dignity of a great country.  It not only helps strengthen Fidel Castro's grip on Cuba, it hands a huge advantage to our European competitors who are building relationships and establishing future investments in a post-Castro Cuba.  When that will happen is anybody's guess. President Castro is no democrat, and he is not going to become one. Human rights are systematically denied in Cuba. That is beyond dispute. But it is time we pursued a policy that is in our national interest, that helps pave the way for the day when Castro is gone, and which stops punishing American citizens.  Those who want to prevent Americans from traveling to Cuba, who oppose this bill, will argue that spending U.S. dollars there helps prop up the Castro government.  To some extent that is true. The same can be said of spending dollars in Sudan, Syria, or any country. The Cuban Government does control the formal economy. It also runs schools and hospitals, maintains roads, and, like the U.S. Government, is responsible for a whole range of social services. Any money that goes into the Cuban economy also supports those programs, which benefit ordinary Cubans.  There is also an informal economy in Cuba, because few Cubans can survive on their meager salaries. So the income from tourism also fuels that informal sector, and it goes into the pockets of ordinary Cubans.  As much as we want to see a democratic Cuba, President Castro's grip on power is not going to be weakened by keeping Americans from traveling to Cuba. History has proven that.  Let's inject some maturity into our relations with Cuba. Let's have a little more faith in the power of our ideas. Let's have the courage to admit that the cold war is over. Let's get the Government out of the business of telling our wives, our children, and our constituents where they can travel and spend their own money in a country that poses no threat to us.  