President, last Thursday, at his press conference, the President of the United States gave his reasons to justify the use of military force to remove Saddam Hussein from power.  The President said again that he has not made up his mind to go to war, but his own advisers are saying that even if Iraq fully complies with U.N. Security Council Resolution 1441, Saddam Hussein must be removed from power.  The President said his goal is protecting the American people from terrorism. That is a goal we all share. But he offered no evidence that Iraq had anything to do with the September 11 attacks or any details of Iraq's links to al-Qaida.  He offered no new information about the potential costs of a war, either in American and Iraqi lives, or in dollars. Both Republicans and Democrats have urged the President to be more forthcoming with the American people, to tell us what sacrifices may be involved--not to have Cabinet members come to the Senate and the House, and when asked how much they estimate a war and its aftermath may cost, say: We have no idea.  We know the administration has estimated the costs, yet the President dismissively says ``ask the spenders'' in Congress, knowing full well that Congress appropriates funds, it is the President who spends them.  It is disingenuous, at best, to refuse to level with the American people at a time of rapidly escalating deficits. We know it has already cost billions of dollars just to send our troops over there, but how many more tens or hundreds of billions of dollars, may be added to the deficit? The President is apparently ready to send hundreds of thousands of America's sons and daughters into battle without saying anything about the costs and risks.  The President repeatedly spoke of the danger of ``doing nothing,'' as if doing nothing is what those who urge patience and caution--with war only as a last resort--are recommending. In fact, virtually no one is saying we should do nothing about Saddam Hussein.  Even most of the millions of people who have joined protests and demonstrations against the use of force without U.N. Security Council authorization are not saying the world should ignore Saddam Hussein.  Yet that is the President's answer to those who oppose a preemptive U.S. invasion, and who, contrary to wanting to do nothing, want to give the United Nations more time to try to solve this crisis without war.  The President also failed to address a key concern that divides Americans, that divides us from many of our closest European allies, that divides our allies from each other, and that divides the U.N. Security Council. That issue is not whether or not Saddam Hussein is a deceptive, despicable, dangerous despot who should be disarmed. There is little, if any, disagreement about that.  Nor is it whether or not force should ever be used. Most people accept that the United States, like any country, has a right of self-defense if it is faced with an imminent threat. If the U.N. inspectors fail to disarm Iraq, force may become the only option.  Most people also agree that a United States-led invasion would quickly overwhelm and defeat Iraq's ill-equipped, demoralized army.  Rather, the President said almost nothing about the concern shared by so many people, that by attacking Iraq to enforce Security Council Resolution 1441 without the support of key allies on the U.N. Security Council, we risk weakening the Security Council's future effectiveness and our own ability to rally international support not only to prevent this war and future wars, but to deal with other global threats like terrorism. This concern is exacerbated by the increasing resentment throughout the world of the administration's domineering and simplistic ``you are either with us or against us'' approach. It has damaged longstanding relationships, relationships that have taken decades of trust and diplomacy to build, both with our neighbors in this hemisphere and our friends across the Atlantic.  The President says that if the Security Council does not support the use of force today, it risks becoming irrelevant. The President has it backward. The Security Council would not become irrelevant because it refuses to obey the President of the United States. Rather, the Security Council's effectiveness is threatened if the United States ignores the will of key allies on the Security Council regarding the enforcement of a Security Council resolution.  The President was also asked by several members of the press why there is such fervent opposition to his policy among Americans and some of our oldest allies when only a year and a half ago, after the September 11 attacks, the whole world was united in sympathy with the United States. He had no answer.  The President should heed the words of former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft, who was an architect of the 1991 Gulf War. General Scowcroft has strongly criticized the administration's ad hoc approach based on a ``coalition of the willing'' which the general calls ``fundamentally, fatally flawed.'' General Scowcroft said:       As we've seen in the debate about Iraq, it's already given      us an image of arrogance and unilateralism, and we're paying      a high price for that image. If we get to the point where      everyone secretly hopes the United States gets a black eye      because we're so obnoxious, then we'll be totally hamstrung      in the war on terror. We'll be like Gulliver with the      Lilliputians.  For 200 years, people around the world have looked up to the United States because of our values, our integrity, our tolerance, and our respect for others. These are the qualities that have set the United States apart. Today, while most countries share our goal of disarming Saddam Hussein, we are being vilified for our arrogance, for our disdain for international law, and our intolerance of opposing views.  A distinguished American career diplomat, John Brady Kiesling, echoed General Scowcroft's concerns about the practical harm done to U.S. interests and influence abroad. He recently wrote to Secretary of State Colin Powell, proffering his resignation as an act of protest about the administration's policy toward Iraq. I suspect Mr. Kiesling's eloquent and heartfelt explanation of how he reached the difficult decision to give up his career expresses the feelings and concerns of some other American diplomats who are representing the United States at our embassies and missions around the world.  I ask unanimous consent that Mr. Kiesling's letter to the Secretary be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  