 Madam President, I regret we have to be here today, but we are here because the President has picked another fight with the Senate by renominating a divisive and controversial activist to another circuit court. That is regrettable. The Republican leadership in the Senate is forcing this confrontation at this time, and it is neither necessary nor constructive. I am sorry the WhiteHouse has chosen to make these matters into partisan political fights, rather than working with Senators on both sides of the aisle to fill judicial vacancies with qualified consensus nominees.  I have been here with six Presidents. Five of them, from both parties, would work with members on both sides of the aisle for consensus nominees. This is the first President who has not. Despite what is really a historic low level of cooperation from the White House--and it is the lowest level of cooperation from any White House I have ever had experience with in my 30 years in the Senate--we have already confirmed 120 of President Bush's judicial nominees. We have confirmed 120. We have rejected 2 out of 120. That is not a bad record. Some of them we voted for, including some of the most divisive and controversial nominees sent up by any President. So 120 passed, 2 are being held up. I don't know where that shows an obstructionist Senate. This week the Senate debated and voted on the nomination of Jeffrey Sutton to the Sixth Circuit. This was a divisive one, and I think the fact that it is so divisive is shown by the fact he got the fewest number of favorable votes of any confirmation in almost 20 years--barely a majority. He got 52. That is the lowest number of votes any judge has had in about 20 years. That reflects the fact we have reached the point in the queue where many of these nominations divide the American people and the Senate far more than they unite us. I urge the President to be a uniter, not a divider. This is the third controversial judicial nominee of this President against whom more than 40 negative votes were cast.  Our Senate Democratic leadership is working hard to correct some of the problems that arose with some of the earlier hearings and actions of the Judiciary Committee this year. Just yesterday, we were able to hold a hearing on the nomination of John Roberts to the District of Columbia Circuit. He was put in almost as an afterthought. There was a massive day of hearings, and he was not able to get a full hearing. This was done by the Republican leadership. I appreciate the fact they recognized that was wrong and they had another hearing yesterday. We are all working hard to complete committee consideration of that nomination at the earliest opportunity.  The distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee said he will put off that nomination today for a hearing sometime next week, and we will have a vote on him.  I am optimistic our leadership will be able to work out a procedure for Senate consideration of the nomination of Deborah Cook to the Sixth Circuit. So a number of controversial nominations are being considered. I point out there are other nominations, such as that of Judge Edward Prado of Texas, a distinguished Hispanic jurist. Every Democratic Senator said they are willing to go forward with a vote on him. He has been held up on the Republican side. I don't know if we are going to be blamed for holding up this judge or not. We have all agreed we are ready to go forward with a short time agreement and a vote. He will be confirmed. He is not being held up on the Democratic side, but by the Republican side, even though he is one of President Bush's nominees.  There is also Judge Cecilia Altonaga, on whom we have been seeking consideration for some time. I hope the Republican leadership will let them go forward.  We are making progress. The glass is not full, but it is more full than empty. More has been achieved than some want to acknowledge. There have been 120 lifetime confirmations in less than 2 years. That is better than in any 2-year period from 1995 through the year 2000. Why do I mention that time? Because the Republicans were in charge and President Clinton was the President. We have done better in less than 2 years than in any 2-year period when they were in charge. This time, 17 months of that was under Democratic control, where we set a record with the number of Senatorial confirmations of Presidential nominations.  We have reduced judicial vacancies to 48, which is the lowest percentage in more than 12 years. During the entire 8-year term of President Clinton, the Republicans never allowed the vacancy rate to get this low. We have made tremendous progress.  The Republicans continue their drumbeat of political recriminations. We ought to talk about how far we have come with the 110 vacancies Democrats inherited from the Republican majority in the summer of 2001. We have cut those vacancies in half.  Under the Republican majority, circuit vacancies more than doubled and overall vacancies increased significantly. Despite the fact that more than 40 additional vacancies have arisen since the summer of 2001, we have cut those vacancies by more than in half, from 110 to 48. If we had a little bit of cooperation from the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue and from the other side of the aisle, we could achieve so much more.  This is a nomination that should not have been made in the first place and never should have been remade in the second place. It was rejected by the Judiciary Committee last year after a fair hearing and extensive and thoughtful substantive consideration. I think the White House would rather play politics with judicial nominations than solve problems. This unprecedented renomination of a person voted down by the Senate Judiciary Committee is proof of that.  I thank the Democratic leader, the assistant leader, and my Democratic colleagues who have spoken so eloquently and passionately to these matters. Particularly the statements of Senators Mikulski, Murray, Cantwell, and Stabenow yesterday were outstanding.  This nomination is extreme. This nominee has shown herself to be a judicial activist and extremist even on the very conservative Texas Supreme Court where her conservative colleagues have criticized her judgements as activist. They have done it not once, not twice but again and again.  The nomination process starts with the President. It is high time for the White House to stop the partisanship and campaign rhetoric. Work with us not to divide us but to unite us, and work with us to ensure the independence and impartiality of the Federal judiciary, something that Presidents have cherished for over 200 years, so that all the American people, whether they are Republicans or Democrats, rich, poor, White, Black, plaintiff or defendant, can go into every Federal courtroom across the country and know that they will receive a fair hearing and justice under the law; that they will come into the one place that is supposed to be impartial, the one place that is supposed to be nonpolitical, the one place that is supposed to look only at the litigants and the law, and so they will not go instead into a politicized, partisan Federal judiciary. That would be a mistake that would hurt us all and that is what we are trying to avoid now.  How much time is remaining on this side?  