139, the Climate Stewardship Act. I am pleased that the Senate is finally going to have an open and honest discussion about climate change, greenhouse emissions, global warming and their effects on the Nation and the world. It is clear that it is time for the Senate to act and pass this important legislation.  Climate change and global warming could cause grave problems to our Nation's economy, especially the economy of the Northeast. The economy of my home State of Vermont relies heavily on the revenue brought in from the maple, forest and ski industries. Maple syrup production is a major source of revenue in Vermont and there could be a dramatic loss of maple production in Vermont and the rest of the Northeast if fuel emissions continue to go unchecked.  There are about 2,000 maple farms in my home State, and most of them are family-owned businesses. Many if not all of these farms could suffer from a decrease in maple sugar income, and eventually they could lose their farms altogether. I have heard from many maple producers from my State who say they are tapping trees earlier every year. It used to be that Vermonters were tapping their trees around Town Meeting Day, the first Tuesday in March. Now, some are forced to tap a month earlier, during the first week in February. According to a report done by U.S. Office of Science and Technology Policy, sugar maple could eventually recede from all U.S. regions but the northern tip of Maine by 2100. This is unacceptable, but it is also preventable, and that is why the Senate should pass the Climate Stewardship Act of 2003.  One maple syrup producer from Vermont has become so concerned about the negative effects of global warming that he has joined a lawsuit against the Export Import Bank and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. The plaintiffs in this case claim that these companies have illegally provided more than $32 billion for overseas oil fields, pipelines, and coal-fired power plants over the past 10 years without assessing their impact on global warming as required by law. The plaintiffs are not seeking financial compensation, only compliance with the National Environment Policy Act, which requires all Federal agencies to assess their programs' contributions to global warming.  Vermont also relies on revenue from the ski industry. Vermonters and others from all over the country enjoy the ski resorts in Vermont. There is a strong relationship between winter skiing conditions, the number of customers, and whether a ski resort has a successful or unsuccessful ski season. Vermont resort operators have already had to make improvements to snowmaking technology to ensure there is enough snow for the entire ski season. This can cost resorts hundreds of thousands of dollars. Warmer weather also means the resorts open later. In 2001, Killington Ski Resort, the largest ski resort in Vermont recorded its latest opening date in more than 15 years.  Many ski resorts across the country are doing their part to slow global warming. Four ski resorts in Vermont: Haystack Ski Area, Killington and Pico Resorts, Mad River Glen, and Mount Snow Resort have all adopted a policy on climate change to address the problem of global warming. Mount Snow Resort has cut energy consumption in half at the Main Base Lodge and Snow Lake Lodge by replacing hundreds of conventional light bulbs with compact fluorescents. They have also installed dozens of energy-efficient snowmaking tower guns, which reduce the energy needed to pump water and compressed air. I commend the efforts of these ski lodges and I believe that we should act today and do our part to reduce global warming.  I have two grandchildren a 5-year-old grandson and a granddaughter who is not quite a year old. I want them to be able to enjoy Vermont as I have: snow-covered Green Mountains in the winter, beautiful foliage in the fall, and Vermont maple syrup on pancakes as often as they please. It is time the U.S. took action to curb our greenhouse gas emissions. We can no longer look the other way as the rest of the world moves ahead while the current administration ignores global warming.  