President, I rise today in support of the Dorgan-Leahy amendment. This amendment tries to get at the heart of two interconnected problems that are literally wiping out countries in sub-Saharan Africa. Famine and AIDS.  This amendment directs the Secretary of Agriculture to use the authorities of the Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) to provide $250 million in desperately needed food aid to HIV/AIDS victims in sub-Saharan Africa and other developing countries. Moreover, it allows the administration to sell this food aid and use the money to purchase drugs, medical equipment, and other supplies to help combat HIV/AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa.  In other words, this amendment takes a small step in addressing two of the most critical problems on the African continent.  We have all seen the pictures and heard the statistics about AIDS in Africa. But, let me take just a moment to reiterate a couple of points. According to the Congressional Research Service, about 30 million adults and children are infected with the HIV virus in Africa. As of 2001, an estimated 21.5 million Africans had died of AIDS, including 2.2 million who died in that year. AIDS is now the leading cause of death in Africa.  At the same time AIDS is ravaging the continent, a famine has placed more than 40 million Africans at risk of starvation. Men, women, and children of all ages of all religions are dying, because they cannot get enough to eat.  There is a direct connection between HIV/AIDS and malnourishment. The House bill recognizes that fact. Let me read to you one section--and I am quoting: ``Healthy and nutritious foods for individuals infected or living with HIV/AIDS are an important complement in HIV/AIDS medicines for such individuals.'' The bill goes on to say: ``Individuals infected with HIV have higher nutritional requirements than individuals who are not infected with HIV . . . Also, there is evidence to suggest that the full benefit of therapy to treat HIV/AIDS may not be achieved in individuals who are malnourished . . .''  There are plenty of statistics, medical studies, and reports. But, it is common sense. When people are starving, its harder for their bodies to fight the HIV/AIDS virus.  We know that HIV/AIDS is the worst public health crisis in human history. We see 40 million people at risk of starvation in Africa. We need to do something about it right now.  To be sure, H.R. 1298 is an important bill and it is a good start at taking action. But there is a gaping hole in this bill--resources. This bill does not appropriate one dime of money to address this problem. Let me repeat that. This bill does not appropriate one dime of money to address AIDS or famine in Africa.  As I have said over and over, we can have the best policies in the world, butif we don't have the money to back them up, our policies simply will not be effective.  I am a member of the Appropriations Committee. I have seen the President's budget request for P.L. 480 food aid. Is there an increase to effectively deal with this problem? No. The President's budget decreases food aid by $574 million. That is a 32 percent cut from last year's level.  More importantly, the funds we do provide in the fiscal year 2004 budget won't be available for months. We don't have months. By then, the problem will have gotten worse. More people will have died. We need to break this cycle. That is exactly what this amendment does. It tells the Secretary of Agriculture to use existing authorities to provide $250 million in food aid for HIV/AIDS affected populations in sub-Saharan Africa.  We are not giving the Secretary of Agriculture any new authority. The CCC can already provide $30 billion to support agricultural programs--both here and abroad. This amendment simply says that we should use less than 1 percent of this authority to combat the worst public health crisis in human history.  We all know that we need to act for humanitarian reasons. But, we should not forget that there are important national security reasons for taking action to address AIDS and famine in Africa. For example, CIA Director Tenent testified that ``[t]he chronic problems of sub-Saharan Africa make it, too, fertile ground for direct and indirect threats to United States interests. Governments without accountability and natural disasters have left Africa with the highest concentration of human misery in the world''.  This should not be a hard amendment to support. Each and every Senator has already essentially expressed his or her support for this amendment. Let me explain.  During Senate consideration of the fiscal year 2003 Omnibus Appropriations bill, Senator Bill Nelson and I offered a bipartisan amendment to add $500 million in emergency food aid to sub-Saharan Africa. The amendment was accepted by the Senate, but was reduced by the House to $250 million in the conference committee.  My amendment simply directs to Secretary of Agriculture to use the authorities of the Credit Commodity Corporation to restore this $250 million that the Senate supported but the House eliminated in conference.  I want to remind people that this $500 million figure was not picked out of the air. It was based on an assessment by humanitarian organizations with field operations in Africa. More importantly, this figure represents the U.S. share of what is needed to combat this problem. In other words, it doesn't let other donors off the hook.  I would point out that the Dorgan-Leahy amendment has a wide range of support from international relief organizations--from Catholic Relief Services to Oxfam to the International Rescue Committee. In addition, agricultural organizations, as represented by the Coalition for Food Aid, supports this amendment.  This is not a partisan issue. One has to look no further than Republican Representative Frank Wolf's op-ed in Sunday's Washington Post on this very issue. It is, however, a security issue. It is a humanitarian issue. It is a moral issue.  The AIDS pandemic in Africa is out of control. A famine threatens the lives of 40 million people. We need to act. We need to act now. We need to provide real resources. This amendment does all of these things.  