Let me finish these comments, and then I will yield on the time of the Senator from Utah.  In this case, it appears to me that the White House really wants to play politics. They could end this debate today if they wanted to. They can make these papers available so that Miguel Estrada can be asked questions based on them. Miguel Estrada has said under oath that he is perfectly willing to answer the questions, but the White House told him he is not allowed to. Once they are willing to, let us have a hearing and then let us go forward on questions based on what is in there.  The administration, however, seems to believe that somehow the Senate is their own unit to be used for whatever type of politicking they want. They renominated Judge Charles Pickering despite his ethical lapses. They renominated Justice Priscilla Owen despite her record as a conservative activist judge and after being rejected by the Judiciary Committee. Both of these nominees were rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee after fair hearings and open debate last year. Sending these renominations to the Senate is unprecedented. No judicial nominee who has been voted down in Committee has ever been renominated to the same position by the President. The White House in tandem with the new Republican majority in the Senate is choosing these battles over nominations purposefully. Dividing rather than uniting has become their modus operandi.  Among the consequences of this partisan strategy is that for the last month, the Senate has been denied by the Republican leadership meaningful debate on the situation in Iraq. I commend Senator Byrd, Senator Kennedy and the other Senators on both sides of the aisle who have nonetheless sought to have the Senate fulfill its constitutional role as a forum for debate and careful consideration of our nation's foreign policy in accordance with the shared power provided in the Constitution. The decision by the Republican Senate majority to focus on controversial nominations rather than the international situation or the economy says much about their mistaken priorities. The Republican majority sets the agenda and they schedule the debate, just as they have here this morning.  Among the consequences of this partisan strategy, of course, what has happened by the Republican scheduling of debate on this nomination is we don't have sufficient time to debate the Iraq situation. We don't talk about war in Iraq even though there is great division in this country. We don't talk about an administration which inherited the largest surplus any administration has ever inherited. The Clinton administration left the largest budget surplus to this administration than any administration ever had, and now Republicans are creating the largest deficit in history. The Clinton administration created a million new jobs a year. This administration is losing a million jobs a year. But if the Republican controlled Senate continues to schedule debate on Miguel Estrada, they will not have to talk about that.  That kind of tells me why they are doing this. Here is the greatest deliberative body in the world, and we don't have a debate on the war in Iraq. The Canadian Parliament does. The British Parliament does. The U.S. Senate does not.  I would be willing to yield to the Senator from Utah on his time.  