President, tonight the Senate will vote to confirm Judge Gregory Lynn Frost to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. This will be the 105th confirmation of a lifetime Federal judicial appointment by President George W. Bush, the fifth so far this year. He is also the second District Court nominee confirmed for Ohio this year, following the confirmation of Judge Adams to the District Court for the Northern District last month, and the third within the last year. Last May, the Senate also confirmed Judge Thomas Rose to the vacancy on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. With the confirmations of Judge Frost, we will have filled all of the vacancies on the Federal trial courts in Ohio.  Federal judicial vacancies remain under the level--67--that Senator Hatch termed ``full employment'' in the Federal courts during the years before 2000 when President Clinton's nominees were being considered by the Republican majority in the Senate at a rate of 38 per year. Of course, last year the Democratic Senate majority proceeded to bring vacancies down by confirming 72 of President Bush's nominations, a rate almost double that maintained when the roles were reversed.  Judge Frost currently serves the people of Ohio as a Licking County Court Judge in Newark, Ohio. Judge Frost is a graduate of Wittenberg University (B.A. 1971) and Ohio Northern University Law School (J.D. 1974). He is strongly supported by Senator DeWine, who shepherded this nomination through the Judiciary Committee and now to the Senate floor for prompt consideration.  After graduating from law school, Frost was appointed to be an Assistant Prosecuting Attorney for the Licking County Prosecuting Attorney's Office. In 1978, Frost joined the law firm of Schaller, Frost, Hostetter & Campbell in Newark, Ohio as a partner. He was appointed in 1979 by Mayor Chet Geller to be an Ohio Civil Service Commission clerk. In the early 1980's, he was elected a Licking Counting Municipal Court Judge. In 1990, Judge Frost was elected to a 6-year term on the Licking County Common Pleas Court and has been reelected twice, most recently in November 2002. According to this Senate Questionnaire, he has no experience in Federal court.  Judge Frost is a current or former member of numerous charitable, civic and social organizations. Judge Frost is also a current member of the Newark Elks Club, which currently bases membership on being ``a citizen of the United States over the age of 21 who believes in God.'' Judge Frost states in his Senate Questionnaire that, for four years, he had been a member of the Newark Elks Club, along with the Newark Moose Lodge and Newark Maennerchor, however, he states that, ``when it became apparent that those organizations discriminated against women in their membership practices, I resigned. In 2000, I was asked to re-apply for membership in the Newark Elks Lodge. I advised that organization that I could not subscribe to their membership tenets as a result of their continued discrimination against women. In part, because of my position on this issue, I am proud to say that the Newark Elks Lodge has changed its practices and now permits women as full members.'' Judge Frost belongs to the Moundbuilders Country Club, a private golf club that does not discriminate in its membership.  The Committee received a letter of support for Judge Frost from the Ohio Employment Lawyers Association, a nonprofit organization that represents individual employees concerning employment and labor matters. The Ohio Employment Lawyers Association writes that Judge Frost ``is an example of how a jurist should set aside personal and partisan political beliefs to provide justice.'' Supporters of Judge Frost's nomination to the District Court also include the Ohio Academy of Trial Lawyers and Peter W. Hahn, a Democrat who has practiced before Judge Frost, writes that ``Judge Frost has the unique ability and temperament to adjudicate complex cases while maintaining civil and professional decorum both inside the courtroom and in chambers.''  I congratulate Judge Frost and his wife on his confirmation.  I ask for the yeas and nays.  