President, today, we vote to confirm John A. Woodcock, Jr. to a lifetime appointment on the United States District Court for the District of Maine. With this confirmation we will have helped fill the sole vacancy on that court. That vacancy, which arose early this year when Judge Carter took senior status, is important to the people of Maine and New England. I have been glad to work with the Senators from Maine to expedite the confirmation of this nominee and provide bipartisan support. I congratulate the nominee and his family.  The Senate has now confirmed 132 judges nominated by President Bush, including 26 circuit court judges. One hundred judicial nominees were confirmed when Democrats acted as the Senate majority for 17 months from the summer of 2001 to adjournment last year. After today, 32 will have been confirmed in the other 12 months in which Republicans have controlled the confirmation process under President Bush. This total of 132 judges confirmed for President Bush is more confirmations than the Republicans allowed President Clinton in all of 1995, 1996 and 1997--the first 3 years they controlled the Senate process for President Clinton. In those 3 full years, the Republican leadership in the Senate allowed only 111 judicial nominees to be confirmed, which included only 18 circuit judges. We have already exceeded that total by 19 percent and the circuit court total by 40 percent with 6 months remaining to us this year. In truth, we have achieved all this in less than 2 years because of the delays in organizing and reorganizing the Senate in 2001. The Judiciary Committee was not even reassigned until July 10, 2001, so we have now confirmed 132 judges in less than 2 years.  In the first half of this year, the 32 confirmations is more than Republicans allowed to be confirmed in the entire 1996 session, when only 17 district court judges were added to the Federal courts across the nation. In the first half of this year, with 9 circuit court confirmations, we have already exceeded the average of 7 per year achieved by Republican leadership from 1995 through the early part of 2001. That is more circuit court confirmations in 6 months than Republicans allowed confirmed in the entire 1996 session, in which there were none confirmed; in all of 1997, when there were 7 confirmed; in all of 1999, when there were 7 confirmed; or in all of 2000, when there were 8 confirmed. The Senate has now achieved more in fewer than 6 full months for President Bush than Republicans used to allow the Senate to achieve in 4 of the 6 full years they were in control of the Senate when President Clinton was making judicial nominations. We are moving two to three times faster for this President's nominees, despite the fact that the current appellate court nominees are more controversial, divisive and less widely-supported than President Clinton's appellate court nominees were.  If the Senate did not confirm another judicial nominee all year and simply adjourned today, we would have treated President Bush more fairly and would have acted on more of his judicial nominees than Republicans did for President Clinton in 1995-97 or the period 1996-99. In addition, the vacancies on the Federal courts around the country are significantly lower than the 80 vacancies Republicans left at the end of 1997 or the 110 vacancies that Democrats inherited in the summer of 2001. We continue well below the 67 vacancy level that Senator Hatch used to call ``full employment'' for the Federal judiciary. Indeed we have reduced vacancies to their lowest level in the last 13 years. So while unemployment has continued to climb for Americans to 6.1 percent last month, the Senate has helped lower the vacancy rate in Federal courts to an historically low level that we have not witnessed in over a decade. Of course, the Senate is not adjourning for the year and the Judiciary Committee continues to hold hearings for Bush judicial nominees at between two and four times as many as it did for President Clinton's.  For those who are claiming that Democrats are blockading this President's judicial nominees, this is another example of how quickly and easily the Senate can act when we proceed cooperatively with consensus nominees. The Senate's record fairly considered has been outstanding--especially when contrasted with the obstruction of President Clinton's moderate judicial nominees by Republicans between 1996 and 2001.  