President, it is interesting, before I came to the Senate, I recall seeing headlines saying the Congress passed an authorization to do this or an authorization to do that; $100 million to improve the environment somewhere, authorized $1 billion to do this. It was not until I got here that I realized that does not do anything. We could authorize $5 trillion for polio vaccine tonight, but if we did not appropriate some money, it is nothing.  In ``Henry IV,'' Part I--if the Senator from West Virginia were here, he could set me--Part I, Act 3, Scene 1, we all remember that scene very well.  Glyndower says to Hotspur: I can call spirits from the vasty deep.  Hotspur answers: Why, so can I, so can any man; But will they come when you call for them?  We have authorized the money and the President and everybody else had wonderful speeches. I commended him, praising him. He met with all the various religious leaders and everyone else and went to Africa and talked about what we have promised. That was the authorization.  Now it is time to call for the money from the vasty deep. We can find $87 billion we had to send immediately to Iraq with absolutely no indication of whether the capacity was there to spend it when questions were asked. They were never answered. Included were items such as $6,000 telephones that could be bought for $600 in neighboring countries, and so on. But we just told them, we will build the capacity.  What the Durbin amendment, combined with the DeWine amendment--and I was a cosponsor of the DeWine amendment as I am of the Durbin amendment--if you put them together, then we do fulfill the commitment that the President of the United States very rightly said this country would do.  I have traveled to Africa. I have traveled to Haiti, Vietnam, China, and elsewhere. I have seen how AIDS is spreading. Other Senators on both sides of the aisle have seen the same. When you see that these additional funds can be effectively used, we have to ramp up. In all my travels, all my conversations with foreign leaders and public health experts, I have never met anyone who believes the money provided by this amendment could not be well spent today, not a year from now.  I have seen some of the vaccines that some companies donate, just about at their expiration date. Then they take a full tax writeoff even though it will not be used.  Everyone who is working in the field to stop AIDS believes we need the additional funds today.  That is why I praised the President when he promised them. That is why I will support the senior Senator from Illinois tonight to help in carrying out the promise that President Bush made.  You cannot argue $3 billion is too much to spend effectively in combating AIDS in 14 countries. That is not what the United States Leadership Against Aids Act says. Besides, why limit our efforts to 14 countries when five times that many countries are being ravaged by AIDS? Why ignore the other two dozen countries in Africa? Why ignore Russia or China or India where AIDS is spreading out of control? India is going to swamp virtually everywhere else with an AIDS crisis the way it is spreading. China, Russia, we have strategic interests there.  It is a false argument to say we cannot do this. Frankly, when you are the wealthiest nation on Earth, the most powerful nation on Earth, I believe it is an immoral argument. It is not just a fact that we in the United States are threatened by the spread of AIDS in other countries. We actually have a chance to do something about it. We have a chance to do something about it in countries where the yearly income is less than some of us have spent on an evening out with dinner, a show with our spouses; actually, where a yearly income is less than we spend on the time it takes for us to have this debate in most places.  It is in the 14 countries. If we could isolate AIDS to 14 countries, we should sing ``Glory, Hallelujah.'' We cannot. There are dozens of countries that need help, that need to have people trained. We should provide the equipment to support a national prevention and treatment program. Ask anyone who is working those countries. They will tell you.  To argue that we do not have the capacity is not based on fact. It is not based on reality. It is not based on public health. I worry that argument is made because they do not want to spend the money. We are spending an awful lot more money to fight AIDS today than if we faced up to this problem two decades ago, but people did not want to. We wasted two decades. Twenty-five million people died in part because we and others failed to act. People died during that time. It is a population equal to 50 times my own State. Actually it is in population about 50 times the State of the distinguished Presiding Officer.  I commend the Senator from Illinois. I wish the White House would not oppose this amendment. What the Senator from Illinois is trying to do is to call them from the deep, call up the money to back up what the President has promised. The President has been rightly praised by religious leaders, by heads of state, by well-known entertainers such as my good friend Bono, from Ireland, for promising this money. So the White House should not stop us now that they have had the praise, now that everyone has stood up and said the President was right. Now we should not have the White House coming in through the backdoor and saying, don't vote for the money. We want to make the promise. We do not want to spend the money.  I hope everyone will stop and think. We could spend this money. The President was right to promise it. We are right to back the President's promise.  