President, today the Senate has begun an extraordinary, actually unprecedented, debate to reconsider the nomination of Priscilla Owen to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. In the history of the country, there has never been a time when a President has resubmitted a circuit court nominee already rejected by the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee for the same vacancy. Until 4 weeks ago, never before had the Judiciary Committee rejected its own decision on such a nominee and granted a second hearing. We have a case where the Senate Judiciary Committee, having decided not to give even one hearing to President Clinton's nominees to the Fifth Circuit from Texas, Enrique Moreno and Jorge Rangel, in fact having decided not to give a satisfactory hearing to President Bush's nominees to the DC and Sixth Circuits, John Roberts and Deborah Cook, the committee nonetheless proceeded with another hearing for Justice Owen.  It is unprecedented both in its procedures but also in its political partisanship.  What did we learn in that second hearing? We learned that given some time, Justice Owen was able to enlist the help of the talented lawyers working at the White House and the Department of Justice in their political arm to come up with some new justification for her activism. We learned that given six months to reconsider the severe criticism directed at her by her Republican colleagues, she still admits no error. Mostly, I think we learned that the objections expressed last September were sincerely held then, they are sincerely held now. Nothing Justice Owen amplified about her record--indeed, nothing anyone else tried to explain about her record--actually changed her record.  In September, when we considered this nomination in the committee the first time, I said I was proud the Democrats and some Republicans had kept to the merits of the nomination and chose not to vilify or castigate or unfairly characterize and condemn without basis Senators working conscientiously to fulfill their constitutional responsibility.  After hearing some of the ugly things that were subsequently said at that business meeting, some of the accusations made against my colleagues and those interested citizens across the country who expressed opposition to Justice Owen's nomination, I was sorely disappointed that some in the Senate had not kept solely to the merits.  I continue to believe what Senator Feinstein said that day is true. By doing its job on the nomination, by exercising due diligence, by examining records, by not just rubber stamping every nominee the President sent us, the Judiciary Committee showed itself to be alive and well.  We confirmed the overwhelming majority of the President's judicial nominees, 100 out of 103 considered while I was chairman--incidentally, setting an all-time speed record. We took the time to look at their records. We gave each person who was nominated to this lifetime seat on the Federal bench the scrutiny he or she deserved. We did not have the assembly line which seems to be in overdrive since this last Congress took over.  The rush to judgment on so many of the nominees before us does not change the fact that we fully and fairly considered the nomination of Priscilla Owen last year. The record was sufficient when we voted last year. It did not need any setting straight.  I voted ``no'' the last time this nomination was before us. In sharp contrast to the record of the district court nominee Cormac Carney who was just confirmed by the Senate--he came to us with strong bipartisan support--Justice Priscilla Owen is a nominee whose record is too extreme in the context of the very conservative Texas Supreme Court. Her nomination presents a number of areas of serious concern to me.  The first area is her extremism even among a conservative Supreme Court of Texas. The conservative Republican majority of the Texas Supreme Court has gone out of its way to criticize Justice Owen, the dissents she wrote and the dissents she joined in ways that are highly unusual, and highlight not a law-oriented activism but an ends-oriented activism.  A number of justices on the Texas Supreme Court have pointed out how far from the language of statutes she has strayed in her attempts to legislate from the bench, to go far beyond what the legislature intended.  One example is a majority opinion in a case called Weiner v. Wasson. In this case, Justice Owen wrote a dissent advocating a ruling against a medical malpractice plaintiff, a plaintiff who was injured while he was still a minor. The issue was the constitutionality of a Texas State law requiring minors to file medical malpractice actions before reaching the age of majority or risk being outside the statute of limitations. Of interest is the majority's discussion of the importance of abiding by a prior Texas Supreme Court decision, a decision that was now stare decisis, unanimously striking down a previous version of the statute.  In what reads as a lecture to the dissent, one of the very respected members of the Texas Supreme Court, then-Justice John Cornyn, explains on behalf of the majority:       Generally, we adhere to our precedents for reasons of      efficiency, fairness and legitimacy. First, if we did not      follow our own decisions, no issue could ever be considered      resolved. The potential volume of speculative relitigation      under such circumstances alone ought to persuade us that      stare decisis is a sound policy. Secondly, we should give due      consideration to the settled expectations of litigants like      Emmanuel Wasson, who have justifiably relied on the      principles articulated in the previous case. . . . Finally,      under our form of government, the legitimacy of the judiciary      rests in large part upon a stable and predictable      decisionmaking process that differs dramatically from that      properly employed by the political branches of government.  That Justice Cornyn sure knows how to write. He did a great job on this one. Now, I may not agree with him on all other things, I may not even agree with him on the issue before us now, but I sure agree with his decision there.  Actually, I speak of it as being a conservative Supreme Court. In the 30 years I was practicing, we had a pretty conservative Supreme Court in Vermont, and I suspect they would have written the same thing. I suspect most supreme courts would have written the same lines about stare decisis. I do not think that is a case whether one is conservative or liberal on their supreme court. I suspect we could go through all 50 States, whether it is Wyoming, Vermont, Texas, or anywhere else, and find similar language.  The Republican majority on the Texas Supreme Court followed precedent. They followed stare decisis.  In Montgomery Independent School District v. Davis, Justice Owen wrote another dissent which drew fire from a conservative Republican majority, this time for her disregard for legislative language. In a challenge by a teacher who did not receive reappointment to her position, the majority found the school board had exceeded its authority when it disregarded the Texas Education Code and tried to overrule a hearing examiner's decision on the matter. Justice Owen's dissent advocated for an interpretation contrary to the language of the applicable statute.  The majority, which included Alberto Gonzales, now counsel at the White House, and two other appointees of then-Governor Bush, was quite explicit about the view that Justice Owen's position disregarded the law:       The dissenting opinion misconceives the hearing examiner's      role in the . . . process by stating that the hearing      examiner ``refused'' to make findings on the evidence the      Board relies on to support its additional findings. As we      explained above, nothing in the statute requires the hearing      examiner to make findings on matters of which he is      unpersuaded.  The majority also noted the dissenting opinion's misconception, speaking of Justice Owen's opinion:       The dissenting opinion's misconception of the hearing      examiner's role stems from its disregard of the procedural      elements the Legislature established in subchapter F to      ensure that the hearing-examiner process is fair and      efficient for both teachers and school boards. The      Legislature maintained local control by giving school boards      alone the option to choose the hearing-examiner process in      nonrenewal proceedings. . . . By resolving conflicts in      disputed evidence, ignoring credibility issues, and      essentially stepping into the shoes of the factfinder to      reach a specific result, the dissenting opinion not only      disregards the procedural limitations in the statute but      takes a position even more extreme than that argued for by      the board. . . .  Then we have Collins v. Ison-Newsome, another case where a dissent, joined by Justice Owen, was roundly criticized by the Republican majority of the Texas Supreme Court. The court cogently stated a legal basis for its conclusion that they had no jurisdiction to decide the matter before it, and as in other opinions where Justice Owen was in dissent, took time to explicitly criticize the dissent's position contrary to the clear letter of the law.  At issue was whether the Supreme Court had the proper ``conflicts jurisdiction'' to hear the interlocutory appeal of school officials being sued for defamation. The majority explained that it did not because published lower court decisions do not create the necessary conflict between themselves. The arguments put forth by the dissent, in which Justice Owen joined, offended the majority, and they made their views known, writing:       The dissenting opinion agrees that ``because this is an      interlocutory appeal . . . this Court's jurisdiction is      limited,'' but then argues for the exact opposite      proposition. . . . This argument defies the Legislature's      clear and express limits on our jurisdiction. . . . The      author of the dissenting opinion has written previously that      we should take a broader approach to the conflicts-     jurisdiction standard. But a majority of the Court continues      to abide by the Legislature's clear limits on our      interlocutory-appeal jurisdiction.  Listen to what they said. Justice Owen says because this is an interlocutory, the appeals court's jurisdiction is limited, but as the majority point out, she then argued for the exact opposite proposition.  They go on to say, ``[W]e cannot simply ignore the legislative limits on our jurisdiction. . . .''  She was defiant of legislative intent, a total disregard of legislatively drawn limits.  I agree with what President Bush said during the campaign, he wanted people who would interpret the law on courts and not make the law. We have someone here who, time and again, substitutes her judgment for the legislature's judgment. In fact, she wants to be both the legislature and the judiciary.  You can be one or the other. You cannot be both, not in our system of government.  We are already saddled with an activist Supreme Court, the U.S. Supreme Court. We are creating more activist courts of appeals. This is someone who fits into the absolute motto of being an activist judge.  Frankly, I am opposed to the idea of having activists judges either on the liberal side or the conservative side. I want judges who interpret the law who do not make the law, justices who are fair and open to all litigants. I want litigants to be able to walk into a courtroom and look at the judge and say, it really does not make any difference whether I am plaintiff, defendant, rich, poor, liberal, conservative,what political party I belong to, what color I am, what religion I practice, that judge will hear my case fairly. That judge will either rule with me or rule against me but it will be based on the facts and the law before the judge and not because of their particular ideology or their particular bent or their desire to substitute themselves and their opinion, either for the executive or for the legislative branch of Government.  Some of the most striking examples of criticism of Justice Owen's writings, or the dissents and concurrences she joins, come in a series of parental notification cases heard in 2000.  In the case of Jane Doe I, the majority included an extremely unusual section explaining the proper role of judges, admonishing the dissent joined by Justice Owen for going beyond its duty to interpret the law in an attempt to fashion policy. Giving a pointed critique of the dissenters, the majority explained that:       In reaching the decision of granting Jane Doe's      application, we put aside our personal viewpoints and      endeavored to do our jobs as judges--that is, to interpret      and apply the Legislature's will as has been expressed in the      statute.  In a separate concurrence, Justice Alberto Gonzales wrote to construe the law as the dissent did ``would be an unconscionable act of judicial activism.''  I will speak further on this. I see the distinguished Senator from Texas, who I understand may have a differing view than I do on this nomination, and I do want to make sure he is given a chance. I will speak for a few more minutes and then yield.  I note one thing. Justice Owen has been nominated to fill a vacancy that has existed since January 1997. We are now in the year 2003. This vacancy has existed for 6 years. One might wonder why nobody was nominated during that time. Actually, they were. President Clinton first nominated Judge Jorge Rangel, a distinguished Hispanic attorney from Corpus Christi, to fill that vacancy. He had one of the highest ratings of the American Bar Association, a majority found him well qualified. He was strongly supported by so many across the political spectrum who wrote to me. It was not a question of being voted down; he was never even allowed to have a hearing.  Finally, after 15 months, out of frustration, he asked the President to withdraw his nomination. He said, if I am not going to be allowed to have a hearing, to say nothing about a vote, I am leaving.  Then September 16, 1999, 4 years ago, President Clinton nominated Enrique Moreno, another Hispanic attorney, to fill that same vacancy. This Harvard-educated lawyer also received a rating of well qualified from the ABA, and his was a unanimous well qualified.  Members may be wondering what the vote was on him. Well, there wasn't a vote. There was not even a hearing. He waited for a year and a half and never got a hearing. So both of these people were carefully rejected by not having a hearing.  For years, as I have spoken before, we needed 100 votes to get any nominee through. Unless every single Senator, every single Senator agreed, the nominee would not get a hearing. Time and time again, dozens upon dozens upon dozens of cases, every single Democratic Senator agreed they should at least have a hearing and a vote, and at least one Republican would disagree, and they would never be given a hearing. As Allen Snyder, DC Circuit, never given a vote. Elena Kagan, just named the dean of the Harvard Law School, never given a hearing or a vote; Robert Cindrich, Third Circuit, never given a hearing or a vote by the Republicans; Steven Orlofsky, Third Circuit, never given a hearing or a vote by Republicans; James Beatty in the Fourth Circuit, never given a hearing or a vote by Republicans because not all of them agreed. If one disagreed, if one objected, they were not given a hearing or a vote. Andre Davis, Fourth Circuit, never given a hearing or a vote because at least one Republican disagreed. They needed 100 votes to make it. Elizabeth Gibson, Fourth Circuit, never given a hearing or a vote because one Republican disagreed.  The Fifth Circuit, Alston Johnson, never given a hearing or a vote, because at least one Republican disagreed. Kent Markus, in the Sixth Circuit, Kathleen McCree Lewis, eminently well qualified, at least one Republican disagreed, never given hearings, never given votes. James Duffy in the Ninth Circuit, never given a hearing or a vote, because at least one Republican disagreed. And the same could be said about so many others. James Lyons in the Tenth Circuit. Interestingly enough, in the Tenth Circuit never given a hearing or a vote because one Republican disagreed, and Democrats had helped move forward somebody who many disagreed in that same circuit.  I might point out that of all these people, and so many others, there are dozens of others, but all of these had ratings of well qualified from the ABA. But at least one Republican disagreed, and if just one Republican disagreed, they were never allowed to have a hearing or a vote.  Interestingly enough, it wasn't until May of last year, in the hearing chaired by Senator Schumer, that this committee heard from any of President Clinton's three unsuccessful nominees for the Fifth Circuit. Last May, Mr. Moreno and Judge Rangel testified, along with other of President Clinton's nominees, about their treatment by the Republicans, when the Republicans were in charge of the Senate Judiciary Committee. These nominees were told by at least a couple of the members, senior members of the Republican Party, that if somebody in their caucus disagreed, that was too bad. It had nothing to do with their qualifications. They were not going to fill that vacancy.  This happened in a number of circuits, including the Fifth Circuit. In fact, when the committee held its hearing on the nomination of Judge Edith Clement to the Fifth Circuit in 2001, it was the first hearing on a Fifth Circuit nominee in 7 years. By contrast, Justice Owen was the third nomination to the Fifth Circuit on which the Judiciary Committee, under my chairmanship, held a hearing in less than 1 year. In spite of the treatment by the former Republican majority of so many moderate judicial nominees of the previous President, we proceeded last July with a hearing on Justice Owen.  So Justice Owen was the third nominee to this vacancy. She was the first to be afforded a hearing before the committee. Actually, I set that hearing. I even set the vote on a day that President Bush personally asked me to set the vote. After having set it on the day he asked me to, the political arm of the Justice Department immediately started calling all these editorial writers and others, saying: It is terrible she is being set for a vote on that day.  It was interesting. They then, as they had the right to do, put it off for several weeks, the vote. I almost wonder what the vote would have been had it been on the day the President asked to have the vote, and the day I agreed with the President to have the vote, and then was castigated by the White House for going along with what President Bush wanted. It is, with this administration, sort of: No good deed goes unpunished.  But then I think it is interesting what happened. Because after the Republicans put it off and we did not have the vote on the day the President asked, there was so much partisan politicking that went on on her behalf that I think it solidified at least a couple of votes against her on that committee. We will never know.  But, even though Republicans had blocked many of President Clinton's nominees for the Fifth Circuit, we moved forward in a hearing for Priscilla Owen. At her hearing a couple of weeks ago, her second hearing, her unprecedented hearing, the chairman was very dismissive of our concerns and our efforts to evaluate this nomination on the merits. But the irony is, she has been before this committee twice now and neither time did the explanations change the facts before us. The President has said, and I am sure all his pollsters will tell him, people agree with this, as they should, the standard for judging judicial nominees would be that they ``share a commitment to follow and apply the law, not make law from the bench.''  Everybody agrees with that. I agree with that. I don't know anybody who disagrees with that. But that is not Priscilla Owen's record. She is ready to make law and legislate from the bench.  She is not qualified for a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench. Thisis something that affects all of us, these decisions. To put somebody in a lifetime appointment like that who has already shown she is an activist judge, I think is wrong. The President spoke of judicial activism without acknowledging that ends-oriented decisionmaking can come easily to ideologically motivated nominees. In the case of Priscilla Owen, we see a perfect example of such an approach to law. I do not support that. I will not.  I am perfectly willing to consent to the confirmation of consensus, mainstream judges. I have on hundreds of occasions. When I was chairman, I did not allow the past rule--the past practice of anonymous holds. We even had a number I did not support, but brought them to a vote. When they got through the committee they came on the floor.  Justice Owen was plucked from a law firm by political consultant Karl Rove. She ran as a conservative pro-business candidate for the Texas Supreme Court. She certainly got a lot of support from the business community. Then she fulfilled her promise; she became the most conservative judge on a conservative court. She stood out for ends-oriented, extremist decisionmaking.  Now she is being asked to be placed in a lifetime appointment one step below the Supreme Court. I do not support that.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  