President, I support passage of the Homeland Security Federal Workforce Act, S. 589, and urge favorable Senate action and swift House adoption, as well. Senators Akaka and Durbin deserve great credit for developing this legislation last Congress with Senator Thompson and pursuing it to passage this year.  I share their concern that we need to do more to recruit and retain outstanding personnel in our pursuit of national security. I believe that includes our law enforcement personnel. For the last two Congresses I have sponsored the Federal Prosecutors' Retirement Benefit Equity Act, which is now S. 640. That bill, which is cosponsored by Senators Hatch, Mikulski and Durbin, would correct an inequity that exists under current law whereby Federal prosecutors receive substantially less favorable retirement benefits than nearly all others involved in the federal criminal justice system. We have proposed that Assistant United States Attorneys be included as law enforcement officers under the Federal Employees' Retirement System and Civil Service Retirement System. I urge the Republican chairs of the Government Affairs Committee and the Subcommittee on Oversight of Government Management, the Federal workforce, and the District of Columbia to make enactment of that measure a priority rather than allow it to continue to languish without action year after year.  Similarly, I am a cosponsor of the Law Enforcement Officers Retirement Equity Act, S. 819, which was introduced by Senator Mikulski and is cosponsored by Senators Sarbanes and Campbell. This measure would include Customs agents, Treasury agents, and Homeland Security agents whose duties include the investigation or apprehension of suspected or convicted individuals and who are authorized to carry a firearm within the definition of ``law enforcement officer'' for purposes of retirement benefits equity. This measure, likewise, is one that has been introduced and reintroduced but that has not received attention from the Government Affairs Committee or Subcommittee. In the interest of fairness and in recognition of the sacrifices that our officers make every day on our behalf, I urge attention to this measure.  I also note that last Congress the Senate Judiciary Committee favorably reported the Innocence Protection Act of 2002, which included provisions on student loan forgiveness. The bill would have established a program under which full-time prosecutors and public defenders could apply for repayment assistance of the Federal Stafford loans and would have extended the Perkins loan forgiveness program to include public defenders. I commend Senator Durbin for his strong leadership in these matters. Unfortunately, those improvements and encouragements to young lawyers were blocked and are not yet enacted. They need to be. We must ensure that full-time public defenders have equivalent eligibility if the public defense function is to fulfill its constitutionally required role in our criminal justice system.  Specifically, with respect to the Homeland Security Federal Workforce Act that we consider today, I believe the program it establishes for student loan repayment can be an important incentive for our national security programs and understand those to include our law enforcement agents and officers. I regret that the substitute amendment lowers the maximum amount of loan repayment from $80,000 to $60,000 but believe it is an important start and should be used broadly as an incentive to both recruit and retain our national security employees. According to Dr. Paul Light of the Brookings Institution Center for Public Service, in 2002 the Department of Justice and the Department of Defense together awarded student loan repayment to only seven employees. To have its intended effect to recruit and retain outstanding talent to government service, especially national security positions that include law enforcement, we need to have a broad-based incentive through loan forgiveness. Student loans, include law school loans, that saddle talented and public-spirited graduates are a key reason so many opt for higher paying jobs in the private sector. An effective program of student loan forgiveness can help counterbalance that pressure.  I regret that the bill as written limits its application to executive departments like the Department of Justice and does not include Federal courts, which oversee our federal public defenders. Our prosecutors and our public defenders need this assistance and incentive to join and remain as critical components of the criminal justice system. To skew programs to help only one side of the criminal justice system is shortsighted and unfair. For more information on this important topic of loan forgiveness, I urge consideration of pages 37 through 40 of Senate report 107-315.  I am concerned that the Bush administration and its Office of Personnel Management will adopt an unreasonably restrictive view of those Federal employees who contribute to our national security. As I read the substitute amendment, the determination of national security positions is left to the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Attorney General and the other agency heads. That decision no longer is intended to reside with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. That is an improvement. I hope that it will lead to a more broadly-based determination of the employment positions eligible for the student loan repayment program to include all who contribute to our national security.  I also look forward to enactment of the fellowship program provided by the bill and the strengthening of our national security workforce. I have been extremely disappointed by the efforts made at the Department of Justice to fulfil the mandates of the USA PATRIOT Act with respect to improving our workforce. As I detailed recently in connection with the confirmation hearing for the nominee to be the Deputy Attorney General, the Attorney General has yet to give us a straight answer with respect to hiring the necessary Arabic translators. That was a need I identified within days of the September 11, 2001 attacks and insisted be addressed in the PATRIOT Act. Over the last 2 years the Department has been both evasive and inconsistent in its answers regarding implementation of those provisions in that Act. Recently the FBI has, again, put out the call for assistance and additional translators. While Senator Voinovich may be correct that these provisions in the bill may be necessary, it is my hope that they will encourage the administration to do that which it could have done but has not under existing authority.  The administration has a long way to go to provide for our national security. I support this bill as another bipartisan effort by the Senate to help it along the way.  