President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the Daschle amendment providing emergency assistance to our Nation's family farmers suffering weather-related natural disaster losses in 2001 and 2002 and to oppose the Republican alternative.  The Daschle amendment offers several distinct advantages over the Republican alternative offered by Senator Cochran.  Unlike the Daschle amendment, the Republican alternative requires deep cuts in discretionary programs. And the cuts will have a dramatic impact on many Americans. This across-the-board cut would eliminate: 1,175 FBI Agents; 490 Food Safety Inspectors; 1,600 Customs inspectors, (fewer inspectors than pre 9/11); kick 2,722 children off early childhood education, (added to original cuts totals 5,522 children); kick 224,689 women, infants and children off WIC; and leave 230,000 Veterans without medical services.  Never before has Congress insisted that emergency assistance be offset by cuts in other programs. We don't do this for hurricane relief. We shouldn't do it for drought relief.  Unlike the Daschle amendment, the Republican alternative doesn't target assistance to those who suffered from a disaster. In fact, it pays producers who did not suffer a disaster.  Historically, producers must show that they personally suffered a qualifying loss before receiving federal disaster assistance. But the Republican amendment does away with this important requirement.  So, under their proposal, if a single producer in a county suffers a qualifying loss, every producer in the county and every contiguous county will be eligible to receive a payment. It's wasteful and fails to ensure that those producers who really need the help get it.  Unlike the Daschle amendment, the Republican alternative fails to fully restore food assistance funds to the Section 32 account.  Back in September, the administration raided money set aside to buy food commodities for school lunches and our Nation's food banks to pay for the Livestock Compensation Program.  The payments to drought-stricken farmers were desperately needed, but the administration never should have taken these funds, which were specifically targeted for the hungry.  In his amendment, Senator Cochran recognizes the blatant unfairness of the administration's move and restored about half of the funds needed. But with our weak economy and growing food lines, now is not the time for half measures.  The Daschle amendment will put the food assistance program back on a sound financial footing, allowing soup kitchens and food banks to keep helping hungry families.  For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the Daschle amendment and to oppose the Republican alternative.  