President, today the Senate considers President Bush's nomination of Director Tom Ridge to be the first Secretary of the new Department of Homeland Security. The real question, however, is not whether the Senate will support the new Department or Director Ridge. I have no doubt that we will. Indeed, the proposal for establishing this Departmentwas born in the Senate, and both that proposal and Director Ridge have enjoyed widespread bipartisan support even during the many months that President Bush was threatening to veto any new cabinet level Department of Homeland Security.  Rather, the real question today is whether the President will continue to support the new Department with more than words, or whether having used the Senate proposal for political purposes in the last election, he will now simply disengage or move on to other matters.  The initial signs are not good. Even as we debate the confirmation of Director Ridge, the administration is trying to push through Congress a massive tax cut that will benefit most the wealthiest Americans at the same time as massive spending cuts in vital homeland security measures. These reductions include slashing grants to state and local first responders as well as cutting FBI agents and FBI computer upgrades. These are key homeland security measures.  When we voted to establish the new Department of Homeland Security, I warned that it would not be enough to just shift agencies from one building to another or to rewrite some boxes on an organizational flow chart. While reorganization was a good first step, I warned that reform was what was needed, and it still is.  Reform is a much more difficult task than reorganization. It takes persistence and hard work, and reform cannot be accomplished by one branch of government or one party working unilaterally. True and successful reform will require us to work together. It will require Republicans to work with Democrats in the Congress, and it will require the President and the new Secretary of Homeland Security to work with the Congress.  Unfortunately, the track record of the administration in working in a bipartisan manner with the Congress on the homeland security is not a good one. When Director Ridge first assumed his current position, we in the Senate were anxious to hear from him how the Administration was working to protect the homeland. In fact, the Judiciary Committee was the first Committee to invite him to testify after the 9/11 attacks. Unfortunately, for months, the administration refused to allow Director Ridge to testify and tell Congress what he was doing. The President opposed establishing a new cabinet level department in part to avoid such Congressional oversight.  That position changed only after congressional oversight highlighted the problems at our agencies charged with protecting our domestic security from international terrorists. I remember well the day when the President reversed his position and decided to support a new Department of Homeland Security. It was on the morning of June 6, 2002, when the Judiciary Committee was holding nationally televised hearings highlighting the testimony of FBI whistleblower Coleen Rowley, who was selected as one of Time Magazine's ``People of the Year'' for 2002. Moments before we began our hearing, the White House announced that it would support a new department, but the President's proposal was long on rhetoric and short on details. Indeed, there was not even a written legislative proposal when the President went on television that night to talk about his welcome change of heart.  Eventually, we got a very brief legislative proposal, but the administration candidly admitted that it was a work in progress. Along with that first draft came a promise from Director Ridge, who ran the Administration's legislative effort, that ``We will work together on this.'' Director Ridge repeated that promise when he testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 26, 2002, stating that he was ``anxious to work with the Chairman and other members of the committee to assure that the concerns that [I had] raised are properly addressed.'' He assured us that ``[t]his Administration is ready to work together with you in partnership to get the job done. This is our priority, and I believe it is yours as well.''  That is precisely what we in the Senate tried to do. We negotiated in a bipartisan manner to work out our many differences on the bill. The work was not easy.  For example, I worked with my friends Senator Levin, Senator Lieberman and Senator Bennett to reach a responsible compromise on the administration's proposal to gut the Freedom of Information Act with an overly broad exemption that would have given more protection to certain information handed over by private companies and businesses than we give to classified government information. We reached a bipartisan agreement that satisfied both sides and the White House agreed to the compromise language.  I also worked with Senator Grassley to address the omission of whistleblower protections from the bill, and we crafted a bipartisan amendment to actually improve existing whistleblower protections as a homeland security measure. We also sought to include the bipartisan FBI Reform bill in the measure so that we could do more than simply move the deck chairs around in the homeland security measure. There were many examples of such bipartisan efforts to address real problems in our Nation's domestic security and improve on the administration's bill.  Unfortunately, in the end, the administration did not keep the promise to ``work together'' on the homeland security bill. Instead, the final bill was written by a small group of Republicans, working in secret with the administration. The bill was quickly rammed through the House, which promptly adjourned so that no compromise or debate could occur between the two chambers. Our bipartisan FOIA agreement was jettisoned and the overly broad administration proposal was inserted. The administration's new FOIA-gutting law also for the first time makes it a crime for any Federal Government employee, including Members of Congress and their staffs, to leak or disclose any private business information that the business wants to keep secret. Is this an effort to crimp congressional oversight and control the flow of information to the American people? We will see how this administration wields this new power.  The bipartisan FBI Reform Act was omitted from the administration's Homeland Security bill entirely. The bipartisan amendment strengthening whistleblower protections was also left out so that current whistleblower protection, with all of its flaws, simply applies to the new Department. These protections will mean nothing without vigorous enforcement of these laws by the administration. The leadership of the new Department and the Office of Special Counsel must work to encourage a culture that does not punish whistleblowers, and the Congress, including the Judiciary Committee, must continue to vigorously oversee the new and other administrative departments to make sure that this happens. I appreciate Director Ridge's comments at last Friday's hearing before the Governmental Affairs Committee when he stated, ``there's specific language in the statute that reminds the secretary and reminds everyone associated with the new Department that there shall be no reprisals for legitimate whistleblower activity.''  Gone too were other protections for the federal employees who have spent the last year and a half of their lives protecting our country against terrorist attack. Inserted, instead of these important security measures, were pet provisions benefitting Eli Lilly and Texas A, to name a few.  And now we hear a familiar promise. ``Don't worry. We will work together to reform.'' We will work to ``clarify'' the protections for vital whistleblowers; work to ensure that the best federal workers don't leave the Department; work to make sure that the INS operates better and that the FBI reforms itself.  I only hope that, once he is confirmed, Secretary Ridge will work with us in a bipartisan manner.  Our best defense against terrorism is improved communication and coordination among local, State, and Federal authorities; and between the U.S. and its allies. Through these efforts, led by the Federal Government and with the active assistance of many others in other levels of government and in the private sector, we can enhance our prevention efforts, improve our response mechanisms, and at the same time ensure that funds allotted for protection against terrorism are being used most effectively. Indeed, Governor Ridgestated at the hearing before the Governmental Affairs Committee last Friday that ``all 50 states and territories have appointed homeland security advisers that participate regularly in meetings at the White House and in bimonthly conference calls with the Office of Homeland Security.'' I appreciate that the local officials of Vermont will have a ``single entry point to address many of the homeland security concerns.''  At the same time that the Department of Homeland Security works to protect the safety of Americans, it is essential that Secretary Ridge makes sure to protect the freedoms of Americans. Recent press reports have warned that the Department will turn into a ``supersnoop's dream'' because it will allow creation of a huge centralized grand database containing a dossier or profile of private transactions and communications that each American has had within the private sector and with the government. Indeed, in section 201, the bill authorizes a new Directorate for Information Analysis and Infrastructure Protection to collect and integrate information from government and private sector entities and to ``establish and utilize . . . data-mining and other advanced analytical tools.'' In addition, in section 307, the bill authorizes $500,000,000 next year to be spent by a new Homeland Security Advanced Research Projects Agency, HSARPA, to make grants to develop new surveillance and other technologies for use in detecting, preventing and responding to homeland security threats.  We do not want the Federal Government to become the proverbial ``big brother'' while every local police and sheriff's office or foreign law enforcement agency to become ``little brothers.'' How much information should be collected, on what activities and on whom, and then shared under what circumstances, are all important questions that should be answered with clear guidelines understandable by all Americans and monitored by Congress, in its oversight role, and by court review to curb abuses.  I appreciate Director Ridge's promise at last Friday's Governmental Affairs' Committee hearing that ``[a]ny new data-mining techniques or programs to enhance information sharing and collecting must and will respect the civil rights and civil liberties guaranteed to the American people under our Constitution.''  The reorganization is done, but the hard work of reform lies ahead. The FBI, the INS, and other important government agencies must improve their performance, and they need the support of both the Congress and the Administration to do so. The new Department of Homeland Security cannot ``go it alone.'' The Congress now will have an imperative to monitor vigilantly and responsibly the implementation of the new Department. It is essential that Governor Ridge work with Congress as the Director of Homeland Security. Governor Ridge stated before the Governmental Affairs Committee last Friday that he is ``going to do [his] very, very best to respond to whatever requests [he] get[s] from Congress of the United States, because we need to not only build this Department together, but we need to sustain and make sure that we work together to make it as effective as possible.'' We will hold him to this promise.  We must work together to effect reform. It is time to match the rhetoric and make that promise come true. I offer my assistance and wish Director Ridge all the best in his new job. Too much depends on it for Director Ridge to fail.  