In her decisions and her writings and speeches she has shown herself to be a consummate judicial activist who will disregard precedent when convenient to her ends. Her view of government is not consistent with the work of the D.C. Circuit in reviewing the environmental protections, workplace protections, consumer protections and other government regulations authorized by Congress to protect all Americans.  The obvious intent of these stacked votes is a partisan effort to paint opposition Senators as anti-woman. Women know better. Women leaders, women's rights organizations have opposed these nominations. I know the Republican partisan public relations machine will be cranking overtime to say we are anti-woman. Given that we are being led by Senator Barbara Mikulski, Senator Dianne Feinstein, Senator Barbara Boxer, Senator Patty Murray, Senator Mary Landrieu, Senator Blanche Lincoln, Senator Maria Cantwell, Senator Hillary Clinton, and Senator Debbie Stabenow, it is hard to see how Democrats can be subjected to such allegations with a straight face. I mean, tell them that they are anti-woman. These are all women who have the finest records of defending, upholding, and advancing women's rights. It is crazy.  When we were in charge, the Senate confirmed 100 of President Bush's judicial nominees, including 21 women, in just 17 months. They included 4 women to our Courts of Appeal. During the 107th Congress, President Bush nominated only 18 women to district court seats out of 98 district court nominees,or 18 percent, and only 8 women to circuit courts out of 32 circuit court nominees, or 25 percent. Well, this year, Democrats have supported the confirmation of 12 additional women nominated to the Federal bench, including 3 more to our Courts of Appeal. The thirty-three women judges confirmed represent 20 percent of the 168 judges confirmed so far.  Perhaps, though, they are a little bit nervous about this. President Bush has nominated far fewer women to the Federal bench than President Clinton did. This President's nominees have included only one woman in each five judicial nominees. By contrast, nearly one of every three of President Clinton's judges are women. Of course, the Republicans who controlled the Senate and the Judiciary Committee during the Clinton administration also blocked 18 women nominated to Federal judgeships by President Clinton. They did it by their one-person anonymous filibuster. Do not give me this baloney that, oh, it is so terrible that we are standing out here in open session blocking four judges. They blocked 63 by anonymous filibuster, 18 of them women. The women who were blocked from getting Senate action on their judicial nominations by the Republicans include Kathleen McCree Lewis, Elena Kagan, Elizabeth Gibson, Helene White, Christine Arguello, Bonnie Campbell--all of whom were nominated to the circuit courts. Now, these six outstanding women lawyers and judges were not extreme or ideologues. They were blocked anonymously by Republican Senators. This was done without any explanation. This was done without a vote of any kind. We never had a debate on them.  These other judges, the 4 out of 168 of President Bush's who have been confirmed, at least there was a debate on them. We discussed the merits of their nominations. The 63 of President Clinton's nominees who were blocked by the Republican majority would have liked to have at least had a hearing or debate on the merits of their nominations. There was no debate. Nobody wanted to come to the floor and talk about them, not when they could do a one-person filibuster, and do it anonymously so the press in their hometown would never know who was holding them up, including some of the Senators from the States where they were nominated. They could do this anonymously, and they could do it in a way that they would never have their fingerprints on it.  Now, I have heard more crocodile tears shed on this Senate floor this week than I have heard in my 29 years. Why? Because 4 judges of President Bush's were stopped, out of 168 who were confirmed. He has had less nominees stopped than any President I can remember since I have served in the Senate.  I yield the floor.  (At the request of Mr. Dashle, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 