President, I am pleased that the Senate has passed the John Marshall Commemorative Coin Act, S. 1531.  As an original cosponsor of the John Marshall Commemorative Coin Act, I have worked closely with Senator Hatch to do all that we possibly can to speedily pass it into law.  This bill authorizes the Treasury Department to mint and issue coins in honor of Chief Justice John Marshall in the year 2005. Funds raised by sale of the coin will support the Supreme Court Historical Society. Sales of the coin also cover all of the costs of minting and issuing these coins, so that the American taxpayer is not bearing any cost whatsoever of this commemoration.  That sales of a coin that bears the likeness of Chief Justice Marshall will be used to the support of the Supreme Court Historical Society is fitting. The society is a nonprofit organization whose purpose is to preserve and disseminate the history of the Supreme Court of the United States. Founded by Chief Justice Warren Burger, the society's mission is to provide information and historical research on our Nation's highest court. The society accomplishes this mission by conducting programs, publishing books, supporting historical research and collecting antiques and artifacts related to the Court's history. John Marshall is known as ``the great Chief Justice'' of the Supreme Court. Marshall served on the bench for 34 years and established many of the constitutional doctrines we revere today. He is best known and respected for the fundamental principles of checks and balance of our democratic government.  In our successful efforts to gender support for the bill, we gained over 75 cosponsors in the U.S. Senate. Given the noble cause, it was not a hard sell. Yet, the sheer numbers of bipartisan supporters are a fitting tribute to the Great Chief Justice John Marshall. We are happy to assist a worthwhile organization like the Supreme Court Historical Society.  I thank all the Senators who supported this bill--too numerous to name. I also thank the Supreme Court Historical Society for its dedication to this important cause.  