President, I strongly support this amendment, of which I am a cosponsor, and I commend my friend from Illinois who has been so passionate, and so relentless, in seeking additional funding to combat AIDS.  Senator Durbin has been carrying on this fight for several years. He has offered amendment after amendment. He has urged the White House to declare AIDS an emergency, which we all know that it is. And time and again he has been opposed, by the White House and some in the Congress. I hope that does not happen again today.  This debate is not about whether AIDS is a catastrophe of historic proportions. It is not about whether it is the worse public health crisis in history. There is no dispute that 15,000 people are becoming infected with this deadly disease each day, that over 42 million people are already infected, and that over 25 million people have already died.  Nor is this debate about what needs to be done. We know what types of prevention programs work, and that it depends on the culture and practices in each country. We know that only a tiny fraction of people infected are receiving treatment, and that care often amounts to nothing more than a hospital bed, if that.  We know that in many countries, where the infection rate is increasing and where there are already millions of AIDS orphans, faith-based and other private voluntary organizations are working around the clock, with nowhere near the staff or resources they need.  There are countless examples of grandmothers struggling to care for a dozen orphaned grandchildren, or children as young as 9 years old caring for their younger siblings.  We know that no country is immune, and that the number of people infected is increasing exponentially, especially in Asia.  We also know that people infected with HIV often succumb to tuberculosis, which is rampant in many countries, including drug resistant TB. And we know that malaria kills 1 million people each year, mostly African children. Many of these deaths could be prevented. An estimated 500 million people get sick from malaria each year.  Again, this debate is not about any of that. Rather, it is about whether the United States should spend $2 billion in 2004 to combat AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria, or $3 billion.  Earlier this year, at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, the President spent a good deal of time talking about the global AIDS crisis. I commend him for that, and for going to Africa, where he highlighted the suffering caused by AIDS there.  President Bush has shown real leadership on AIDS, although Senator Durbin and I and others have been pushing for stronger action on AIDS for years.  A short time after the President's Coast Guard Academy speech, we passed the United States Leadership Against AIDS, TB and Malaria Act, which authorized $15 billion over 5 years. That was consistent with what the President proposed in his State of the Union address back in January. It was an important step. It showed that we are beginning to take AIDS seriously.  But that was an authorization bill. It did not appropriate any money. For all intents and purposes, it was like writing a check without enough money in the bank.  The President's budget for 2004 contains only $2 billion of the $3 billion we authorized for AIDS.  The United States Leadership Against AIDS, TB and Malaria Act also called for up to $1 billion for the Global Fund to fight AIDS and TB and Malaria. Again, a promise. For 2004, the President only budgeted $200 million for the Global Fund, which is one-fifth of the amount authorized. It is also a cut of $150 million from what was appropriated last year.  There is another problem. While the President's 2004 budget for Foreign Operations includes approximately $1.3 billion to combat AIDS, TB and malaria, it robs Peter to pay Paul to pay for increases in these programs. The President's budget would cut other essential global health programs.  Child survival and maternal health programs would be cut by 12 percent. These are the programs that provide lifesaving child immunizations. They help to prevent the 600,000 pregnancy-related deaths each year that could be avoided. The President's budget cuts these programs by 12 percent.  It would cut programs to combat other infectious diseases like measles, SARS, or ebola, by 32 percent. Measles kills 1 million children not 100,000 or 200,000 but 1 million children a year. Again, this disease is easily preventable.  These are not my numbers; these are the administration's numbers. These numbers are in the President's budget.  Anyone who knows anything about public health knows that building the health infrastructure in developing countries is essential if you are going to fight AIDS. It is the same with child nutrition. It is the same with maternal health. You don't fight AIDS in a vacuum. It isn't an either/or proposition. People who are malnourished, who are in poor health, who have weak immune systems, who are at risk of other infections, are far more vulnerable to AIDS. It is common sense.  Senator McConnell and I were able to restore the funds for these other global health programs. In fact we increase funding to combat other infectious diseases, and to support child and maternal health. But because of that, we did not have additional funds to fight AIDS. That is why we need this amendment.  Senator Durbin's amendment builds on an amendment in July by Senator Bingaman to the State Department Authorization bill. That amendment, which passed 78-18, called for full funding--$3 billion--for the first year of the President's $15 billion AIDS initiative, even if it means exceeding the budget ceilings.  His amendment would provide an additional $984 million that we already authorized. That is what we said we would do when we passed the AIDS authorization bill, and again when we passed the Bingaman amendment. Senator Durbin's amendment would do it.  If we are going to lead, and especially if we are going to ask others to do more, we are going to have to stop playing shell games with the foreign aid budget. We are going to have to start doing what we say.  We are spending over $4 billion each month in Iraq. This amendment would provide an additional $1 billion for the year to combat the worst health crisis in world history. Americans are threatened with AIDS not just in this country, but every time they travel abroad.  I have traveled to Africa, to Haiti, to Vietnam and China, to Central Europe and the former Soviet Union. I have seen how AIDS is ravaging those countries.  In all my travels, and in all my conversations with the leaders of those countries and with public health experts--from the Gates Foundation, to USAID, to the World Health Organization, to the directors of America's public health institutions, to the private voluntary and faith based organizations doing the work in those countries, I have never met anyone, no one, who believes that the additional funds provided by this amendment could not be well spent.  No one who works in the field or AIDS prevention and treatment, or TB or malaria, who I have spoken to, believes that we do not need these additional funds. We need them now, not a year from now.  The White House argues that $3 billion could not be spent effectively in combating AIDS in the 14 countries where it plans to focus. They may be right, but that is not what the United States Leadership Against AIDS, TB and Malaria Act says. Why limit our efforts to 14 countries, when 5 times that many countries are being ravaged by these diseases? Why ignore the other two dozen countries in Africa, or Russia, or China or India where AIDS is spreading out of control? It makes absolutely no sense. It is a false argument.  Fighting AIDS is not about 14 countries. There are dozens of countries that need help, and if there are not enough trained people or infrastructure, we should help build that capacity. We should train more people and provide the vehicles, the testing equipment, the drugs, to carry out effective prevention and treatment programs. Ask anyone working in public health in those countries, and they will tell you what needs to be done.  I really cannot understand the White House's argument. It is not based on fact. It is not based on reality. It is not based on public health.  Is it because they don't want to spend the money? We are paying far more today to fight AIDS than if we had faced up to this disease back when it was just beginning. We wasted two decades, and 25 million people died, in part because we and others failed to act. We will spend far more tomorrow if we do not do what is needed today.  That is what this amendment does. I commend the Senator from Illinois. I urge the White House not to oppose this amendment. I urge the majority leader to support it. He recently traveled to Africa and saw the same tragic consequences of AIDS that many of us have seen there. We need to work together. Let's not make the same mistake again.  