I remember last year when Senator Hutchison would meet me coming in one door of the Senate and she would say: This bill is extremely important. Can we get it up and pass it.  And before I would get to the other door, Senator Feinstein would grab me saying the same thing.  I went to the Judiciary Committee with it. I must say with the strong help and support of the then-ranking member, now chairman of the committee, Senator Hatch. In the course of just 1 week after we introduced this, we held a hearing on the AMBER Alert bill. We passed it in the Judiciary Committee, and we passed it in the full Senate. That is almost unheard of.  This is a case of what can happen in the Senate when people set aside political or partisan labels, work together and make sure something can pass.  It was unfortunate that the House did not pass it but now we will give them a chance. I am proud to join Senator Hutchison and Senator Feinstein as an original cosponsor of the legislation.  Senator Hutchison said it very well, the reasons for the legislation, as did Senator Hatch. I commend those Senators for their leadership. Senator Hutchison and Senator Feinstein have been absolutely dynamic in this case. Because of their support, they made it possible for Senator Hatch and I to get the unanimous support of the Judiciary Committee to move this bill.  It has been credited with recovering 43 children nationwide; 84 modified versions have been adopted in local, regional and Statewide locations. And 33 States have a Statewide plan.  My home State of Vermont is not yet one of them, but this bill would help towns and counties in States such as mine to build and maintain the AMBER Alert.  We spoke about how parents feel. I can imagine, when my children were growing up, the terrible fear that my wife and I would have had at the disappearance of any one of them. I don't know how a parent or grandparent gets through that. I don't know how members of the family get through it. The most vulnerable and most trusting part of our society is our children. Because they are the most vulnerable and the most trusting, we, not only as legislators but as parents, as family members, owe a particular duty to them.  I know President Bush is ready to sign this bill as soon as it is passed byboth bodies and goes to his desk. I urge all Senators to vote for it to send a very clear message to the other body that we support it. It is a bipartisan bill. They would then pass it. The President will sign it.  