President, the distinguished Senator from New Mexico, Mr. Bingaman, has an amendment which would require the Department of Defense to share with the relevant congressional committees information about those who are being held as enemy combatants. I am pleased to cosponsor this amendment.  The amendment safeguards any national security concerns by authorizing the Secretary of Defense to provide this information in classified form where national security requires it. It is a cautious amendment. It does not force the administration to change the way it designates or treats enemy combatants, but merely secures the ability of Congress to carry out the oversight that our laws, our Constitution, our traditions, and our practice require us to do.  Although the cases involving enemy combatants detained within the U.S. have been well publicized, we know very little about those who are being detained in Guantanamo Bay. Because they are held outside U.S. territory, the courts have found they do not have the power to review their detention. I do not doubt some of these detainees are dangerous individuals who wish the United States harm, but doubts have been raised on behalf of some of these detainees, and I think the Congress should have the information necessary to make judgments about this situation.  I hope this amendment will be adopted. It will make the Department of Defense to make decisions more quickly as to whether to charge many of the individuals it is currently holding. No one advocates haste that will compromise ongoing intelligence gathering or hurt our national security, but at the same time, the United States cannot be in the position of indefinitely detaining individuals without charging them with any wrongdoing. That is inconsistent with United States traditions and will continue to cause us difficulty in our relations with the nations of citizens who are being held, ranging from Pakistan to Great Britain. It also puts us in a difficult situation when we tell other countries not to do what we are doing.  Indeed, according to the New York Times, the President's decision to certify two British nationals for trial before a military tribunal created friction between our two nations, as Prime Minister Blair arrives to address a joint meeting of Congress tomorrow.  Let me be clear, this amendment does not require any enemy combatant to be charged, let alone released, but it does ask the Secretary of Defense to explain where the investigatory process stands in the case of each detainee.  Finally, I hope this amendment will encourage the administration to make decisions about what charges he intends to bring, if any, against Jose Padilla and Yaser Hamdi, U.S. citizens currently being held indefinitely without charge in the United States. Their detentions have raised grave legal questions, and it is deeply discomforting to see in this case American citizens held indefinitely, in a legal twilight zone, without access to counsel or those protections to which we believe U.S. citizens are generally entitled, and also those protections that we preach to the rest of the world we uphold and we ask them to uphold when one of our citizens is being detained in their country.  I yield the floor.  