Their Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary gave Mr. Pryor a partial rating of ``not qualified'' to sit on the Federal bench. Of course this is not the first ``not qualified'' rating or partial ``not qualified'' rating that this administration's judicial nominees have received. As of today, 20 of President Bush's nominees have received some form of ``not qualified'' rating. Perhaps that is a reflection of the ideological basis for so many of these nominations, and the concern on the part of some on what has been a rather compliant ABA committee that these nominees cannot be fair to every litigant who may come before them.  Like Jeff Sutton, Bill Pryor has been a crusader for the federalist revolution, but Mr. Pryor has taken an even more prominent role. Having hired Mr. Sutton to argue several key federalism cases in the Supreme Court, Mr. Pryor is the principal leader of the federalist movement, promoting state power over the Federal Government.  A leading proponent of what he refers to as the ``federalism revolution,'' Mr. Pryor seeks to revitalize State power at the expense of Federal protections, seeking opportunities to attack Federal laws and programs designed to guarantee civil rights protections. He has urged that Federal laws on behalf of the disabled, the aged, women, minorities, and the environment all be limited.  He has argued that the Federal courts should cut back on the protections of important and well-supported federal laws including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Clean Water Act, the Violence Against Women Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act. He has repudiated decades of legal precedents that permitted individuals to sue States to prevent violations of Federal civil rights regulations. Mr. Pryor's aggressive involvement in this ``federalist revolution'' shows that he is a goal-oriented, activist conservative who has used his official position to advance his ``cause.'' Alabama was the only State to file an amicus brief arguing that Congress lacked authority to enforce the Clean Water Act. He argued that the Constitution's commerce clause does not grant the Federal Government authority to prevent destruction of waters and wetlands that serve as a critical habitat for migratory birds. While this is a sign to most people of the extremism, Mr. Pryor trumpets his involvement in these cases and is proud of his work to limit Congress's authority.  Bill Pryor's passion is not some obscure legal theory but something in which he has believed deeply since he was a student and something that guides his actions as a lawyer. Mr. Pryor's speeches and testimony before Congress demonstrate just how deeply-rooted his views are, how much he seeks to effect a fundamental change in the country, and how far outside the mainstream his views are. Mr. Pryor's judicial ideology is something in which he deeply believes, not just an argument that he makes as a lawyer.  Mr. Pryor is candid about the fact that his view of federalism is different from the current operation of the Federal Government--and that he is on a mission to change the Government to fit his vision. His goal is to continue to limit Congress's authority to enact laws under the 14th amendment and the commerce clause--laws that protect women, ethnic and racial minorities, senior citizens, the disabled, and the environment--in the name of sovereign immunity. Is there any question that he would pursue his agenda as a judge on the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals--reversing equal rights progress and affecting the lives of millions of Americans for decades to come?  His strong views against providing counsel and fair procedures for death row inmates have led Mr. Pryor to doomsday predictions about the relatively modest reforms in the Innocence Protection Act to create a system of competent counsel. When the U.S. Supreme Court questioned the constitutionality of Alabama's method of execution in 2000, Mr. Pryor lashed out at the Supreme Court, saying``[T]his issue should not be decided by nine octogenarian lawyers who happen to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court.'' Aside from the obvious disrespect this comment shows for this Nation's highest Court, it shows again how results-oriented Mr. Pryor is. Of course an issue about cruel and unusual punishment ought to be decided by the Supreme Court. It is addressed in the eighth amendment, and whether or not we agree on the ruling, it is an elementary principle of constitutional law that it be decided by the Supreme Court, no matter how old its members.  Mr. Pryor has also vigorously opposed an exemption for persons with mental retardation from receiving the death penalty, exhibiting more certainty than compassion. He authored an amicus curiae brief to the Supreme Court arguing that the Court should not declare that executing mentally retarded persons violated the eighth amendment. After losing on that issue, Mr. Pryor made an unsuccessful argument to the eleventh circuit that an Alabama death-row defendant is not mentally retarded.  Mr. Pryor has spoken harshly about the moratorium imposed by former Illinois Governor George Ryan, calling it a ``spectacle,'' and saying that it will ``cost innocent lives.'' How can someone so sure of his position be relied upon to hear these cases fairly? Over the last few years, many prominent Americans have begun raising concerns about the death penalty, including current and former supporters of capital punishment. For example, Justice O'Connor recently said there were ``serious questions'' about whether the death penalty is fairly administered in the United States, and added: ``[T]he system may well be allowing some innocent defendants to be executed.'' In response to this uncertainty, Mr. Pryor offers us nothing but his steadfast belief that there is no problem with the application of the death penalty. This is a position that cannot possibly offer a fair hearing to a defendant on death row.  Mr. Pryor's troubling views on the criminal justice system are not limited to capital punishment. He has advocated that counsel need not be provided to indigent defendants charged with an offense that carries a sentence of imprisonment if the offense is classified as a misdemeanor. The Supreme Court nonetheless ruled that it was a violation of the sixth amendment to impose a sentence that included a possibility of imprisonment if indigent persons were not afforded counsel.  Like Carolyn Kuhl, Priscilla Owen, and Charles Pickering, Bill Pryor is hostile to a woman's right to choose. There is every indication from his record and statements that he is committed to reversing Roe v. Wade. Mr. Pryor describes the Supreme Court's decision in Roe v. Wade as the creation ``out of thin air [of] a constitutional right,'' and opposes abortion even in cases of rape or incest.  Mr. Pryor does not believe Roe is sound law, neither does he give credence to Planned Parenthood v. Casey. He has said that, ``Roe is not constitutional law,'' and that in Casey, ``the court preserved the worst abomination of constitutional law in our history.'' When Mr. Pryor appeared before the committee, he repeated the mantra of those who desire confirmation, saying that he would ``follow the law.'' But his deeply held and intense commitment to overturning established Supreme Court precedent that protects fundamental privacy rights makes it impossible to give his promises any credence.  Bill Pryor has expressed his opposition to fair treatment of all people regardless of their sexual orientation. The positions he took in a brief he filed in the recent Supreme Court case of Lawrence v. Texas were entirely repudiated by the Supreme Court majority just a few weeks ago when it declared that the ``The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives. The State cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private conduct a crime.'' Mr. Pryor's belief is the opposite. He would deny certain Americans the equal protection of the laws, and would subject the most private of their behaviors to public regulation.  Mr. Pryor's comments have revealed an insensitivity to the barriers that disadvantaged persons and members of minority groups and women continue to face in the criminal justice system.  In testimony before Congress, Bill Pryor has urged repeal of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act the centerpiece of that landmark statute because, he says, it ``is an affront to federalism and an expensive burden that has far outlived its usefulness.'' That testimony demonstrates that Mr. Pryor is more concerned with preventing an ``affront'' to the States' dignity than with guaranteeing all citizens the right to cast an equal vote. It also reflects a long-discredited view of the Voting Rights Act. Since the enactment of the statute in 1965, every Supreme Court case to address the question has rejected the claim that Section 5 is an ``affront'' to our system of federalism. Whether under Earl Warren, Warren Burger, or William Rehnquist, the United States Supreme Court has recognized that guaranteeing all citizens the right to cast an equal vote is essential to our democracy not a ``burden'' that has ``outlived its usefulness.''  On all of these issues, the environment, voting rights, women's rights, gay rights, federalism, and more, William Pryor's record of activism and advocacy is clear. That is his right as an American citizen, but it does not make him fit to be a judge or likely to be fair on such issues. I think the length and level of his devotion to these issues creates a situation in which his impartiality on such issues would reasonably be questioned by litigants in his court. He should not be confirmed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.  