President, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by Senators Schumer, Clinton, Mikulski, and others. I am proud to join them as a cosponsor of this amendment that will provide desperately-needed funds directly to State and local governments to boost the emergency preparedness capabilities of our Nation's first responders. The amendment also provides much-needed funding for high threat urban areas, FIRE grants, and COPS.  Our Nation is at war, and we find ourselves facing enormous challenges, both at home and abroad. The American people have responded to those challenges and are performing with skill and determination and valor on both fronts.  We have nearly a quarter of a million troops in the Middle East. Our soldiers and marines have been engaging tenacious guerilla fighters in Iraq's harshest weather conditions. Our sailors are superbly executing their complex missions. Our Air Force already has performed thousands of missions over long distances amid withering ground fire, eliminating threats to all our troops. And we have National Guard units being called up all across the country to prepare for what could turn into a lengthy assignment overseas.  Here on the homefront, our first responders and thousands of dedicated Federal workers are giving their all to preparedness and prevention. Police officers, firefighters, and emergency medical response providers are being pushed to the limit with added duties, longer shifts, and cancelled time off. The new responsibilities they are shouldering in guarding against and preparing for terrorism have become largely unfunded mandates on them and on their States and communities. Every time the threat alert level is raised, it takes millions more in local and State costs to respond.  The administration readily accepts the need to fund our antiterrorism efforts abroad, but the administration continues to downplay and minimize the real needs in real communities across the Nation for adequate resources to meet homeland defense needs here at home. That must change. We need to do both we need a robust response to terrorism on both fronts, here and abroad.  This supplemental spending plan the President submitted to the Congress addresses costs in Iraq and other locations overseas but misses the mark by a mile in funding our needs on the homefront. We are fighting a two-front war, yet the President's request mostly only addresses the war in Iraq--as well as the needs of a few coalition allies.  It is frustrating, as well as more than a little ironic, that after all of the repeated requests from Congress and State and local officials, over a period now of a year and a half, about the need for taking care of the fight against terrorism at home, the administration has decided to request almost $8 billion in assistance on behalf of the foreign nations that it considers helpful in the war against Iraq, but only $2 billion for first responders. The Nation's Governors and mayors have made abundantly clear the urgent need for that same level of funding, $8 billion. Our hometown heroes need help now.  In recent months, the Nation's first responder needs have grown increasingly urgent. I have repeatedly joined with congressional leaders like Senator Byrd, Senator Daschle, and others in asking the President, in this supplemental request for appropriations, to include at least $5 billion for our State and local first responders. But the administration has fallen far short in this bill, including only $2 billion to assist State and local governments to support federally mandated terrorism preparedness during this time of heightened threats and insecurity. The amount included in the supplemental is inadequate.  No Federal agencies are doing the jobs that we need first responders to do. When terrorists attack, the first call that is made is not to a Federal agency in Washington. It is to 9-1-1, for their State and local first responders. The responsibility now falls to the Congress to boost funding for our first responders. We are in a two-front war, overseas and here at home, and we need to fund both.  The sooner we help first responders help us in the war on terrorism, the better. I hope you will agree that our Governors and mayors know what their States and communities need to be safe from and respond to terrorist attacks. My colleagues and I who introduce this amendment have heard their pleas and responded. I hope the Congress will respond accordingly, even though the administration so far has not.  