And we got rid of the anonymous holds. We got rid of the secret holds. I will explain in greater detail.  Mr. President, the Republican leadership in the Senate has chosen today for another in a series of cloture votes on this divisive nomination. Nothing has significantly changed since it forced the three previous cloture votes. The administration's obstinacy continues to impede progress to resolve this matter. The administration remains intent on packing the Federal circuit courts and on insisting that the Senate rubber stamp its nominees without fulfilling the Senate's constitutional advise and consent role in this most important process. The White House could have long ago helped solve the impasse on the Estrada nomination by honoring the Senate's role in the appointment process and providing the Senate with access to Mr. Estrada's legal work. Past administrations have provided such legal memoranda in connection with the nominations of Robert Bork, William Rehnquist, Brad Reynolds, Stephen Trott and Ben Civiletti, and even this administration did so with a nominee to the Environmental Protection Agency. In my statement in connection with the last cloture vote I outlined additional precedent for sharing the requested materials with the Senate as did Senator Kennedy.  We have the statement of Attorney General Robert H. Jackson, who later became one of our finest Supreme Court Justices, when he wrote an Attorney General Opinion in 1941 acknowledging that among the occasions when exceptions should be made and Executive department files would be produced to the Congress would be confirmations. As Attorney General Jackson noted:       Of course, where the public interest has seemed to justify      it, information as to particular situations has been supplied      to congressional committees by me and by former Attorneys      General. For example, I have taken the position that      committees called upon to pass on the confirmation of persons      recommended for appointment by the Attorney General would be      afforded confidential access to any information that we      have--because no candidate's name is submitted without his      knowledge and the Department does not intend to submit the      name of any person whose entire history will not stand light.  I mentioned the additional example of similar materials that were provided to Congress in 1982 by the Reagan administration when the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing to consider legislation to deny federal tax-exempt status to private schools practicing racial discrimination. A number of Justice Department memoranda, as well as communications between high-level officials, were turned over by the Reagan administration to the Senate Finance Committee in connection with the hearing, just months after the documents were first written. The issues at that hearing reveal that some of the documents turned over were much more sensitive than those requested of Mr. Estrada, but they were still provided to Congress by the Reagan administration.  The documents turned over to the Senate included:  Letters from Representative Trent Lott to Secretary Regan, IRS Commissioner Egger, and Solicitor General Lee, urging change in the administration's position on Bob Jones; memorandum from Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Fein to Deputy Attorney General Edward Schmults, advising Schmults on private schools; memorandum from Carolyn Kuhl, Special Assistant to the Attorney General, to Ken Starr, noting Reagan/Bush campaign statements on private schools; memorandum from Peter Wallison, Treasury General Counsel, to Secretary Regan briefing him on meeting with Representative Lott; memorandum from Treasury General Counsel Wallison to Deputy Secretary McNamar and Secretary Regan on Government's position in Bob Jones case; memorandum from Civil Rights Division Head, William Bradford Reynolds, to Attorney General Smith justifying changes in administration's position on Bob Jones; memorandum from Treasury Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs, Ann McLaughlin, to Deputy Secretary McNamar on ``press strategy'' for releasing Bob Jones decision; memorandum from IRS Chief Counsel Gideon to Treasury Deputy General Counsel Government's statement inBob Jones; letter from IRS Chief Counsel Gideon to Civil Rights Division Head Reynolds on formulation of Government's statement in Bob Jones; and memorandum from Assistant Attorney General Theodore Olson, Office of Legal Counsel, to Attorney General Smith and Deputy Attorney General Schmults responding to the analysis in Reynolds' memo on Bob Jones.  In 1982, the Republican administration at that time released to the Senate documents that included internal memoranda among high-level Justice Department officials, inter-agency communications, and documents relating to the government's position in an important Supreme Court case. They also included letters to the Solicitor General.  Moreover, the Reagan administration turned over these documents within months after being written, and no harm was done to the workings of the Justice Department or the administration. The Bush administration is claiming that it is unprecedented to turn over such documents--and that the release of documents written by Mr. Estrada 6 to 10 years earlier would irreparably harm the government. I urge the administration and Republican Senators to consider this additional precedent.  I also noted how in 2001, this White House agreed to give access to memoranda written by Jeffrey Holmstead, nominated to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. The Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works requested memoranda from Holmstead's years of service in the White House counsel's office under former President Bush. In particular, the Committee was interested in materials related to Holmstead's handling of an amendment to the Clean Air Act and other environmental issues. In the summer of 2001, the Bush administration resolved an impasse with the Committee over the nomination by permitting Committee staffers to review memoranda that Holmstead wrote while in the White House counsel's office. In sum, the administration allowed access to documents from the White House counsel's office--a more sensitive post than the one Mr. Estrada held when he was in the Department of Justice.  So, despite this administration's continued insistence on confidentiality, it has turned over, allowed access or worked to reach an accommodation on access to documents similar to those requested in connection with the Estrada nomination in other cases and for other committees. In the matter of the Estrada nomination, the question before the Senate concerns a lifetime appointment to the second-highest court in the land.  The former Republican leader accepted ``part of the blame'' for how the Senate has come to consider judicial nominations. I appreciate that because it is one of the few times a Republican Senator has accepted responsibility for what happened during the years in which the Republican majority in the Senate blocked and delayed so many of President Clinton's judicial nominees. The Senator from Mississippi also acknowledged that ``you filibuster a lot of different ways.'' I thank the Senator from Mississippi for trying to be constructive and for suggesting that ``something can be worked out'' on the request for Mr. Estrada's work papers from the Department of Justice.  A recent edition of The Weekly Standard, a report suggests that other Senate Republicans, ``several veteran GOP Senate staffers'' and ``a top GOP leadership aide'' asked the White House to show some flexibility and to share the legal memoranda with the Senate to resolve this matter, but they were rebuffed. It is regrettable that the White House will not listen to reason from Senate Democrats or Senate Republicans. If they had, there would be no need for this cloture vote. The White House is less interested in making progress on the Estrada nomination than in trying to score political points and to divide the Hispanic community.  The real ``double standard'' here is that the President selected Mr. Estrada based in large part on his work for four and a half years in the Solicitor General's Office as well as for his ideological views, but the Administration says that the Senate may not examine his written work from the office that would shed the most light on his views. The White House says that the Senate should not consider the very ideology the White House took into account in selecting a 41-year-old for a lifetime seat on the country's second-highest court. Another double standard at work here is that this is a nominee who is well known for having very passionate views about judicial decisions and legal policy and is well known for being outspoken, and yet he has refused to share his views with the very people charged with evaluating his nomination. It seems to be a perversion of the constitutional process to require the Senate to stumble in the dark about his views, when he shares his views quite freely with others and when this Administration has selected him for the privilege of this high office, and for life, based on those views.  Just this past weekend, a story in The New York Times reported that during his nomination hearing which I scheduled and Senator Schumer chaired last September, ``Mr. Estrada took what is often called `the judicial fifth,' declining to answer many questions by saying that he could not comment on issues that might come before him should he be confirmed.'' The report correctly continued: ``It is a common approach for judicial nominees, but Mr. Estrada was more reticent than most.'' The report also notes that: ``Mr. Estrada gave a hint that what the memorandums might disclose was his impatient manner when he told the committee he might have harshly dismissed some arguments by junior lawyers.'' Our review of the requested documents would end the mystery and speculation.  One of the most disconcerting aspects of the manner in which the Senate is approaching these divisive judicial nominations is what appears to be the Republican majority's willingness to sacrifice the constitutional authority of the Senate as a check on the power of the President in the area of lifetime appointments to our federal courts. It should concern all of us and the American people that the Republican majority's efforts to re-write Senate history in order to rubber stamp this White House's federal judicial nominees will cause long-term damage to this institution, to our courts, to our constitutional form of government, to the rights and protections of the American people and to generations to come.  Republicans are now willing to breach the 24-year-old rule of the Judiciary Committee that had always protected the right of the minority to debate a matter. Republicans have now established a double standard with respect to the opposition of home-state Senators. If the opposition to a judicial nominee is that of a Republican home State Senator to a nominee of a Democratic President, it is honored and no hearing may go forward. But if the opposition is to a judicial nominee of a Republican President by a Democratic home State Senator, well that is too bad and the Republican majority does not choose to defer or care or honor that objection.  The White House is using ideology to select its judicial nominees but is trying to prevent the Senate from knowing the ideology of these nominees when it evaluates them. It was not so long ago when then-Senator Ashcroft was chairing a series of Judiciary Committee hearings at which Edwin Meese III testified:       I think that very extensive investigations of each      nominee--and I don't worry about the delay that this might      cause because, remember, those judges are going to be on the      bench for their professional lifetime, so they have got      plenty of time ahead once they are confirmed, and there is      very little opportunity to pull them out of those benches      once they have been confirmed--I think a careful      investigation of the background of each judge, including      their writings, if they have previously been judges or in      public positions, the actions that they have taken, the      decisions that they have written, so that we can to the      extent possible eliminate people who would turn out to be      activist judges from being confirmed.  Timothy E. Flanigan, an official from the administration of the President's father, and who more recently served as Deputy White House Counsel, helping the current President select his judicial nominees, testified strongly in favor of ``the need for the Judiciary Committee and the full Senate to be extraordinarily diligent in examining the judicial philosophy of potential nominees.'' He continued:       In evaluating judicial nominees, the Senate has often been      stymied by its inability to obtain evidence of a nominee's      judicial philosophy. In the absence of such evidence, the      Senate has often confirmed a nominee on the theory that it      could find no fault with the nominee.       I would reverse the presumption and place the burden      squarely on the shoulders of the judicial nominee to prove      that he or she has a well-thought-out judicial philosophy,      one that recognizes the limited role for Federal judges. Such      a burden is appropriately borne by one seeking life tenure to      wield the awesome judicial power of the United States.  Now that the occupant of the White House no longer is a popularly-elected Democrat but a Republican, these principles seem no longer to have any support within the White House or the Senate Republican majority. Fortunately, our constitutional principles and our Senate traditions, practices and governing rules do not change with the political party that occupies the White House or with a shift in majority in the Senate.  The White House, in conjunction with the new Republican majority in the Senate, is purposeful in choosing these battles over judicial nominations. Dividing rather than uniting has become their modus operandi. The decision by the Republican Senate majority to focus on controversial nominations says much about their mistaken priorities. The Republican majority sets the agenda and they schedule the debate, just as they have again here today.  I have served in the Senate for 29 years, and until recently I have never seen such stridency on the part of an administration or such willingness on the part of a Senate majority to cast aside tradition and upset the balances embedded in our Constitution, in order to expand presidential power. What I find unprecedented are the excesses that the Republican majority and this White House are willing to indulge to override the constitutional division of power over appointments and longstanding Senate practices and history. It strikes me that some Republicans seem to think that they are writing on a blank slate and that they have been given a blank check to pack the courts.  They show a disturbing penchant for reading the Constitution to suit their purposes of the moment rather than as it has functioned for more than 200 years to protect all Americans through its checks and balances.  The Democratic Leader pointed the way out of this impasse again in his letter to the President on February 11. It is regrettable that the President did not respond to that reasonable effort to resolve this matter. Indeed, the letter he sent last week to Senator Frist was not a response to Senator Daschle's reasonable and realistic approach, but a further effort to minimize the Senate's role in this process by proposing radical changes in Senate rules and practices to the great benefit of this Administration.  A distinguished senior Republican Senator saw the reasonableness of the suggestions that the Democratic leader and assistant leader have consistently made during this debate when he agreed on February 14 that they pointed the way out of the impasse. Regrettably, his efforts and judgment were also rejected by the administration.  The Supreme Court, in an opinion authored last year by none other than Justice Scalia, one of this President's judicial role models, instructs that judicial ethics do not prevent candidates for judicial office or judicial nominees from sharing their judicial philosophy and views.  With respect to ``precedent,'' Republicans not only joined in the filibuster of the nomination of Abe Fortas to be Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court, they joined in the filibuster of Stephen Breyer to the First Circuit, Judge Rosemary Barkett to the Eleventh Circuit, Judge H. Lee Sarokin to the Third Circuit, and Judge Richard Paez and Judge Marsha Berzon to the Ninth Circuit. The truth is that filibusters on nominations and legislative matters and extended debate on judicial nominations, including circuit court nominations, have become more and more common through Republicans' own actions.  Of course, when they are in the majority Republicans have more successfully defeated nominees by refusing to proceed on them and have not publicly explained their actions, preferring to act in secret under the cloak of anonymity. From 1995 through 2001, when Republicans previously controlled the Senate majority, Republican efforts to defeat President Clinton's judicial nominees most often took place through inaction and anonymous holds for which no Republican Senator could be held accountable. In effect, these were anonymous ``filibusters.''  Republicans held up almost 80 judicial nominees who were not acted upon during the Congress in which President Clinton first nominated them, and they eventually defeated more than 50 judicial nominees without a recorded Senate vote of any kind, just by refusing to proceed with hearings and committee votes.  Beyond judicial nominees, Republicans also filibustered the nomination of executive branch nominees. They successfully filibustered the nomination of Dr. Henry Foster to become Surgeon General of the United States in spite of two cloture votes in 1995. Dr. David Satcher's subsequent nomination to be Surgeon General also required cloture but he was successfully confirmed.  Other executive branch nominees who were filibustered by Republicans include Walter Dellinger's nomination to be Assistant Attorney General, and two cloture petitions were required to be filed and both were rejected by Republicans. In this case we were able finally to obtain a confirmation vote after an elaborate effort, and Mr. Dellinger was confirmed to that position with 34 votes against him. He was never confirmed to his position as Solicitor General because Republicans had made clear their opposition to him. In addition, in 1993, Republicans objected to a number of State Department nominations and even the nomination of Janet Napolitano to serve as the U.S. Attorney for Arizona, resulting in cloture petitions.  In 1994, Republicans successfully filibustered the nomination of Sam Brown to be an Ambassador. After three cloture petitions were filed, his nomination was returned to President Clinton without Senate action. Also in 1994, two cloture petitions were required to get a vote on the nomination of Derek Shearer to be an Ambassador. And it likewise took two cloture petitions to get a vote on the nomination of Ricki Tigert to chair the FDIC. So when Republican Senators now talk about the Senate Executive Calendar and presidential nominees, they must be reminded that they recently filibustered many, many qualified nominees.  Nonetheless, in spite of all the intransigence of the White House and all of the doublespeak by some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, I can report that the Senate has moved forward to confirm 115 of President Bush's judicial nominations since July 2001. That total includes 15 judges confirmed so far this year, including two controversial nominees to the circuit courts.  Those observing these matters might contrast this progress with the start of the 106th Congress in which the Republican majority in the Senate was delaying consideration of President Clinton's judicial nominees. In 1999, the first hearing on a judicial nominee was not until mid-June. The Senate did not reach 15 confirmations until September of that year. Accordingly, the facts show that Democratic Senators are being extraordinarily cooperative with a Senate majority and a White House that refuses to cooperate with us. We have made progress in spite of that lack of comity and cooperation.  We worked hard to reduce federal judicial vacancies to the lowest level it has been in more than seven years. That is an extremely low vacancy number based on recent history and well below the 67 vacancies that Senator Hatch termed ``full employment'' on the federal bench during the Clinton administration.  It is unfortunate that the White House and some Republicans have insisted on this confrontation rather than working with us to provide the needed information so that we could proceed to an up-or-down vote. Some on the Republican side seem to prefer political game playing, seeking to pack our courts with ideologues and leveling baseless charges of bigotry, rather than to work with us to resolve the impasse over this nomination by providing information and proceeding to a fair vote.  I was disappointed that Senator Bennett's straightforward colloquy withSenator Reid and me on February 14, which pointed to a solution, was never allowed by hard-liners on the other side to yield results. I am disappointed that all my efforts and those of Senator Daschle and Senator Reid have been rejected by the White House. The letter that Senator Daschle sent to the President on February 11 pointed the way to resolving this matter reasonably and fairly. Republicans would apparently rather engage in politics.  Republican talking points will undoubtedly claim that this is ``unprecedented''. They will ignore their own recent filibusters against President Clinton's executive and judicial nominees in so doing. The only thing unprecedented about this matter is that the administration and Republican leadership have shown no willingness to be reasonable and accommodate Democratic Senators' request for information traditionally shared with the Senate by past administrations. That this is the fourth cloture vote on this matter is an indictment of Republican intransigence on this matter, nothing more. What is unprecedented is that there has been no effort on the Republican side to work this matter out as these matters have always been worked out in the past. What is unprecedented is the Republican insistence to schedule cloture vote after cloture vote without first resolving the underlying problem caused by the administration's inflexibility.  I urge the White House and Senate Republicans to end the political warfare and join with us in good faith to make sure the information that is needed to review this nomination is provided so that the Senate may conclude its consideration of this nomination. I urge the White House, as I have for more than two years, to work with us and, quoting from a recent column by Thomas Mann of The Brookings Institute, to submit ``a more balanced ticket of judicial nominees and engag[e] in genuine negotiations and compromise with both parties in Congress.''  The President promised to be a uniter not a divider, but he has continued to send us judicial nominees that divide our nation and, in this case, he has even managed to divide Hispanics across the country. The nomination and confirmation process begins with the President, and I urge him to work with us to find a way forward to unite, instead of divide, the nation on these issues.  Mr. President, does the Senator from Massachusetts wish the remainder of my time?  