President, yesterday the assistant minority leader made some cogent observations about how the Senate is being required to expend hours on matters that are leading nowhere and take away from debate on the Energy bill. If the Republicans were truly serious about finishing the Energy bill this week, they would not be scheduling hours of debate on contentious judicial nominations. Nor for that matter would they break for several hours yesterday to have a pep rally at the White House. From the Senate schedule, an objective observer would have to think it is more driven by partisanship and trying to score political points than a desire to make progress on the business of the Senate and on the issues that are the most important to the American people.  This week we have not proceeded to the foreign operations appropriations bill, which contains a number of matters of overriding importance to the country and the world, although Chairman McConnell and I have been ready to proceed. We have not proceeded to the energy and water appropriations bill or the other appropriations matters that need to be concluded soon for the Government and Government programs to continue to operate in the fiscal year that will soon be upon us. Usually we devote July to appropriations matters but the Republican leadership has chosen to take this week off in that regard.  Today we must again return to the controversial nomination of Miguel Estrada to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. The last cloture vote on this nomination was scheduled on May 8. The only thing that has changed since that unsuccessful vote is that the administration and some Republicans in the Senate have ratcheted up their unprecedented partisanship and the use of judicial nominees for partisan political purposes.  I spoke yesterday about the new low to which some Republican partisans have stooped in political ads and charges that should offend all Americans. I again challenged Republicans and the administration to disavow those despicable efforts but, instead, they are choosing to continue to support the smear campaign of insult and division. Yesterday I inserted into the Congressional Record some of the articles and editorials that comment upon this most troubling development.  Yesterday I also had the opportunity to meet with representatives of the Interfaith Alliance. I thank them for condemning these unwarranted attacks and for standing up for the Constitution and the first amendment rights of all Americans. Reverend Gaddy, Father Drinan, Reverend Veazy, Right Reverend Dixon, and Rabbi Moline understand what is afoot and have spoken out in the best tradition of this country, and I thank each of them.  I do not expect the vote on this nomination to change today. Nothing has been done to accommodate Senators' concerns. No arrangements have been made to provide access to the documents requested in connection with this nomination that are available to the administration and that Mr. Estrada said he had no objection be provided. Thus circumstances have not changed since the first vote on this nomination or the most recent vote back in May.  There continues to be, in the phrase favored by the White House, ``revisionist history'' regarding the precedent of providing the Senate with legal memos to the Solicitor General and by the Solicitor General and similar documents in connection with nominations for both lifetime and short-term posts. Senator Schumer, Senator Kennedy, and I have detailed those earlier precedent in earlier debate. It has not been refuted. It cannot be refuted. Facts are stubborn things. Nonetheless the administration and Republicans continue to ignore the facts seeking political gain and have chosen to use Mr. Estrada as a pawn in their efforts. That is unfortunate and regrettable.  We have worked hard to try to balance the need for judges with the imperative that they be fair judges for all people, poor or rich, Republican or Democrat, of any race or religion. This has been especially difficult because a number of this President's judicial nominees have records that do not demonstrate that they will be fair and impartial. In response, the White House and its allies have bombarded the airwaves with all manner of misleading information to try to bully theSenate into rolling over and rubber-stamping every one of its these nominees.  The claims that we are anti-Hispanic or anti-Catholic or anti-woman or anti-Christian are part of Republican politics of attack and division as taught by Presidential advisor Karl Rove and as implemented by the administration's allies in the Senate and C. Boyden Gray and his so-called Committee for Justice, who paid for the most recent volley of ads. These dirty tricks are nothing new to this gang. Earlier this year, Mr. Gray and his group ran ads insinuating that Democrats oppose the nomination of Mr. Estrada because he is Hispanic, ads which were refuted by the courage of many Latino leaders and Latino civil rights groups which spoke out against confirming Mr. Estrada. Mr. Gray's group recently ran print and radio ads calling Democratic Senators anti-Catholic because they oppose President George W. Bush's most controversial and divisive appellate nominee, Alabama Attorney General Bill Pryor. These are despicable and false charges intended to distract the public from the serious evidence that Mr. Pryor was chosen because he would be an unfair, results-oriented judge. This type of demagoguery, in its shameful effort to mislead and inflame, should be disavowed.  The cynical political games are all the more disappointing from a President who campaigned claiming that he was going to be a uniter not a divider and set a new tone in Washington. The reality is that on nominations this administration goes out of its way to choose divisive nominees. The tone set by the White House has been unilateral and been marked by a refusal to consult with Senators in advance of nominations and to accommodate concerns raised.  Senate Democrats have more than demonstrated our good faith. We inherited 110 vacant seats in the Federal judiciary in July 2001, vacancies that were increased and perpetuated under Republican control of the Senate. In 17 months, Democrats worked hard to have the Senate confirm 100 of President Bush's judicial nominees.  Second, as of July 28, 2003, the Senate has confirmed 140 of President Bush's judicial nominees, including 27 circuit, or appellate, nominees. This is more circuit court judges confirmed at this point in his Presidency than for his father, President Clinton, or President Reagan at the same point in their Presidencies. It is more judges than a Republican-controlled Senate allowed be confirmed in any 3-year period serving with President Clinton.  We are finally below the number of vacancies Republicans inherited in 1995, and earlier this year we reached the lowest number of vacancies in the Federal courts in 13 years. This from the 110 vacancies that Democrats inherited from Republican obstruction. Indeed, today there are more full-time Federal judges serving on the Federal courts than at any time in U.S. history.  These confrontations and problems with nominations are of the White House's own making. It is true that some of this President's judicial nominees with troubling records have not been confirmed. It is also true that Democrats have supported as many nominees as we could responsibly. Democrats have not been spoiling for a fight.  We did not seek out the nomination of Judge Pickering or Judge Owen. But we treated them fairly and much more fairly than Republicans had treated President Clinton's nominees to the Fifth Circuit by according them hearings, debate, and a committee vote. They were rejected. For the first time in history a President nonetheless renominated those rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee. That it was unprecedented is part of the difficulty with these controversial and divisive nominees. Justice Owen is someone whom Republican judges on the Texas Supreme Court criticized as a judicial activist.  We did not seek out the nomination of Miguel Estrada, but we accorded him a hearing and sought to consider the nomination responsibly. We are being required to vote without all the information we need. The committee did vote, which was more than was accorded President Clinton's nominees to the DC Circuit. The Senate is resisting a vote without knowing more about Mr. Estrada's work and judgment. Democrats did proceed to vote on and confirm the nomination of another to the DC Circuit in spite of Republican obstruction of President Clinton's nominations to that important court.  We did not seek the controversial nominations of Jeffrey Sutton, Timothy Tymkovich, or Dennis Shedd, but we proceeded with them. They each received more negative votes than required to prevent cloture, but we proceeded. We proceeded on Deborah Owen, Michael McConnell, and a number of strongly conservative and controversial nominees.  We have not chosen these fights this week. They have been staged by the Republican leadership. We have fought them for the sake of the American people, the independence of the Federal courts, and to preserve the Senate as a check on this expansive court packing by the Executive.  Republican partisans have responded to the sincere concerns of numerous Senators about the records of controversial nominees by demanding that Senate rules be changed to force votes on the most extreme nominees. This effort is in the wake of repeated violations by Republicans of longstanding committee rules and agreements to allow sufficient time to review the FBI investigations and legal careers of the President's nominees for these powerful positions with lifetime tenure. With the Constitution's guarantee of lifetime jobs for judges, we cannot correct mistakes made in a slipshod confirmation process.  In their quest to limit public scrutiny, Republicans have invented interpretations of the Constitution without any basis in tradition or history. Although they now contend that the Constitution requires an up-or-down vote on every judicial nominee, the plain facts are that they blocked up-or-down votes on more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees and more than 250 of his nominees to short-term positions in his administration.  Did they engage in wholesale constitutional violations during President Clinton's Presidency? I did think their one-person filibusters by anonymous, secret holds were unfair, and that is why I made blue slips public as chairman and have supported ending anonymous holds.  Our Democratic Senate leadership worked hard earlier this year to correct some of the problems that arose from some of the earlier hearings and actions of the Judiciary Committee in violation of rules that have served the committee and the Senate well for a quarter of a century. However, once again just last week, the Republican members of the Judiciary Committee decided to override the rights of the minority and violate longstanding committee precedent under rule IV in order to rush to judgment even more quickly for this President's most controversial nominees. That was another sad day in committee. And yet Republicans persist in their obstinate and single-minded crusade to pack the Federal bench with right-wing ideologues, regardless of what rules, longstanding practices, personal assurances, or relationships are broken or ruined in the process.  These rules and precedents are not just ``inside baseball.'' They are the core of the rule of law in our system of government. If those elected will not follow rules to confirm judges or create statutes, then we have little hope that the rule of law will prevail in our courts and in our country. Republicans in the Senate seem intent on sacrificing the role of the Senate as a check on the Executive for the short-term political gain of this White House.  The Framers expressly protected Members' freedom of debate in the Constitution. The Constitution also gives the Senate the power to devise its procedural rules. There is no requirement in the Constitution that matters be decided by simple majorities or that all bills or nominations be brought to a vote.  As the Supreme Court has recognized that ``Certainly any departure from strict majority rule gives disproportionate power to the minority. But there is nothing in the language of the Constitution, our history or our cases that requires a majority to always prevail on every issue.'' Gordon v. Lance, 403 U.S. 1 at 6, 197l, finding constitutional local voting rules requiring a majority of 60 percent to pass a measure. The notion that every nominee isentitled to a vote on the Senate floor is defied by decades of practice over the past two centuries.  Filibusters and other parliamentary tactics to delay matters were known to the Framers. There was even a filibuster in the first Congress over locating the Capitol.  More importantly, the Framers created the Senate to be unique from the House in the protections for the rights of each Senator and the stability and continuity in this body. Unlike the House, the Senate is not reborn every 2 years but two-thirds of its Members remain through every election. The Framers gave the Senate special powers, as a check on the executive branch, to confirm nominees or to decline to do so, affirmatively or by inaction.  History shows that since the early 19th century, nominees for the highest court and to the lowest short-term post have been defeated by delay, while others were voted down. Not even President Washington's nominees were all confirmed. One of President Washington's short-term nominees, Mr. Benjamin Fishbourn's nomination to the port of Savannah, was defeated on the floor of the Senate because of the opposition of both Georgia Senators. Many Supreme Court nominations were defeated through inaction or delay, rather than by failed confirmation vote.  For 160 years, until 1949, there was no way, other than through unanimous consent, to bring a judicial or executive nomination to a vote. For the past 86 years, the Senate has required a vote of two-thirds to end debate on changing any rule of procedure, made explicit in 1959. For the past 54 years, the Senate has required more than a simple majority, ranging from two-thirds to three-fifths, to bring a judicial nomination or legislation to a vote. For the past 25 years, the Senate has required three-fifths of the Members sworn to vote to end debate on any matter, other than amending the rules, two-thirds.  The Senate and the Nation not only have survived all of these years while respecting freedom of debate but have thrived, strengthening our democracy by ensuring a forum that honors the passionate views and interests of a minority of its members while checking the caprice of temporary majorities, particularly regarding the lifetime appointments to our Federal courts.  As the late, eminent Professor Lindsay Rogers observed, ``the fact of the matter is . . . that, as the much vaunted separation of powers now exists, unrestricted debate in the Senate is the only check upon president and party autocracy.'' The American Senate 164, 1926. We would all do well to remember that, as the scholar Charles Black observed, ``If a President should desire, and if chance should give him the opportunity, to change entirely the character of the Supreme Court, shaping it after his own political image, nothing would stand in his way except the United States Senate.''  If we give up the genius of the checks and balances of the Constitution as embodied in the role of the Senate exercising its independent judgement to confirm or reject lifetime appointees, by vote or inaction, the American people will be the losers. Yet some Republicans seem intent on inflicting more damage, to the process, to the Senate, and to the independence of the Federal courts.  Republicans claim there has never been a filibuster of a circuit court judge. This is false. As recently as 2000, Senator Frist and his Republican colleagues filibustered two of President Clinton's circuit court nominees. One of those nominees, Judge Richard Paez, a Mexican American nominated to the Ninth Circuit was subject to filibuster procedures and other blocking tactics that prevented him from being confirmed for more than 1,500 days. That was a circuit court filibuster, even though it was ultimately unsuccessful. At the same time, Republicans were simultaneously filibustering the nomination of Ninth Circuit nominee Marsha Berzon. This was in addition to nearly 2 dozen other circuit court nominees who were languishing or defeated in committee without a vote in committee or on the floor as well as dozens of other district court nominees.  Republicans who now claim that the Constitution requires a majority vote on every judicial nominee should explain how Republicans through secret objections, blocked votes on more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees, including nearly 2 dozen circuit court nominees. For Republicans to claim that the process is now broken because a few of President Bush's circuit court nominees are being debated in the light of day, rather than defeated in the dark of night, is breathtaking in its hypocrisy.  Republicans also blocked more than 250 of President Clinton's nominees to short-term positions in his administration. For example, they successfully debated to death his nominations of an ambassador, Sam Brown, and of Dr. Henry Foster to be Surgeon General, in addition to the other more than 300 judicial or executive branch nominees blocked in the dark of night by one of more Republicans. I mention this because I just cannot imagine how they can get away with these false claims, which the most recent history of nominations clearly refutes. This data is publicly available.  The Senate, unlike the House, has never had a rule allowing a simple majority to force a vote on any matter. Only for the past 54 years have Senate rules allowed fewer than the agreement of all Senators to force a vote on a nomination, reducing the number needed to end debate from unanimous agreement to the current number, 60 votes. These rules help ensure that lifetime appointees have wide, rather than narrow, support because consensus nominees are more likely to be fair than extremely divisive ones.  The nomination we vote on today, that of Mr. Estrada, is another divisive nomination of this President. Despite the overtures that have been made to the White House to ask them to honor past precedent and provide Mr. Estrada's memos to the Senate, the White House has refused to budge. Instead of honoring that precedent, the White has sought to break other precedents and understandings in the quest to win confirmation at any cost.  Just last week, the White House signaled again its refusal to seek compromise or accommodation for the sake of the fairness of the courts. The President nominated two more controversial individuals to the DC Circuit. This is just one more sign in a long line that this White House is determined to continue to divide the American people with its nominations and to pack the courts in order to win judicial victories for its ideological agenda and its allies at the expense of fairness for all.  Since the administration has not provided the information requested more than a year ago with respect to Mr. Estrada, nothing has been done to alleviate concerns about this nomination.  