President, today we consider another controversial and divisive judicial nomination, that of Deborah Cook to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. Just last week we debated and voted on the controversial nomination of Jeffrey Sutton to the Sixth Circuit. The vote on his confirmation received the fewest positive votes in almost 20 years. Only 52 Senators voted in favor of his confirmation and appointment to the Sixth Circuit. This number demonstrates the serious opposition many conscientious Senators have to some of the extreme nominations this administration has been insisting be confirmed in its continuing effort to take ideological control of the Federal courts.  The nomination of Deborah Cook to be Judge Sutton's colleague on the Sixth Circuit also presents many serious problems. I believe that it is important to make the record clear that her nomination has a unique procedural posture, especially in light of the recent history of Republican obstruction of President Clinton's nominations to that important court. These procedural controversies are in addition to significant substantive concerns raised by Justice Cook's record as an activist State judge. Similar to Justice Priscilla Owen, Deborah Cook's judicial record is replete with evidence of results-oriented reasoning.  Similar to Priscilla Owen, Justice Cook has demonstrated herself to be an activist judge. Justice Cook sits on a court that is numerically dominated by Republicans. Given the partisan politicization of the judiciary by Republicans over the last several years, one might expect that Justice Cook would be part of the Ohio Supreme Court's majority in all but rare instances and that the two Democratic judges might be the most frequent dissenters. However, Justice Cook is the most active dissenter on the Republican-dominated Ohio Supreme Court. She is the most extreme of her colleagues and demonstrates an inability to reach consensus with seemingly like-minded judges. I fear that if confirmed, her inability to reach a consensus would further polarize the Sixth Circuit, as well.  Justice Cook's dissents distort precedent, misinterpret legislative intent and demonstrate results-oriented reasoning in an effort to suppress workers' rights. She has repeatedly voted to protect corporations that have harmed or lied to employees. One example is Bunger v. Lawson, where a convenience store employee who had been robbed at gunpoint was denied psychological trauma remedies, while the employer had failed to install basic safety features such as a working phone and door locks. Similar to Justice Priscilla Owen, Justice Cook's own Republican colleagues have criticized her extremist opinions. The court in Bunger called Justice Cook's interpretation of the law ``nonsensical,'' and said that it, ``leads to an untenable position that is unfair to employees.'' Taking the position adopted by Justice Cook in her dissent would be, as the majority clearly stated, ``an absurd interpretation that seems borrowed from the pages of Catch-22.''  Similarly, Justice Cook sought to deny workers compensation benefits to another employee in a case called Russell v. Industrial Commission of Ohio. In Russell, Justice Cook's dissent ignored the plain language of the statute and the relevant precedent regarding workers compensation benefits. The Court's opinion stated that Justice Cook's dissent:       lacks statutory support for its position [and she] has been      unable to cite even the slightest dictum from any case to      support its view . . . . [the] dissent's argument, which has      not been raised by the commission, the bureau, the claimant's      employer, or any of their supporting amici, is entirely      without merit. Russell at 1073-74.  I ask my colleagues, is this the type of judge who should be given a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench?  As a former prosecutor, I am also troubled by Justice Cook's opinions that repeatedly seek to disregard jury findings in powerful discrimination cases. Anyone who has ever tried a case to verdict before a jury knows how much time and effort goes into the lengthy process. For this reason, jury verdicts should be given the utmost respect on appeal. In Byrnes v. LCI Communications, Justice Cook voted with a 3-judge plurality to overturn a $7.1 million jury verdict for employees in an age discrimination case despite powerful evidence of statements made by the employer about the relative merits of having a younger staff. Evidence in the plaintiffs' favor in this case included blatant statements from the employer that he wanted ``to bring in young, aggressive staff managers and change out the old folks,'' and that ``some of the older folks there could no longer contribute.'' In Byrnes, the jury also heard testimony that the employer said a certain worker was, ``too old to grasp the concepts that he was looking for,'' and that he did not, ``want old marathoners in my sales organization . . . I want young sprinters.'' These statements are directly relevant to a jury's determination whether the employer engaged in age discrimination. Yet, Justice Cook demonstrated her lack of respect for the jury's role in our system of justice by voting to overturn the jury's determination. Unfortunately, this case is not an isolated incident. Justice Cook also voted to overturn jury verdicts in other discrimination cases such as Gliner v. St. Gobain Norton Industries and Perez v. Falls Financial Incorporated.  In addition to her apparent bias against workers' rights, Justice Cook opposes the rights of consumers and victims even in the most compelling cases. For example, in Sutowski v. Eli Lilly, Justice Cook wrote for a divided majority that denied plaintiffs the ability to claim damage to their reproductive systems due to in utero exposure to DES, a drug known to cause cancer and reproductive disorders. She denied these victims the ability to rely on the market-share theory in their complaints against the manufacturers even though the market-share theory was virtually invented for DES cases where hundreds of companies manufactured the drug but the victims could have no idea by whose drug they were affected. Her colleagues in dissent severely criticized Justice Cook's opinion stating that she ``selectively quoted,'' from a prior Ohio case:       . . . to create the impression that the General Assembly is      the only appropriate body to recognize the market-share      liability theory in DES litigation. The majority then uses      that misguided impression as a platform for launching into a      tortured analysis of Ohio's Products Liability Act. It is      here that the majority's shell game becomes most deceptive.  In another case, Williams v. Aetna Finance, Justice Cook dissented from the majority's affirmation of the trial courts' holding that an arbitration clause was unconscionable in a case involving a scheme to defraud elderly African American home owners into home improvement loans at exorbitant rates.  These are just a few examples of the hundreds of cases that Justice Cook has decided as a State court judge. They provide a picture of a judge with a proclivity for stretching the boundaries of precedent to rule against victims and workers in favor of corporations. On the substance of her record as a judge, I have concluded that Deborah Cook is a conservative activist who is hostile to consumers, victims, workers and civil rights. The prospect of elevating this activist judge to a lifetime appointment to the Federal bench has generated a significant amount of controversy. We have received letters of opposition from many national organizations that represent labor and consumers, as well as local citizens groups and law professors who oppose her nomination to the Sixth Circuit.  Justice Cook's nomination was forced out of the Judiciary Committee over the objection of the Democratic Senators and in violation of our longstanding Committee rules. The Democratic members of the Committee sought additional time to debate her nomination. Such requests have always before been honored on the Judiciary Committee, which for 24 years had a rule providing protection for minority rights to debate. Rule IV requires the votes of 10 Senators to bring a matter to a vote and one of those votes to end debate must be cast by a member of the minority. In their determination to bring this controversial nominee to the floor in February, Republicans unilaterally overruled the Committee rules by not allowing a vote to end debateover the objection of Democratic Senators. Along with several other Senators, I voted ``present'' in protest of this violation of our rules and rights.  Over the last several weeks our Republican and Democratic Senate leadership has discussed the violation of Senators' rights that occurred on February 27. I thank them for their attention to these matters and for working with us to address our concerns.  In addition, there is the serious matter of the mistreatment of previous nominations to the Sixth Circuit by the Republican majority. Deborah Cook is nominated to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, a court to which President Clinton had an impossible time getting his nominees considered. For years, the Sixth Circuit has been one of the prime targets of Republicans intent on ideological court packing. During President Clinton's entire second term, not a single nominee to the Sixth Circuit was allowed a hearing or a vote by the Republican majority. Three highly qualified, moderate nominees to the Sixth Circuit, Judge Helene White, Kathleen McCree Lewis and Professor Kent Markus, were all denied hearings and votes in the years 1997 through 2001. Republicans today fail to acknowledge that the vacancies that have plagued the Sixth Circuit in recent years are the result of their tactics to prevent any action on any of President Clinton's nominees.  Judge Helene White of the Michigan Court of Appeals was nominated in January 1997 and did not receive a hearing on her nomination during the more than 1,500 days before her nomination was withdrawn by President Bush in March 2001. Judge White's nomination may have set an unfortunate but unforgettable record. Her nomination was pending without a hearing for more than four years. She was one of almost 80 Clinton judicial nominees who did not get a hearing during the Congress in which first nominated. Unfortunately, she was also denied a hearing after being renominated a number of times over the next four years, including in January 2001.  Likewise, Kathleen McCree Lewis, a distinguished African American lawyer from a prestigious Michigan law firm was also never accorded a hearing on her 1999 nomination to the Sixth Circuit. This daughter of a former Sixth Circuit judge and Solicitor General of the United States was never accorded a hearing or vote by the Republican majority. Her nomination was withdrawn by President Bush in March 2001 without ever having been considered.  Professor Kent Markus was another outstanding nominee to a vacancy on the Sixth Circuit. He had served at the Department of Justice and was nominated by President Clinton in 1999, but never received a hearing before his nomination was returned to President Clinton without action in December 2000. While Professor Markus' nomination was pending, his confirmation was supported by individuals of every political stripe, including 14 past presidents of the Ohio State Bar Association and more than 80 Ohio law school deans and professors.  As Professor Markus testified last year, he was told by Republicans that some on the other side of the aisle held these seats open for years for a Republican President to fill, instead of proceeding fairly on the consensus nominees then pending before the Senate. The Republican majority was unwilling to move forward, knowing that retirements and attrition would create four additional seats that would arise naturally for the next President. That is how the Sixth Circuit was left with eight vacancies, half of its authorized strength, in 2001.  Had Republicans not blocked President Clinton's nominees to the Sixth Circuit, if the three Democratic nominees had been confirmed and President Bush appointed the judges to the other vacancies on the Sixth Circuit, that court would be almost evenly balanced between judges appointed by Republican and Democratic Presidents. That is what Republican obstruction was designed to prevent--balance. The same is true of a number of other circuits, with Republicans benefiting from their obstructionist practices of the preceding six and a half years. This, combined with President Bush's refusal to consult with Democratic Senators about these matters, is particularly troubling.  Long before some of the recent voices of concern were raised about the vacancies on the Sixth Circuit, Democratic Senators in 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000 implored the Republican majority to give President Clinton's distinguished and moderate Sixth Circuit nominees hearings. Those requests, made not just for the sake of the nominees but for the sake of the public's business before the court, were ignored. Numerous articles and editorials urged the Republican leadership to act on those nominations. The growing vacancies on the Sixth Circuit were ignored by the Republican majority.  The former Chief Judge of the Sixth Circuit, Judge Gilbert Merritt, wrote to the Judiciary Committee Chairman years ago to ask that the nominees get hearings and that the vacancies be filled. The Chief Judge predicted that by the time the next President was inaugurated, there would be at least six vacancies on the Court of Appeals. In fact, there were soon eight. Despite all these pleas, no hearing on a single Sixth Circuit nominee was held in the last three full years of the Clinton Administration. Not one. The situation was exacerbated further as two additional vacancies arose. And regrettably, despite my best efforts, this White House has rejected all suggestions to redress the legitimate concerns of Senators in that circuit that qualified, moderate nominees were blocked by Republicans Senators during the previous administration. Instead, the White House forwarded several extreme nominees to fill the seats that their party held hostage while leading the Senate during the prior administration.  When I scheduled the April 2001 hearing on the nomination of Judge Gibbons to the Sixth Circuit, it was the first hearing on a Sixth Circuit nomination in almost 5 years, even though three outstanding, fair-minded individuals were nominated to the Sixth Circuit by President Clinton and pending before the Committee for anywhere from one year to over 4 years. Despite the partisan treatment of President Clinton's nominees, I went forward. The conservative Judge Gibbons was confirmed by the Senate on July 29, 2002, by a vote of 95 to 0. We did not stop there, but proceeded to hold a hearing on a second Sixth Circuit nominee, Professor John Marshall Rogers, just a few short months later in June. This conservative was likewise confirmed last year.  Thus, the Democratically-led Senate proceeded to hold hearings, give Committee consideration and confirm two of President Bush's conservative nominees to the Sixth Circuit last year. With the confirmations of Judge Julia Smith Gibbons of Tennessee and Professor John Marshall Rogers of Kentucky, Democrats confirmed the only two new judges to the Sixth Circuit in the previous 5 years.  Under the current Republican leadership, our Committee raced to hold Justice Cook's hearing at the same time as two other controversial circuit court nominees, including Jeffrey Sutton. This triple hearing resulted in a marathon sitting lasting almost 12 hours. Most of the questioning focused on Jeffrey Sutton and relatively little time was dedicated to Justice Cook. Many Democrats serving on the Judiciary Committee requested an additional hearing for Justice Cook and Mr. Roberts. That request was denied for Justice Cook. We invited Justice Cook and Mr. Roberts to meet with us. That request was denied. Then Republicans overrode our longstanding Committee rules in order to report those nominations without proper consideration before the Judiciary Committee.  This nomination is one of a long line of divisive and controversial nominations on which this Administration and the Republican majority in the Senate insist. They are taking full advantage of their power after having unfairly refused to consider President Clinton's well qualified, moderate nominees and now insisting that the administration's ideological court packing scheme be put into effect. The ideological takeover of the Sixth Circuit is all but complete with the confirmation of Judge Gibbons, Professor Rogers, Mr. Sutton and now Justice Cook.  