President, I thank the senior Senator from Connecticut for his words. We need to come together to craft effective legislation. If we do, we will resolve this asbestos litigation crisis.  The senior Senator from Connecticut has done yeoman service in bringing together the affected industries--the insurance companies, labor, and others--in meeting after meeting. I convened the first Senate Judiciary Committee hearing last September on asbestos litigation. We wanted to begin a bipartisan dialog about the best way to provide fair and efficient compensation, both to current victims and those yet to come.  Since last fall we have learned a lot about the harm wreaked by asbestos exposure. The victims continue to suffer, the numbers continue to grow, but the businesses involved in the litigation, along with their employees and their retirees, are suffering from the economic uncertainty surrounding this issue.  More than 50 companies have filed for bankruptcy because of asbestos-related bills. We have a lose-lose situation. The victims who deserve fair compensation do not receive it, and the bankrupt companies cannot create new jobs or invest in the economy. That is why Senator Dodd and I have been working for months with Senator Hatch, Senator Carper, Senator Nelson, Senator DeWine, and others trying to bring together industry and labor and others for a national trust fund solution. The summit Senator Dodd had last month of all the stakeholders is bringing them closer together to find common ground.  We have made great progress since that summit. I have heard from all the parties involved since Senator Dodd brought them together. They found that some of the differences they had started to go away. Chairman Hatch has worked hard drafting asbestos legislation. He put in a draft yesterday.  I agreed to take all these cases, if we can, out of the tort system, and establish a national trust fund. I agree the national trust fund has to contain medical criteria to quickly compensate legitimate victims and weed out frivolous claims. Our effort is so unprecedented that we have to work closely together.  I close with this: The only kind of legislation that will pass through here this year or next is going to be consensus legislation. If we are going to have consensus legislation, we must all continue to work on a final plan. We are not there yet. We are getting closer. We are still not there.  I commend the Senators on both sides of the aisle. We will work together throughout the recess in the hopes we can get back to that.  