President, I have listened to my friends on the other side of the aisle who have come to the Senate floor this morning to criticize the senior Senator from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy.  Last week, Senator Kennedy, speaking for millions of concerned Americans, challenged the President and his advisers for misleading the country about the war in Iraq.  Every Senator is free to disagree with the views of another Senator. That is the nature of debate. But too often, officials in this administration, and some of my Republican friends, have questioned the patriotism, and the right to disagree, of those who criticize policies they believe are fundamentally flawed.  Senator Kennedy has asked hard and important questions about a policy that--contrary to what the American people were told to expect--has already resulted in the loss of life or limb of hundreds of American soldiers and is costing billions of dollars with no end in sight.  The reality is that since the fall of Baghdad, practically everything the White House and the Pentagon predicted about Iraq has turned out to be wrong. Yet you would hardly know it from listening to officials in Washington who consistently give evasive and overly optimistic assessments.  The administration's own shifting statements show that the threat posed by Iraq was not what we were led to believe.  Just a few months ago, Vice President Cheney insisted that Saddam Hussein had reconstituted nuclear weapons. No weapons of mass destruction have yet been found.  Last week, Secretary Powell said the use of chemical weapons against the Kurds was the justification for a preemptive war 15 years later. As much as I admire and respect the Secretary, that is grasping at straws.  For months, the White House and the Pentagon tried mightily to draw a connection between Saddam Hussein and the attack against the World Trade Towers. Last week, the President belatedly conceded that there was no link.  Vice President Cheney said our troops would be treated as liberators. I am sure that most Iraqis are grateful that Saddam Hussein is gone. I am too. But it is clear the Iraqi people increasingly don't want us there.  We should all be concerned that when our soldiers--who have performed so bravely--are ambushed and killed, there seems to be increasing jubilation in the streets, and not just by the remnants of Saddam's regime.  Then, there is the issue of cost. Five months ago we passed a wartime supplemental with $2.5 billion for reconstruction in Iraq. At the time, we were told that was all that U.S. taxpayers would be asked for this year. That, we have learned, was a gross miscalculation.  Former-OMB Director Mitch Daniels said the total cost would be between $50 and $60 billion. Deputy Defense Secretary Wolfowitz said:  We're dealing with a country that can really finance its own reconstruction, and relatively soon. The oil revenues of that country could bring between $50 and $100 billion over the course of the next two or three years.  We now know those predictions were wildly off the mark.  We are also paying other countries to support us. The State Department's own documents show that since April, the United States has provided almost $4 billion to coalition partners, other nations who supported our efforts in Iraq, and allies in the region. This does not include billions of dollars in loans.  Now the President wants another $87 billion for Iraq. Within a year, we will have spent far more than $100 billion, and it is clear that the administration will be back for many more tens of billions of dollars before next year is out.  We don't have this money in the bank. It is red ink. We are headed for a $1 trillion deficit, which will fall squarely on the backs of our children and grandchildren. That could very well be our most lasting legacy.  We are spending all this money in Iraq, but there is no supplemental to help the hundreds of thousands of Americans who have lost their jobs here at home. There is no money to fix our dilapidated public schools. There is no money for health care for the millions of Americans who lack health insurance. None for low income housing for Americans living in poverty.  I hope my Republican friends who have rushed here to defend the President's preemptive war and his policy of nation building, are also concerned about how much it may cost, how long it may take, and how many American troops may be needed in the years to come. They should be asking these questions too.  We cannot continue to drift along, spending more than $1 billion a week, with no plan other than business as usual, no realistic time table, every week another four or five Americans killed or wounded, and the growing resentment of the Iraqi people.  It is long past time to abandon the same old ``go it alone'' strategy. We need to get the international community involved. We need to work towards bringing our soldiers home sooner rather than later.  