This well qualified nominee is the product of the exemplary bipartisan commission that Senators Feinstein and Boxer have worked so hard to maintain. It is a testament to their diligence that we have such stellar nominees heading to California's federal courts.  Judge Burns has been a United States Magistrate for the past six years in San Diego. Prior to becoming a Magistrate, Mr. Burns gained significant trial experience as a State and federal criminal prosecutor. Judge Burns has also served as a mentor to disadvantaged students, assisting them in achieving their educational and career goals. He was honored for his work in this area with a Faculty Mentoring Award from San Diego State University in 1996. In addition, he has taught legal courses at both the undergraduate and graduate school levels at several San Diego universities. In light of his remarkable record of public service and trial experience, it is not surprising that the American Bar Association was unanimous in its determination that Judge Burns is ``Well-Qualified'' to be a federal district court judge.  The Southern District of California the busiest federal district in the nation. Last Congress, in enacting the DOJ Reauthorization legislation, we created the seat that Judge Burns is nominated to in an effort to alleviate their staffing shortage. In light of their demanding caseload and corresponding staffing needs, the Judiciary Committee expedited nominations to the Southern District. Judge Burns was nominated on May 1, 2003 and was voted out of committee on September 4, 2003. It is unfortunate that Judge Burns and another nominee for this court have been pending on the floor all month but I am pleased that we are voting on Judge Burns today. The path of his nomination demonstrates that the fact that the Senate can act expeditiously when we receive well-qualified, consensus nominations on courts that need additional judges.  Another consensus nominee for another vacancy in that district remains on the Senate executive calendar awaiting action. I implore the Senate Republican leadership to allow a prompt vote on the nomination of Dana Makoto Sabraw. I expect thatvote to be unanimously in support, as well.  Senator Feinstein also deserves much credit for working so hard to create these additional judgeships in the Department of Justice authorization we passed in 2002. These judgeships are among those we created for border districts that have a massive caseload and that needed more federal judges. We did what the Republican majority refused to do in the years 1995 through 2000 when there was a Democratic President, namely, create additional needed judgeships for the Southern District of California. We did so under Senate Democratic leadership with a Republican President. They have been available to be filled since July 15.  The Judiciary Committee held hearings of Magistrate Judge Burns and others just before the August recess and they were unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee at our first meeting on September 4. That was three weeks ago. In addition to the nomination of Dana Makoto Sabraw, which is already favorably reported and on the Senate executive calendar awaiting action, two more nominees to two additional vacancies recently created for the Southern District of California should be considered and reported by the Judiciary Committee tomorrow.  I congratulate the California Senators on their outstanding work and this nominee and his family on this confirmation.  