 Again, in 29 years here, I have been accustomed to some hyperbole and some interesting changes of statistics and even quotes. I have great respect for my dear friend from Utah, but, man, he has hit the trifecta of the hyperbole in the out-of-context quotes.  Of course, what he does not point out, when I spoke of filibusters on this floor, I was talking about the one-person anonymous hold filibuster on Sonia Sotomayor. It was only after a public outcry that she was allowed a vote and she had overwhelming support in this body--not somebody who was almost 50-50 or 52-48, she had overwhelming support. But she was not allowed to get a vote. And even that took 2 years of putting her life on hold. Editorial writers from the right to the left said: Give this woman a vote. This was a consensus candidate.  We hear about all the ones who got votes. For some reason, there seems to be a reluctance by my friends on the other side to talk about the 63 who were never allowed votes. They wereblocked because one Republican would anonymously say no.  I don't find the record of cooperation during the Clinton years to be anything to brag about. Sixty-three fine men and women were blocked and never given a vote. In fact, when President Bush took office, there was an unprecedented number of vacancies in a lot of the circuits. Why? As testimony before our committee showed, because the nominees were told by Republican Senators: We think you are great. We think you would make a good judge. But we have been told we are not allowed to move you forward, we are not allowed to give you a vote. We are not allowed to give you a hearing because someday there will be a Republican President and he will want to fill those vacancies.  Notwithstanding that, when I was chairman, even though it pained me to do it, I allowed those vacancies to be filled by President Reagan's nominees, by President Bush's nominees, even though in testimony before our committee the nominees said they were told by Republicans they would never be allowed to have a vote.  I don't hear the other side talk about the 63 who were given a one-person filibuster, anonymously, whether they were judges from Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, Michigan, or elsewhere. They were blocked by these one-person anonymous holds. Sometimes it was not too difficult to realize who the hold was because it was usually from their own State.  Of course, there were many others. As the distinguished Senator from Utah has said in his own writings, the Democratic President would consult with him on different people and he would tell them no, do not even send this one up, they will not get a vote. So they never came forward. I guess on inaugural day that consultation stopped.  We have confirmed 168 and held back 4. Is anyone going to tell me with a straight face that in the Bush administration, with all the promises they have made to the far right, there are not a whole lot of pro-life judges in here? Of course there are. Many have been very clear, saying they were pro-life, but I voted for them because I believed they could be fair, they would be judicious, they would follow the law, they would follow the precedence and not their personal inclinations.  When I hear of the crocodile tears about Ms. Kuhl, saying she was a young person writing a memo for the Reagan administration, do not hold that against her--come on. She was not only writing a memo, she was a spear carrier for Bob Jones University.  Now I know Bob Jones University is kind of a pet of the other side, but this is a university where the founder and philosophies are anti-Catholic, anti-Mormon, anti-Black. Yet we are supposed to say, forget the fact she was anti-Catholic, anti-Mormon, anti-Black in her support of this, she was only doing her job. She was only doing her job.  A lawyer has a right to follow their conscience. If a lawyer has a client and says: Go out there and take a position that really should not be sustained--in this case, a position on Bob Jones University--you ought to say: No, I quit. I quit. We have seen many instances of that in the past.  Not counting the time for the leader, how much time remains to the Senator from Vermont?  