President, on May 1, 2003, the world lost one of those rare people who die long before their time but who touch the lives of more people than most of us do in a lifetime far longer.  I did not know Mike Jendrzejczyk well, although I had met him. I did know of his work, and my staff worked closely with him for over a decade. Shortly after Mike's sudden death, the New York Times and the Washington Post printed obituaries which described at length Mike's extraordinary career. I will not repeat what was written there, other than to say that they were remarkable for a person so young. They portrayed very movingly the extent and impact of Mike's work in the field of human rights.  It was because of Mike Jendrzejczyk and his colleague Sidney Jones at Human Rights Watch that I first became concerned about human rights violations in East Timor and Indonesia. In 1991, it was Mike's encouragement and advice that enabled me to sponsor the amendment which prohibited Indonesian military officers from participating in the International Military Education and Training program, after they slaughtered an estimated 200 peaceful demonstrators in a cemetery in Dili, East Timor. It was also Mike who helped me with a similar amendment after the Indonesian military orchestrated the mayhem in East Timor following the independence referendum there in 1999. Those were difficult issues, and the amendments were controversial. Without Mike's guidance, they would not have become law.  Today, as the Indonesian military launches a major attack against rebels in Aceh, the potential for widespread human rights violations is of great concern. Mike's absence will make it far harder for us to monitor what is happening there, and people in Aceh and throughout Asia will suffer because he is no longer here to stand up for them.  Mike was also a regular source of information and advice on Burma, Cambodia, and China, and many of the initiatives we have undertaken in those countries were a result of his input. I can remember an appearance of Mike's on ABC's Nightline when he spoke passionately about human rights in China.  Mike was so effective because of his ability to balance his deeply held beliefs about human rights with his understanding of the political realities we deal with every day here. He was a close observer of events in Southeast Asia. He saw opportunities for the U.S. Government to act to support the development of civil society and to protect human rights, the rule of law, and individuals who were persecuted for their political beliefs, and his recommendations to us of what action to take reflected his best judgment of what was possible.  Anyone who knew Mike, as my staff did over the course of so many years, saw that he was motivated out of a deep commitment to the rights and freedoms that the United States stands for. He believed, as I do, that those rights and freedoms are universal, and that Asians, like people in so many countries, yearn deeply for the right to express themselves and to associate freely, without fear of persecution. Throughout his career, Mike was a source of hope and support to thousands of people who he never met.  His goal was for Asian people to have the chance to enjoy those same rights and freedoms, and for the United States to live up to its own ideals, and he worked tirelessly to achieve those goals. They are goals I share, as do many others here. They are goals that I will continue to work towards in Mike Jendrzejczyk's memory.  