President, I rise to discuss a provision that the Senate agreed to earlier today and that is of particular importance for my State of Vermont--my amendment to appropriate $10 million for the Crime-Free Rural States Program. I worked to authorize this program last year in the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act, which was signed into law last November.  This program will provide crucial law enforcement assistance to rural States that are struggling with a variety of crime problems. It provides for grants to State criminal justice, Byrne, or other designated agencies to develop rural States' capacity to assist local communities in the prevention and reduction of crime, violence, and substance abuse.  This program gives States the flexibility to use the funding where it is most needed. For example, Vermont is suffering terribly from a rapid increase in the abuse of heroin that has put an extraordinary burden on our communities and our law enforcement agencies. Vermont could use the money provided by this program to help local governments address this crisis.  Rural States face unique problems in their efforts to reduce crime, with small numbers of law enforcement officers responsible for protecting widely-dispersed communities. As drugs andviolent crime have become more prevalent in remote regions of our Nation, law enforcement officers in those areas have seen their jobs become increasingly difficult. This program, which States would administer with the assistance of the National Crime Prevention Council, would help State and local law enforcement by promoting innovation in the development of crime-fighting technology and by funding the development of statewide strategic plans, including performance targets to ensure the funding is well-spent.  This program will provide crucial assistance to rural States. I thank Senators Stevens, Byrd, Gregg, and Hollings for accepting it as part of the managers' package. In addition, I urge the conference committee that will reconcile the House and Senate-passed bills to retain this provision, and give rural States assistance they so desperately need.  