President, I thank my good friend from New Mexico. I commend him for his amendment. What the Senator from New Mexico has pointed out is the reality behind the rhetoric; perhaps, to some extent, the honesty behind the headlines.  Like so many others, I have read with interest and a little frustration the press articles, the letters to the editor, the other expressions of view by various people about how Congress needs to ``step up to the plate'' and fund the President's global HIV/AIDS initiative. Of course, we should fund it. This is far more than a Presidential initiative. It is the culmination of years of work by Members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, and the White House and many private groups to significantly increase funding to combat the spread of AIDS.  When I talk about the reality behind the rhetoric and the honesty behind the headlines, I recall how right up until the end of last year the White House was actively opposing efforts by Senators, particularly Senator Durbin, to provide emergency funding for this purpose. In fact, the White House refused many times to declare AIDS an emergency.  This January in his State of the Union Address the President announced a 5-year, $15 billion global AIDS initiative. The President received a lot of praise for that announcement. He should have. In fact, Iam one of those who did praise him for it. And he deserves credit for speaking out more than any previous President about the need to combat AIDS. I commend him for going to Africa, and for calling for greater efforts to fight AIDS, which has ravaged those countries.  But whether he intended it or not, the President's State of the Union announcement created the expectation that the administration would provide $3 billion toward this initiative in 2004, a reasonable expectation when you consider that there are 15,000 new HIV infections every single day. In 40 days, that is an amount equal to the entire population of my own State of Vermont.  The United States Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Act of 2003, which passed last month--and we all recall, with very strong support from the President--reinforced this expectation because it authorized up to $3 billion for these programs in 2004.  I support that funding. In fact, while it represents a significant increase over the current level of funding, it is way short of what a country as wealthy as ours, the wealthiest Nation in history, should be spending to fight the worst public health crisis that history has ever known. But let's look at what has happened since then.  After the headlines were over, after the meetings at the White House were over, after all the photo ops were over, the President did not include $3 billion to fight AIDS in his 2004 budget. He provided $2 billion, not $3 billion.  In fact, depending upon who you ask in the administration, it is not even $2 billion. It is somewhere between $1.65 and $2 billion.  Let's assume it is the full $2 billion. That is $1 billion less than what he promised. And then when the Republicans in the House Appropriations Committee met, they provided in their allocation for foreign assistance, which includes funding to fight AIDS, an amount which cut the President's $18.8 billion foreign assistance budget by $1.8 billion. The Senate cut it by $800 million.  So what happened is, the President underfunded his own AIDS initiative by one-third when he actually sent his proposal to the Congress, and then the Republican-controlled Congress cut his budget even more. So now we are faced with the impossible task of finding $3 billion in a total budget that is considerably less than the President's budget which was already too little.  I am growing weary of hearing in the press: Now it is up to the Democrats to find the $3 billion to back up the President's promise. First off, it was not his initiative. It was a joint initiative of many. Secondly, he didn't include the money in his budget. And even with the amount of money that he did include in his budget, the Members of his own party cut it even deeper. Actually, if the Members of the President's party agree with the promise he and they made, they ought to be offering this amendment themselves, at least vote for this amendment.  The amendment says we want the President's promise to be fulfilled because if the Members of the President's party don't vote for this, what they will have done, as so often happens here, is pass a big authorization bill, pat themselves on the back, have the photo ops, accept the praise about finally getting serious about fighting AIDS and then, when the cameras have gone home and it comes time to appropriate the money, they say no.  Let's find the $3 billion. One easy way would be for the President to send up a budget amendment that actually asks for the amount of money that he promised. And then the Congress needs to declare AIDS an emergency, which we all agree it is, and appropriate the additional $1 billion.  I commend the Senator from New Mexico for his amendment.  And I take the President at his word, that he does feel strongly about the AIDS crisis and that he intends to do something about it. But words won't prevent AIDS. Words will not provide treatment to those suffering from it. Words are not enough to fight the worst epidemic in recorded history. It is going to require money, too.  The President has said the right things but now it is sort of like ``the check is in the mail.'' He has to write the check and he has to tell members of his own party who have voted for the President's budget, which actually cuts his promise substantially: Look guys, I made this promise; we have to stand up and vote for it. I think he would be doing a very good thing if he did. We are not going to cure AIDS overnight. We are not going to stop every new case. But we know how to slow it considerably.  We are going to see civil strife and conflict especially in Africa, and calls for the United States to send troops. And when you look to the root causes, it will be AIDS that is part of the problem.  We have been blessed in this Nation with the most wealth of any people in history. We should ask ourselves: Don't we have a moral responsibility to do everything we can to help those who are less blessed?  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of Senator Bingaman's time and I yield the floor.  