Judge Adams, incidentally, is named to replace Judge George Washington White, so we have the historical circumstance of another John Adams following another George Washington.  Judge Adams has had an admirable career as an attorney and a judge. He has worked in private practice and served as a prosecutor. He has handled civil matters as well as criminal, and he has devoted a significant amount of time to issues beyond his law practice. As a judge, Mr. Adams has been a member of the Summit County Civil Justice Commission, whose goal is to institute reforms in the administration of civil justice in Summit County, and the Summit County Criminal Justice Coordination Council, whose goal is to make recommendations and oversee the operations of the criminal justice system and corrections in Summit County. He is also involved in the Ohio Community Corrections Organization, which tries to work together to develop, improve, expand, and promote adult and juvenile community corrections by bringing judges, prosecutors, defense attorneys, law enforcement officials, treatment providers and other parties together to work toward common goals of community intervention for offenders.  Judge Adams has been involved in a number of other charitable, civic and professional organizations. He is a life member of the NAACP. He has also served as a member of, among others, the following organizations: the Summit County Mental Health Association, part of a network of professionals and volunteers committed to improving America's mental health and seeking victory over mental illness. His is the sort of solid record of accomplishments, and not ideology, that the President should try and seek out in his future federal court nominees.  I congratulate Judge Adams and his family and friends on his confirmation.  Today the Senate will also vote on the confirmation of Robert Junell, nominated to the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas. His will be the eighth of President Bush's district court judges confirmed to serve in the State of Texas. Seven of those judges were given hearings and votes during the 17 months I served as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. That was nearly one judge for Texas every other month, in addition to the four United States Attorneys and three United States Marshals who were reviewed and confirmed in that period of time.  This is in great contrast to the fate of many of President Clinton's nominees from Texas, who were blocked and delayed by the Republican majority, including Enrique Moreno, nominated to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals who never got a hearing, never got a vote; Jorge Rangel, nominated to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals who never got a hearing, never got a vote, and; Hilda Tagle to the District Court, whose confirmation was delayed nearly two years for no good reason.  So I am glad to see another judge appointed to the Texas bench, and am confident he will serve with more distinction than at least one of his future colleagues, Judge Ron Clark. Judge Clark, a personal friend of the President's was among the judges we confirmed last year to a district court seat in Texas. Judge Clark's commission was not immediately forthcoming from the White House. We learned that Mr. Clark was quoted as saying that he had asked the White House to delay signing his commission while he ran for political office as a Republican so that he could help Republicans keep a majority in the Texas State House until the end of the session in mid-2003. The White House was apparently complicit in these unethical partisan actions by a person confirmed to the federal bench. Clark, who was confirmed to a seat on the federal district court in Texas, was actively campaigning for election despite his confirmation.  These actions brought discredit to the court to which Mr. Clark was nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate, and call into question Judge Clark's ability to put aside his partisan roots and be an impartial adjudicator of cases. Even in his answers under oath to this Committee, he swore that if he were ``confirmed'' he would follow the ethical rules. Canon 1 of the Code of Conduct for United States Judges explicitly provides that the Code applies to ``judges and nominees for judicial office'' and Canon 7 provides quite clearly that partisan political activity is contrary to ethical rules. In his answers to me, Mr. Clark promised ``[s]hould I be confirmed as a judge, my role will be different than that of a legislator.'' Yet, even after his confirmation he was flaunting the promises he made to me, to the Senate Judiciary Committee and to the Senate as a whole. That the White House was prepared to go along with these shenanigans reveals quite clearly the political way they approach judicial nominations.  Only after the New York Times reported these unseemly actions, did the President sign Judge Clark's appointment papers. Judge Clark then announced that he would stop ``campaigning'', but he insisted on reminding State voters that they still had a choice in the election in November. Hisname remained on the ballot. And indeed, he was elected to his old seat in the Texas Legislature.  I trust that Mr. Junell, who comes highly recommended by Representative Charlie Stenholm of Texas, and who has also been a member of the Texas House of Representatives, has a better understanding of the proper role of a Federal judge than did Mr. Clark, and will serve the people of the Western District of Texas with distinction. Mr. Junell has certainly worked hard during his varied career as a litigator and a politician to help numerous disadvantaged individuals. A life member of the NAACP, Mr. Junell is also a former member of the board of directors of the La Esperanza clinic.  I congratulate the nominee and his family on his confirmation.  With today's confirmation of Judge S. James Otero to be a United States District Judge for the Central District of California, the Senate is filling a vacancy that by all rights could have been filled years ago. Judge Otero, now serving on the Los Angeles Superior Court, will be filling a seat left open on the elevation of Judge Richard Paez to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in 2000. Judge Paez, of course, was nominated to that vacancy on the appellate court more than 4 years before he was confirmed.  Judge Otero's nomination is a good example of the kinds of bi-partisan candidates the President ought to be sending the Senate. He comes to us after being unanimously approved by California's bipartisan Judicial Advisory Committee--a committee established through an agreement Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer reached with the White House. This committee works to take the politics out of judicial nominations. It reviews qualified, consensus nominees who will serve on the Federal judiciary with distinction. Too often in the last 2 years we have seen the recommendations of such bipartisan panels rejected or stalled at the White House. Instead, they should be honored and encouraged.  I note that Judge Otero has contributed strongly to his community, working with and on behalf of Latinos nationally and in California. He has worked on a pro bono project for the Mexican Legal Defense and Education Fund, and served as a member of the Mexican Bar Association, the Stanford Chicano Alumni Association, and the California Latino Judges Association, among others. This stands in stark contrast to a nominee such as Miguel Estrada, whose nomination has dominated debate today. Judge Otero has taken many opportunities to help Hispanics and all Californians.  During the 17 months I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I worked hard to ensure that Hispanics were confirmed to the Federal bench, and I am proud of that record. Many Hispanics nominated by President Clinton were blocked or delayed by the Republican majority, and I did not want to see that repeated. Fine nominees such as Jorge Rangel, Enrique Moreno and Ricardo Morado were never given hearings. Others, including Judge Richard Paez, Judge Sonia Sotomayor, and Judge Hilda Tagle, were stalled for no good reason. I am proud that did not happen on my watch, I am glad to say that we quickly considered and confirmed nominees such as Christina Armijo to the District Court in New Mexico, Philip Martinez to the District Court in Texas, Jose Martinez to the District Court in Florida, Alia Ludlum to the District Court in Texas, and Jose Linares to the District Court in New Jersey.  I congratulate Judge Otero and his family on his confirmation and the people of California on a fine Federal judge to fill the seat of such Judge Richard Paez in the Central District.  