President, today the Senate will confirm the first new judge to the Fourth Circuit from North Carolina in 23 years as well as a nominee to the District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina. I want to thank Senator Edwards for his efforts to resolve the impasse that has stalled so many nominees from North Carolina. Part of his reward will be the service that Judge Allyson Duncan will soon be providing to the people of North Carolina as a member of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. When Senator Edwards obtained a hearing for Judge Duncan last month, her nomination had already progressed further than the Republican majority had allowed the nominations of Judge James Beaty, Judge James Wynn, and Judge Rich Leonard to proceed when they were nominated to the Fourth Circuit by President Clinton from 1995 through 2001. This confirmation means that North Carolina once again is represented on the Fourth Circuit.  In addition, Judge Duncan will be the first African-American woman to serve on the Fourth Circuit, a circuit that did not have an African-American judge until President Clinton appointed Roger Gregory 2\1/2\ years ago.  A good way to see how much faster we are proceeding on judicial nominations for a Republican President is to compare where we are in July of this year to July of any year during the last Democratic administration when the Republicans controlled the Senate. Over the last 6\1/2\ years of Republican control under President Clinton, the Republicans allowed only 19 judicial confirmations, on average, by July 16, and included only 4 circuit court nominees, on average, by this time. We have now doubled the number of judicial confirmations and more than doubled the number of circuit court confirmations.  On this day, in 1995, only 27 judicial nominations had been confirmed; in 1996, only 10; in 1997, only 6; in 1998 the confirmations totaled 33; in 1999, only 9; and in 2000 the confirmation total by this point of the year was 29. Today, we confirm the 37th and 38th judges so far this year. We have already confirmed more judges in only the seventh month of this year than the Republican majority was willing to confirm in all of 1999, in all of 1997, and more than twice as many as the Republican majority was willing to consider during the entire 1996 session. Vacancies in the courts stand at less than half of what they were during the Clinton years and we have more Federal judges serving than ever before.  Today, we confirm the 10th judge to the Courts of Appeals. This is more than were confirmed in all of 4 of the past 6 years when the Republicans were in the majority--in 1996, 1997, 1999, and 2000. And in the 2 other years, the Tenth Circuit nominee was not confirmed until much later in the year.  As I have noted throughout the last 3 years, the Senate is able to move expeditiously when we have consensus nominees. I am delighted that these North Carolina nominees have the support of Senator Edwards and Senator Dole and that we have been able to move forward so expeditiously to confirm them. Unfortunately, far too many of this President's nominees have records that raise serious concerns about whether they will be fair judges to all parties on all issues.  