President, I support this amendment and I congratulate my friend from Illinois, Senator Durbin. He has been a passionate, relentless advocate for increased funding to fight the horrific scourge of AIDS.  The foreign operations portion of this omnibus appropriations bill contains $791 million for international programs to fight AIDS. That is a lot of money, and I applaud Senator McConnell, the chairman of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, for including those funds, which is similar to the amount that was reported by the Appropriations Committee last July.  It is a lot more than we were spending to combat AIDS just 2 or 3 years ago. But think about it another way. The amount we expect to provide in 2003 on AIDS, which threatens the lives of each of the world's 6 billion people--is less than what my own State of Vermont, with a population of only 600,000 people, will spend on health care during that same period.  So while the United States is doing more than ever, and we can point to successes in several countries such as Uganda, Thailand, and Brazil, the reality is that the AIDS pandemic is out of control.  It is spreading faster, not slower. Forty million people are infected. Almost nobody is receiving treatment. Twenty five million people have died from AIDS-related causes, and at the current rate that number is expected to exceed 65 million by the year 2020.  The reality is that despite everything we have done and are doing, we are failing miserably to control this pandemic. Until we develop a strategy thatmatches the challenge, and until we start thinking in terms of billions, not millions, of dollars, we will continue to fail.  The alternative is unthinkable, but it is by no means far-fetched. 100 million deaths, 200 million, 400 million, this virus spreads exponentially and so does the cost of controlling it.  Imagine waking up tomorrow morning and learning that every single man, woman, and child--every single person--in Miami, Minneapolis, Atlanta, Denver, Boston, Seattle, Washington, DC, New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, Philadelphia, San Diego, Detroit, and Dallas combined had a virus for which there was no cure.  That is the reality in Africa today. Every hour--hour, not day, not week not month, every hour--AIDS buries another 250 Africans.  Within the next decade, at the current rate, more than 40 million children in Africa will lose one or both parents to AIDS.  Many of these children will end up on the streets, turning to crime, drugs or prostitution, driving the rates of HIV even higher, perpetuating this vicious cycle.  This is an enormous challenge for Africa, but it is an even greater challenge for the world.  Every day, another 12,000 people are infected and millions more continue to suffer needlessly.  In India,the infection rate is skyrocketing. In China, only 4 percent of the Chinese population even knows how AIDS is spread.  It is a grim picture, but there is a great deal we can do. We do not have a cure for AIDS and there is no vaccine in sight, but we know how to protect ourselves from the HIV virus. We can provide basic care to the sick, and mobilize communities to support the growing number of AIDS orphans.  We know how, for pennies a day, to treat the half of all AIDS patients who will otherwise die from the pneumonia, tuberculosis, or meningitis that prey upon weak immune systems. We have to get these drugs, as well as antiretroviral drugs which have been available in wealthy countries for years, to people in poor countries that need them.  We know how to reduce the transmission of AIDS from mothers to children. We must also care for the mothers who are sick, because a young child without a mother in these countries cannot survive.  We know all these things but, even so, we are failing. The disease is spreading out of control. What we lack, even after all these years, is a global plan.  This administration, as the one before it and the one before that, has no plan for how to mount a global campaign to combat the most deadly virus in history. There is no strategy for dealing with 40 million AIDS orphans, no strategy for getting treatment to the 40 million people infected today, or the 50 million who will be infected in another 3 years, no strategy for expanding education and prevention programs on the scale that is called for.  It is not enough to point to a few success stories, as important as they are. You have to look at the big picture. Despite everything we have done and are doing, we have failed miserably. This deadly pandemic is out of control, and the amount of money being spent is a pittance of what is needed.  If we are going to conquer--or at least control--this disease, we need to think differently about it. It sounds cliche and it has probably been said many times before, but we need the health equivalent of the Manhattan Project or putting a man on the moon. We need to increase our investment not linearly but exponentially. Where we are spending millions we need to spend billions.  Unless we start treating AIDS as a global health catastrophe, not just someone else's problem, we will face a far worse, and far more costly, crisis in the future.  The world faces immense challenges--from global warming to the threat of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons, to poverty on a vast scale. We cannot ignore any of challenges because they all affect the security of future generations of Americans.  But when those same future generations look back at this time and place, I believe they will judge us, more than anything, on how we responded to AIDS. It is the most urgent, the most compelling, moral issue of our time.  This amendment is a step, and an important one. I urge President Bush, who has shown real leadership in focusing our country and the world on combating terrorism, to think differently about AIDS. As serious a threat as international terrorism is, and we are spending many billions of dollars to protect ourselves from terrorists, measured by the number of victims it pales compared to AIDS.  Last year, the White House opposed an earlier amendment by Senator Durbin, to provide $500 million in emergency funding to combat AIDS. Because of the White House's objection, that amendment was defeated. I hope we do not repeat that mistake today because if AIDS is not an emergency, nothing is.  To those who would say we cannot afford the additional $180 million provided in this amendment, I say look at the past decade. Look at the past two decades. If we had only acted then. We could have saved tens of millions of lives and billions of dollars. Instead, there was monumental failure of leadership, and today we are facing costs that were unthinkable then.  Have we learned nothing? I hope we have. Let us pass this amendment.  