President, I will answer this way: We have diverted some 6 to 10 hours off the Energy bill now. I see my friend, the senior Senator from Nevada. I know over the years he has worked very closely with his counterpart on the Republican side and usually tried to work out a finite list of amendments to the Energy bill. Again, based on my experience, my years in the Senate--almost three decades--I find usually if we stay on a bill that is your important bill, if you do not keep going off it for the trade agreements about which the Senator from North Dakota spoke, or these various cloture motions, if we keep going off these bills, then nobody feels the pressure to work things out.  On the other hand, if we just stay on the bill and people bring up amendments, we will find which ones are close amendments and actually have a chance of being adopted and which ones are not going to be adopted. Usually the Republican and Democratic leadership get together and whittle down the finite number. Then, as the Senator from Pennsylvania suggested, we are usually in the position to find a time for a final vote.  My suggestion is that we use what he has suggested but stay on the Energy bill, work toward a finite list of amendments. We will then know when they are going to take place and how much time they are going to take. And then we will know when we are going to have final passage. We can do that and then go back to anything else they want.  If we are going to keep going back to these judges--as I said, we so far stopped two of President Bush's judges and confirmed 140, unlike the 60 of President Clinton's judges who were stopped by the Republicans, usually because someone objected anonymously. We have done it out here on the floor where we stood up on the nomination.  I am one Senator who actually takes seriously the role of the Senate. There are only 100 of us, and we are given the privilege to represent 270 million Americans. But we also have a very unique place. There is no other parliamentary body in the world quite like the Senate. We have this unique spot where we have checks and balances, especially on confirmations. The Constitution does not say advise and rubberstamp; it says advise and consent.  Nobody should underestimate our commitment to the independence of the Federal judiciary and to our constitutional duty to advise and consent on these lifetime appointments. Nobody should underestimate our commitment to the protection of the rights of all Americans--Republicans and Democrats, Independents--in every part of this Nation.  The Senate was intended to serve as a check and balance in our unique system of Government. We fail our oaths of office as Senators if we allow the Federal judiciary to be politicized, if we cast votes that would remove their independence.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to yield to the distinguished senior Senator from California.  