President, it is increasingly obvious that unwanted commercial e-mail is more than just a nuisance. Businesses and individuals sometimes have to wade through hours of spam. It makes it impossible for them to do their work. It slows down whole enterprises.  In my home State of Vermont, one legislator logged on to his server and found that two-thirds of the e-mails in his inbox were spam. Our legislator is a citizen or legislature. He does not have staff or anything else. This was after the legislator had installed spam-blocking software. His computer stopped about 80 percent of it. But evenafter he blocked 80 percent, two-thirds of the e-mail he had was spam.  The e-mail users are having the online equivalent of the experience of the woman in the classic Monty Python skit. She wanted to order a Spam-free breakfast at a restaurant. Try as she might, she cannot get the waitress to bring her the meal she wants. Every dish in the restaurant comes with Spam; it is just a matter of how much. There is eggs, bacon, and Spam; eggs, bacon, sausage, and Spam; Spam, bacon, sausage, and Spam; Spam, egg, Spam, Spam, bacon, and Spam; Spam, sausage, Spam, Spam, Spam, bacon, Spam, tomato, and Spam, and so on. Finally, the customer said: I don't like Spam. I don't want Spam. I hate Spam.  Now, I repeat that with apologies to John Cleese and everybody else in the Monty Python skit.  Mr. President, anybody who goes on e-mail, including every member of my family down to my 5-year-old grandchild, knows how annoying spam can be.  A Harris poll taken last year found that 80 percent of the respondents viewed spam as ``very annoying'' and 74 percent wanted to make it illegal.  Some 30 States now have anti-spam laws but it is difficult to enforce them.  There are actually billions of unwanted e-mails that are blocked by ISPs every day. Hundreds of millions of spam e-mails get through just the same.  Now, we have to be very careful when we regulate in cyberspace. We must not forget that spam, like more traditional forms of commercial speech, is protected by the first amendment. We cannot allow spam to result in the ``virtual death'' of the Internet, as one Vermont newspaper put it.  So what Senator Hatch and I have offered and is being accepted--the Hatch-Leahy-Nelson-Schumer amendment--would, first, prohibit hacking into another person's computer system and sending bulk spam from or through that system.  Second, it would prohibit using a computer system that the owner makes available for other purposes as a conduit for bulk spam, with the intent to deceive the recipient as to where the spam came from.  The third prohibition targets another way that outlaw spammers evade ISP filters: falsifying the ``header information'' that accompanies every e-mail and sending bulk spam containing that fake header information. The amendment prohibits forging information regarding the origin of the e-mail message.  Fourth, the Hatch-Leahy-Nelson-Schumer amendment prohibits registering for multiple e-mail accounts or Internet domain names and sending bulk mail from those accounts or domains.  Fifth, and finally, our amendment addresses a major hacker spammer technique for hiding identity that is a common and pernicious alternative to domain name registration--that is, hijacking unused expanses of Internet address space and using them to launch junk mail.  Now, penalties under the amendment are tough, but they are measured. Recidivists and those who send spam in furtherance of another felon may be imprisoned for up to 5 years. The sound of a jail cell closing for 5 years should focus their attention.  Large-volume spammers, those who hack into another person's computer system to send bulk spam, and spam ``kingpins'' who use others to operate their spamming operations may be imprisoned for up to 3 years, and so on.  Then, of course, we direct the Sentencing Commission to look at other areas.  So, Mr. President, I see my colleagues on the floor, Senator Burns and Senator Wyden, who have done yeoman work on this legislation. I compliment all those who worked together. I certainly compliment the two of them, as well as Senator Hatch, Senator Nelson, and Senator Schumer. I think we are putting together something that is worth passing.  