Mr. Colloton comes to us with bipartisan support from both his home-state Senators, for whom I have great respect. Steven Colloton currently serves as the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa. While I continue to remain concerned that, at 40 years old, Mr. Colloton received a partial not qualified rating from the ABA, he has a good academic record and has a record of public service in the state of Iowa.  I note that Mr. Colloton is the ninth confirmed circuit court judge who is a member of the Federalist Society and the third former member of Whitewater prosecutor Ken Starr's office to be confirmed to a Federal judgeship. I would like to take this opportunity to express my hope that Mr. Colloton acts as a fair and impartial judge, despite his active role in conservative political causes and groups. It was very troubling that another former Starr prosecutor confirmed to the Federal bench overlooked years of precedent to rule in favor of Vice President Cheney and against the American people's interest in open access to who was advising the administration on energy policy, a special concern in the aftermath of the blackouts in the Northeast this August.  Mr. Colloton's confirmation process stands in stark contrast to what occurred with judicial nominees during the Clinton administration. His confirmation process has been expeditious and smooth. In contrast, an earlier nominee to the Eighth Circuit from Iowa, Bonnie Campbell, never even received a vote before the Judiciary Committee following the hearing on her nomination. Ms. Campbell was a former attorney general of Iowa, a former head of the Department of Justice's Office on Violence Against Women, and a nominee who also had the support of both of her home-state Senators including a senior Republican Senator. Neither the nominee nor the Judiciary Committee members were ever told why the Republican majority refused to accord her nomination a Committee vote and, when given the chance to do right by her, President Bush instead decided to withdraw her nomination.  Another contrast exemplified by Mr. Colloton's confirmation process is the pace of confirming circuit court judges. Steven Colloton will be the 28th circuit court judge confirmed since President Bush has taken office. Again, this stands in strong contrast to what occurred during President Clinton's second term in office. More than 3 years passed in President Clinton's second term before the 28th circuit court judge was confirmed. And, we have already confirmed more circuit court nominees of this President, since July of 2001, than were confirmed at this time in the third year of President Reagan's first term, President George H.W. Bush's term, or either of President Clinton's terms.  Finally, I point out that with Mr. Colloton's confirmation, there will be as many active George W. Bush appointees on the bench as there are active George Herbert Walker Bush appointees. The President's father served 4 full years. This President has served less than three and already has made as much impact on the Federal courts across the country.  I congratulate Steven Colloton, his family, and the Senators from Iowa on his confirmation.  Madam President, to reiterate this will be the 28th circuit court judge confirmed since President Bush has taken office. For those who are wondering, that is more circuit court nominees confirmed than in the third year of President Reagan's first term or President George H. Bush's term or either of President Clinton's terms. We have done far better, I might say, for President George Bush than we have his three predecessors.  I will also note a contrast. Mr. Colloton's nomination moved very quickly, as contrasted to President Clinton's nominee for the same seat, Bonnie Campbell, who was never given a vote before the Judiciary Committee. Even though she had been a former attorney general of Iowa, she was the former head of the Department of Justice's Office of Violence Against Women, and she had the support ofboth of her home State Senators, she was never given a vote.  