President, with that confirmation of the New Mexican judge, the Senate will now have confirmed 135 judicial nominees of President Bush. These include 35 confirmed so far this year. I mention that number of 35 because I looked back to the third year of the last Presidential term--President Clinton's--when the Republicans controlled the Senate. They only allowed 34 judges to be confirmed in all of 1999. In fact, we have now confirmed more than twice the total number of judges confirmed in the 1996 session, when a Republican Senate majority refused to consider any circuit court nominees and confirmed only 17 district court judges in that entire session.  I mention that, Mr. President, because some believe this has become politicized. Well, maybe it was for 6 years, but it is not politicized now. We have actually reduced judicial vacancies to the lowest number in 13 years. Currently, there are more Federal judges on the bench than at any time in our history. We have confirmed 35 this year, and in the 1996 session with President Clinton, the Republican Senate majority refused to consider any circuit court nominees and only confirmed 17 district court judges during the whole session--half of what we have confirmed already.  At a similar time in President Clinton's term--the third year of the term--they allowed 34 judges to be confirmed the whole year. We have done 35 so far. By every single standard, during the time when the Democrats were in the majority and now, we have confirmed far more judges at a far faster rate for President Bush than the Republican majority allowed during the time of President Clinton.  I note that in the cases of both of today's nominees, the home State Senators include both a Republican and a Democrat Senator who supported the nomination; both worked for the nomination. Working with these home State Senators makes it far easier and makes the confirmation process proceed more smoothly.  I congratulate the nominees confirmed today and the four Senators who came together in a bipartisan effort to get them through.  I yield the floor.  