President, while I recognize the Nation needs a sound and balanced national energy plan emphasizing a clean, reliable, sustainable, and affordable energy policy, unfortunately this bill fails to do that. In my home State of Vermont we are proud of an environmental ethic that supports the increased use of clean and sustainable energy. Vermonters have a long history of taking good care of our natural resources, which has served our economy and ecosystems well. It is important to strike a balance when working to resolve environmental and energy problems. That is why I will continue to strongly support programs such as Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program.  While the Senate has been debating the energy bill on-and-off for the past few months, the debate has been fairly limited compared with the debate on the energy bill during the 107th Congress. During the 107th Congress, when the Democrats were in the majority, we debated the bill for 24 days over an 11-week span. During that time, the Senate adopted 126 amendments and rejected 18 others. At no time during the consideration of that bill, did the Senate try to limit debate by entering into a unanimous consent agreement to limit amendments. In comparison, we have had very limited debate on this bill and avoided critical issues.  Many of my colleagues offered common sense amendments that would have greatly improved the bill. This includes conservation measures offered by Senate Durbin that would have required cars, SUVs, minivans and cross-over utility vehicles to achieve a new fuel standard of 40 mpg by 2015 and would require pickup trucks and vans to achieve a CAFE standard of 27.5 mpg by 2015. Senators Cantwell and Bingaman offered several amendments to the electricity title to improve consumer protections. Senators Feinstein and Schumer offered amendments to reduce the impact of ethanol mandates on consumers in the Northeast. I am disappointed that all of these amendments failed.  Further, it should be noted this bill is fiscally irresponsible. Senators Wyden and Sununu proposed an amendment that would have struck from the energy bill a provision to make available Federal subsidies for nuclear power plants. This amendment was not against nuclear power but an amendment for Congress to be fiscally responsible to the American taxpayer. Unfortunately, this amendment failed earlier in the summer. Now the American public will have to subsidize an estimated $14-$16 billion for a source of energy that leaves many citizens concerned over their safety. Lastly, many other amendments that attempted to hold the administration accountable to environmental laws were rejected by my colleagues that will result in further degradation to the American public's natural resources.  If these amendments had passed, they would have reduced our dependence on foreign oil imports, maintain air quality protections, and conserve energy. Instead this bill forces the American people to pay for the construction of new nuclear power plants and increased oil and gas drilling.  The Senate had a real opportunity to put together a sensible energy policy that shifted the focus from nuclear power and offshore drilling to a clean, renewable, and affordable energy plan. Unfortunately, we failed to so this, and that is why I cannot support S. 14.  