President, I will refer to this in my statement. All of these were Republican filibusters and a few times a few Democrats joined with the Republicans in their efforts to block these nominees. Some of the Republican filibusters were successful, and some were not, but they all were filibusters and they all involved cloture petitions. A filibuster is still a filibuster even if it does not succeed in blocking the nominee forever. The Republican filibuster of Judge Paez's circuit court nomination proves that.  I fear that what the Republican majority is trying to do is rewrite Senate history in order to rubberstamp the Federal judicial nominees of this White House and that this will cause long-term damage to the Senate and the courts.  I have served in the Senate for 29 years. I have never seen a President so eager to divide rather than unite. I have never seen such stridency on the part of an executive administration or such willingness as this Senate majority's to cast aside tradition, the rules, and those things that give us a check and balance. It is unfortunate because the country expects more of us.  We see the most deliberative body on Earth--the Senate--not even debating the war we are about to go to in a matter of days, if the news accounts are correct, and we are talking about this because this is the Republican agenda, packing the courts.  In the debate Republicans have insisted upon, a number of fictions have been told. The cloture votes, the extended debate, and the discussion of the views of nominees is not anything new or unprecedented. What is going on here is unprecedented--with the Republican blank slate, no past history, and they think they can do whatever they want to do.  During the time when President Clinton was here and the Republicans were in charge, there were scores of nominees on which we didn't even have a vote. We had anonymous holds by Republicans. We didn't have up-or-down votes. Now, when we express genuine concern, now, when we say why can't Mr. Estrada show us the writings that he has said under sworn testimony he is willing to show us but the White House blocks him from showing us, somehow we are blocking. Maybe it appears that the Republicans like therules when they are using them, but they don't like the rules when we are using them.  Even though Republicans blocked some Hispanic nominees of President Clinton and scores of others, I must add that the debate on the nomination of Mr. Estrada is not part of any retaliation. We have genuine concerns about his nomination, his answers and the documents we have requested to better understand his unvarnished views. In addition, we worked hard to move quickly on the vast majority of this President's judicial nominations, to demonstrate our fairness and bipartisanship. In just 17 months, the Democratic-led Senate confirmed 100 of President Bush's judicial nominees, even though Republicans averaged only 38 per year. We more than doubled the rate of confirmation. We also held hearings for 20 circuit court nominees and confirmed 17 of them in just 17 months, following on the heels of a Republican average of just 7 circuit nominees confirmed per year, and one year in which they allowed zero circuit court nominees to be confirmed. So, we worked very hard to return the nomination process to a more consistent and steady pace, after the obstruction in prior years. So far this year, 5 judicial nominees of this President have already been confirmed.  The confirmation of 100 judges nominated by this President was not enough for Republicans to be satisfied. They want every one of this President's judicial nominees to be confirmed no matter their ethical record or record of activism or their controversy. They want every judicial nominee on the courts immediately despite the serious concerns raised by Senators and citizens alike. They want to pack the court with many divisive judicial nominees who will tilt the balance of the courts for decades to come.  The fact is, it appears to me, the decision is being made not here in the Senate but by a political arm of the White House.  They have made these controversial appointments despite the recent history of the moderate nominees to these circuits of President Clinton who were blocked. If we use the ordinary definition of filibuster, we could say that at least two of the vacancies on the District of Columbia Circuit were filibustered despite the well-qualified nominees sent up by President Clinton. They were never allowed to be voted on. They didn't make it to the floor. Republicans blocked nominees in a far easier way. They didn't even bring them up. They were nonpersons--almost like the old Soviet Union. When you looked at the picture of the Politburo, you would find out the next year when the picture was shown they were X'd out.  