President, I want to thank my dear friend, the senior Senator from Nevada, for his comments. We have served together for a long time, as he said, on the Appropriations Committee. I have been in the Senate with several hundred Senators. I have been fortunate. Like the Senator from Nevada, I never knew I was going to be a Senator. I grew up in Montpelier, the State's capital. It had only 8,500 people. I lived almost diagonally across from the Statehouse.  I remember as a child, probably about 4 years old, riding my tricycle through the halls of the Statehouse delivering newspapers to the Governor, playing on the Statehouse lawn, sliding in the snow. Suddenly one day, at the age of 34, I was being sworn in as a Senator and I think what a thrill it was. I was the junior most member of the Senate, but then I realized the best part of it is the people you get to know and serve with.  Nobody has been more of a help, a mentor, a conscience for me, than the Senator from Nevada. Every morning when I come to work I look at the Capitol and I think this is a nation of 260 to 270 million Americans, so diverse, and there are only 100 of us who get a chance to serve at any given time. Only 100 Americans get a chance to serve and represent the whole country. Out of that 100, only 4 get to be the leaders of their party, the Republican leader and the deputy Republican leader, the Democratic leader, the deputy Democratic leader.  I have served with a number of them, but I would say the Senator from Nevada, Senator Harry Reid, is one of the most extraordinary leaders the Senate has ever had. He has kept the old-fashioned virtue that was drilled into me by the first leader I knew, Senator Mike Mansfield. Senator Mansfield said, whatever you do--and this is far more important than how you vote--always keep your word.  No Senator has a higher reputation for integrity and truth-telling than the Senator from Nevada, and that means a lot to me. I do appreciate the way he has watched the floor and brought dignity and respect to this debate. I admire him for it because, just as with the distinguished Presiding Officer, we all bring different experiences to the Senate. We all have different reasons for being here and we all have different life experiences.  