I will be brief.  I have heard the arguments of my friend from Kentucky: Why stop things now ahead of this confirmation? Unfortunately, while a great deal of planning went into the war in Iraq--even though there was never any question of the outcome, because we are the most powerful nation history has ever known, of course, and we would succeed against a third-rate or fourth-rate military power like Saddam Hussein--it appears that very little planning went into what happens after the war. Of course, there have been more American casualties since the President said the mission was accomplished, the war was over, and as he famously taunted the Iraqis, ``Bring it on.'' Unfortunately, they did. But we saw first a general being placed in there, which didn't work, and we put Paul Bremer in there, again without much planning. The distinguished Senator from Kentucky said we had debate on the floor about the transfer from the Department of Defense to the State Department. That was defeated. I remember the debate very well. Interestingly enough, the talking points of the administration in opposition were that they are perfectly satisfied with having all of this coordinated by the Secretary of Defense. There was no need to place it anywhere but the Secretary of Defense. That was it, and the White House position carried.  What the White House talking points didn't say, and we all found out about 3 days later, was they had already made the decision to take it out of the Department of Defense and put it into Dr. Rice's office. Actually, moving it out of the Department of Defense had already been decided by the White House. But as often happens when we are told one thing and something else is being done, the talking points coming over from the White House said they had every intention of leaving it--in effect emphatically every intention of leaving it--under the direction of the Under Secretary of Defense.  That probably should have been the tipoff, that they were emphatic and intended to leave it there. They had already made up their mind to leave it there. Of course, that is not how it turned out. But I worry because if you have somebody who is in charge of more foreign assistance than the Secretary of State and the Administrator of USAID combined, both of whom require confirmation, if you give all of this power to someone who does not require confirmation, what does that say about our role in the Senate? What does that say about what we feel about transparency and accountability?  We are appropriating over $20 billion basically to be distributed solely as the Administrator feels he should. That is more than the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the USAID get to distribute, and they have to be confirmed. The answers were not forthcoming.  I think of the plan we were suddenly shown on the Appropriations Committee. I recall the distinguished Senator from West Virginia asked for more time and, of course, he could not get it. Ambassador Bremer came here, and we were given a plan. They had gone out, apparently, for a couple of months before saying what they were going to do. Then it turned out, amazingly, I know--I am just shocked to find this out--the plan was given only to the Republicans, maintaining the same kind of partisanship there is on this. We were supposed to ask questions of Ambassador Bremer. But only Republicans were allowed to see this plan paid for by the taxpayers of this country. When Democrats asked about it, he said, Well, I thought that had all been sent to you. Apparently the mail only goes to 51 Senators and not to the other 49.  Be that as it may, the plan was interesting. It did say the United States wanted to give the Iraqi people a chance to form a government and a country that would fulfill President Bush's vision for them. Some thought that was a little bit condescending to a country where civilization goes back long before this country's was ever discovered. At least we had a chance finally to talk about it.  The same way in which the White House told us the Secretary of Defense was the only one who should be in charge of this--we find they had already made the decision; They did not tell us about it--apparently they didn't tell the Secretary of Defense about it either. They were yanking it out from him and putting it with somebody else.  My point is, if we are going to give somebody $20 billion to buy $33,000 pickup trucks and $6,000 telephones for Taj Mahal jail cells and have scholarships that are not available to Americans but apparently will be to Iraqis, the person ought to be at least confirmed so we have a chance to ask questions.  I think the Senator from West Virginia is right.  I yield the floor.  