President, I am pleased that the Senate is passing legislation to extend family farmer bankruptcy protection through June 30, 2004.  Senator Grassley and I introduced S. 1920 to temporarily extend these protections that our farmers have come to rely upon for another 6 months because Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code is set to expire on January 1, 2004. But this is just a short term fix. We need to stop playing politics and permanently reauthorize the Chapter 12 family farmer protections.  Too many family farmers have been left in legal limbo in bankruptcy courts across the country because Chapter 12 of the Bankruptcy Code is still a temporary measure. This is the seventh time that Congress must act to restore or extend basic bankruptcy safeguards for family farmers because Chapter 12 is still a temporary provision despite its first passage into law in 1986. Our family farmers do not deserve these lapses in bankruptcy law that could mean the difference between foreclosure and farming.  In 2000 and 2001, for example, the Senate, then as now controlled by the other party, failed to take up a House-passed bill to retroactively renew Chapter 12. As a result, family farmers lost Chapter 12 bankruptcy protection for eight months. Another lapse of Chapter 12 lasted more than six months in the previous Congress. At the end of June, Chapter 12 lapsed once again.  It is time to end this absurdity and make these bankruptcy protections permanent. Everyone agrees that Chapter 12 has worked. It is time for Congress to make Chapter 12 a permanent part of the Bankruptcy Code to provide a stable safety net for our Nation's family farmers.  I will continue to work hard with Senator Grassley, Senator Feingold and others on both sides of the aisle to pass legislation that once and for all assures our farmers of permanent bankruptcy protection to keep their farms. In the meantime, we should quickly pass this legislation and prevent another lapse in this basic bankruptcy protection for our family farmers.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any statements relating to the billing be printed in the Record.  