President, I speak today about the Senate's vote on the President's request for an additional $87 billion in emergency funding for Iraq and Afghanistan, of which $65 billion is for military operations and $21 billion is for relief and reconstruction. The lion's share of the funds are for Iraq.  I attended the three hearings in the Appropriations Committee, when Ambassador Bremer, Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld, General Pace, and several other witnesses testified. Unfortunately, there was not nearly enough time in those hearings to discuss the details of a budget request of such enormous size and complexity. I was also disappointed that the hearings provided a one-sided perspective, as there were no witnesses from the U.S. Agency for International Development or the State Department, and no witnesses from outside the government.  I also reviewed the materials provided by the Office of Management and Budget in support of the request, whichare useful but devoid of detail. For example, a request for $800 million for police training in Iraq is justified with only three vague sentences.  It is also one thing to ask for $400 million to build two new prisons. It is another to fail to explain why on Earth it costs so much, when the price of labor in Iraq is half what it is in the United States. This is one of many examples--$33,000 pickup trucks that cost $14,000 in the U.S. and $6,000 satellite phones that sell in neighboring Jordan for $500, are others--that have been cited in the press and in speeches by Senators.  Of course there are things that need to be done in Iraq. But some of these costs are shocking and inexplicable.  The administration is cutting food aid for poor children in Nicaragua; a million children die of measles each year because they can't get the vaccine which costs pennies; a third of the world's people live in conditions most Americans would find appalling. Yet we are going to build wireless internet access on the Euphrates. It makes no sense.  And then we saw in last Thursday's New York Times that although this is a 1-year, emergency appropriation, only $6 billion, not $20 billion, can be effectively spent in Iraq next year. Could it be that the reason the White House wants this $20 billion now, and not a penny less, is because they do not want to have to defend this increasingly unpopular policy again next year before the November elections? I think the answer is obvious.  I cast my vote against this supplemental. This decision did not come easily. There are strong arguments pro and con. I know that I will be among a small minority. But for me, this is a matter of principle, and after a great deal of thought I have concluded that I can not support this proposal. I did not support the policy that got us into war alone. I do not support the tactics the White House has used to get this supplemental passed. And I do not support appropriating so much money, at one time, for an oil rich nation when the responsible thing would be to approve a portion of the money today and to revisit this again next year.  Before I explain how I reached this decision, I want to make three points.  First, I want to mention the issue of support for our troops. We all support our troops, who have endured great hardship and fought bravely. We worry about their safety. We have spoken to the grieving families of soldiers who have died. I and other Senators have worked to get them better protective equipment, after we learned that some were sent into battle in Iraq without bulletproof vests or the latest available armor for their vehicles.  But supporting the troops is not simply a matter of spending billions of dollars so they can remain in Iraq indefinitely, with no exit plan, targets in a guerrilla war that is likely to drag on for years. The President's policy that caused them to be sent there, and that will require them to remain there, must also be a policy that each of us who has to vote on this supplemental can support. And if we are to make good use of the taxpayers money, there must be an effective plan to implement that policy.  Second, it is beyond dispute that Iraq is infinitely better off without Saddam Hussein, whose rein of terror was a disaster for the Iraqi people and a blight on the civilized world. The Iraqi people have a chance to build the foundations of a more open, tolerant, peaceful and prosperous society. Whether they will succeed in that endeavor may not be know for many years, but I credit President Bush, Secretary Rumsfeld, our troops, and the Iraqi people themselves, for giving them this chance.  Third, I am voting against this proposal. If, instead, I thought the administration was being honest with the American people about its motives and its policy in Iraq and the Middle East; if this supplemental were designed to implement a credible plan to internationalize our policy rather than to continue a unilateral approach; and if this had not been a one-time only, take-it-or-leave-it, partisan approach in which almost every amendment offered by Democrats was defeated along party lines, my vote today might be different.  I want to be clear. Since 1989, I have served as either chairman or ranking member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee. I am a strong believer in foreign aid. Spent wisely, foreign aid is in our national interests. I am not opposed to helping Iraq rebuild. In fact, I supported the supplemental, passed in April, which contained billions of dollars to rebuild Iraq and to support our military operations there. I also voted for several amendments, which were defeated along party lines, which I believe would have improved this supplemental in important ways.  For example, the Byrd-Kennedy-Leahy amendment would have allowed $10 billion of the Iraq reconstruction funds to be spent immediately. The balance of $10 billion would be withheld pending a certification by the President that the U.N. Security Council has authorized a multinational force under U.S. command in Iraq and a central role for the U.N. in the political and economic development of Iraq, and a second vote by Congress. I am convinced that if we do not truly internationalize our policy in Iraq our troops will continue to face daily attacks, our efforts to rebuild will be in jeopardy, and U.S. taxpayers, virtually alone, will pay the skyrocketing costs.  The Biden amendment would have paid for the $87 billion by repealing a tiny fraction of the President's huge tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. I have no doubt that if the American people had been able to vote on the Biden amendment it would have passed overwhelmingly.  The Dorgan amendment would have paid for the reconstruction with revenues from future Iraqi oil sales. Yearly revenues from Iraqi oil are expected to reach $100 billion in less than a decade. This amendment, had it passed, would have lifted a portion of the staggering financial burden of this war off the backs of American taxpayers.  I offered an amendment, with Senator Daschle, to shift responsibility for rebuilding Iraq from the Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of State. The Pentagon's role is fighting wars, which they do superbly. It is not nation building. That is the role of the State Department. It is ironic that President Bush, who ridiculed the Clinton administration for nation building in the former Yugoslavia, is today defending the Pentagon's role in the biggest nation-building effort in half a century.  These are only four of the amendments that I supported, each of which was voted down because the White House and the Republican leadership opposed them.  Mr. President, in the weeks and days leading up to this vote, I have been guided by several things.  First is the importance of multilateralism. There is no realistic alternative in the 21st century to working collectively with other nations to combat terrorism and other grave threats to our security which extend far beyond our borders. Iraq, perhaps more than any foreign policy adventure in recent memory, illustrates the costs we pay for unilateralist thinking--the cost to our soldiers, to our relations with allies and the Muslim world, to our influence with other nations on so many critical issues, and to American taxpayers.  Second, I did not vote for the resolution that President Bush used to justify the invasion of Iraq. I felt it gave the President sweeping authority that the Constitution reserves for the Congress. I was also convinced that the White House, despite its protestations to the contrary, was determined to short circuit the U.N. inspectors and go to war alone.  This administration's policy has been driven by lofty, unrealistic ambitions; White House and Pentagon officials who were so convinced of their own version of reality that they felt no need to ask questions, not to mention listen to the answers; a presumption that other nations would follow us simply because of who we are; and a naive assumption that we would be embraced as liberators and that the Pentagon's chosen exiles, unknown to most Iraqis, would be quickly enthroned in the seat of power.  Detractors were silenced. Other nations were bullied. Members of Congress who did not fall into line were called unpatriotic. The administration's justification for a preemptive war, carried out not in self defense, not in response to 9/11, and without United Nations support, has changed from month to month, depending, it seems, on what the White House's polls say the American people will believe.  And third is my concern that in the 2 years since the tragedy of September 11th, President Bush has squandered the support of the rest of the world and has largely failed to build an effective global response to terrorism.  Mr. President, I am not among those who feel that everything we have done in Iraq has been a failure. To the contrary, thanks to the heroics of our soldiers--many hundreds of whom have paid with their lives and limbs--the Iraqi people have a chance to build a government they can be proud of. But the issues before us are far more complex than whether or not we should help Iraq. We should help in ways that are right for the Iraqi people, and right for the American people.  The question each of us must answer, for ourselves and our constituents, is whether this $87 billion, for the purposes for which the Administration has requested it, is the right way to do that.  Thinking back, as I have often done since President Bush launched an essentially unilateral, preemptive war against Iraq, I believe the President got off on the wrong foot from the moment he made that famous, or infamous, remark ``if you are not with us, you are against us.'' That statement was made shortly after September 11th, when the American people were feeling the brunt of that national tragedy, and it may have been reassuring to hear the President express his world view in such bold terms. But I, like many Vermonters, was uneasy about what the President said, and in retrospect I believe it represented a fundamentally flawed approach to the threat our Nation faced then, and will continue to face for years to come.  What the President's challenge has come to mean is that regardless of who you are, including our oldest, closest allies, if you do not agree with us we will ignore what you say, we will dismiss you as irrelevant, we will punish you if we can, and we will go our own way in spite of you. That, I believe, is a recipe for failure. It is beneath the United States. It weakens the United States.  Not only has the White House done grave damage to our foreign relations, it has squandered its credibility with the Congress and the American people.  After handily defeating Saddam Hussein's army, virtually everything this administration predicted about Iraq has turned out to be wrong. Yet one would hardly know that from listening to senior administration officials on television or in testimony before Congress. Rather than give an honest assessment of the pros and cons, they have preferred to make personal attacks against those of us who ask legitimate questions. Since jamming through a Gulf of Tonkin-like resolution last year, top administration officials have continually ridiculed those opposed to the war in Iraq, calling them pro-Saddam Hussein or pro-Osama bin Laden.  Only weeks ago, Secretary Rumsfeld accused those who were asking questions about the deteriorating security situation in Iraq of giving comfort to our enemies.  That is baloney. Every one of us wanted Saddam Hussein gone. But it is the duty of each Senator to ask questions when young Americans are dying overseas.  The administration said, over and over, that the reason we had to invade Iraq was because of weapons of mass destruction. The Vice President said, ``We believe he [Saddam Hussein] has, in fact, reconstituted nuclear weapons,'' although there was apparently virtually no evidence to support that.  But after blaming the United Nations inspectors for being duped, and after months of searching without any interference, the administration has yet to find any weapons of mass destruction. And now, as reported in the press, they want to spend another $600 million to continue the search.  Not long ago, the Secretary of State said the weapons were the chemical weapons used against the Kurds in 1988, before the first gulf war. The gassing of the Kurds was a horrific war crime, but as much as I respect the Secretary, it is absurd, and contrary to everything we were told a year ago, to use an atrocity of 15 years ago to justify a pre-emptive war.  In fact, when Saddam Hussein used mustard gas against the Kurds, the Reagan-Bush administration did little about it. And they continued to sell weapons to Saddam Hussein for years after. The Secretary of State was a member of that administration.  This Administration apparently has no idea what happened to the weapons of mass destruction, did next to nothing to secure the sites where it believed them to be after the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime, and now seems to want to forget about them altogether.  This time last year, there were daily warnings about mushroom clouds. Yet in his speech to the Nation on September 7, the President barely mentioned the issue.  This is not, as some have suggested, a partisan issue. It is an American issue. These are questions that get to the heart of U.S. security and credibility. Where are these weapons? Were they destroyed? Are they in the hands of terrorists, like the Islamic extremists who are flooding into Iraq to attack our troops? Are they in Syria or Iran? Was this a massive intelligence failure?  The administration's handling of this issue has severely undermined the credibility of our intelligence and of the President's justification for rushing into war.  The White House's other major justification for the invasion of Iraq was to fight al-Qaida and combat international terrorism. Over and over again, hardliners in this administration tried to make this connection. They created a special unit in the Pentagon. They worked hard to link Saddam Hussein with 9/11, even if the facts did not support it.  Only recently, after misleading a majority of the American people, did the President publically concede that there is no evidence of a link. Yet, Vice President Cheney continues to suggest there is. It would be helpful if the Vice President would agree with the President on this point.  Mr. President, I want as much as any person to mount an effective campaign to deter, prevent, and combat terrorism. But what we have been given is a partisan, ``take it or leave it,'' rushed approach costing scores of billions of dollars that is not backed up with a credible plan.  And by a plan I mean a detailed strategy that shows us a way to internationalize this policy and bring our troops home within a reasonable time.  Many in Congress, Democrats and Republicans, warned of the costs and pitfalls of fighting a war to enforce U.N. resolutions without the support of the U.N. Security Council, and of rebuilding Iraq without the support of other nations. Iraq is a complex country with a long history of ethnic and religious conflict, and it was crucial to have a sound postwar plan and a viable exit strategy. But the administration did not want to hear those warnings. I think my good friend Senator Hagel spoke for many of us, when he said the administration ``did a miserable job of planning the post-Saddam Iraq'' and ``treated many in the Congress, most of the Congress like a nuisance.''  We also know that the White House ignored concerns expressed by some in the administration, especially in the CIA and the State Department, about the difficulties and dangers involved. Instead, a small, secretive group in the Pentagon dominated postwar planning, and miscalculated. Vice President Cheney said ``[t]here's no question [that the people of Iraq] want to get rid of Saddam Hussein and they will welcome as liberators the United States when we come to do that.''  Many Iraqis are grateful. But the Vice President says almost nothing about the fact that our soldiers, who have performed so bravely, are under constant attack or threat of attack from terrorists and remnants of the Baathist regime. He and others in the White House don't talk about the hundreds of Americans who have died, or the nearly 2,000 wounded. And many of these injuries are not just a broken bone or scrapes. They are lost limbs. Lost eyesight. Lifetime disabilities.  The Secretary of Defense does not talk about the billions of dollars in this supplemental to repair damage caused by the catastrophic looting of government buildings, electric generating equipment, hospitals, oil refineries, railroads, and communications infrastructure, because the Pentagon did not plan for the war's end and did not have enough troops in place to keep order after the fall of Saddam's government.  This $87 billion request is made by the President of the party that just a few years ago gave great speeches in support of a constitutional amendment for a balanced budget. In fact, it was the Clinton administration that actually had the fiscal discipline to achieve a balanced budget, which President Bush inherited. President Bush and Vice President Cheney say they are deficit hawks. Yet today we are on the road to putting a $1 trillion deficit squarely on the backs of our children and grandchildren.  This is also a President who says we cannot spend another $1 billion in emergency funds to combat AIDS this year, a disease that kills 8,000 people every day. This Administration's AIDS initiative, which has such promise, is starting looking like more talk than action. Others here have recounted the statements of former chief economic adviser Lawrence Lindsey, who estimated that it would cost between $100 billion and $200 billion to rebuild Iraq. He was right, but his analysis was disputed again and again by administration officials who wanted to paint a much rosier picture. For telling the truth, he was forced out of the administration.  Former OMB Director Daniels said between $50 billion and $60 billion.  Deputy Defense Secretary Wolfowitz said ``We're dealing with a country that can really finance its own reconstruction, and relatively soon. The oil revenues of that country could bring between $50 and $100 billion over the course of the next two or three years.''  Andrew Natsios, Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development, said that $1.7 billion was all that America's taxpayers would have to pay. $1.7 billion. That is incredible.  These estimates were wildly off the mark. After so many misstatements, misjudgments, and distortions, I have no idea who to believe. This Administration has been wrong, wrong, and wrong.  As Senator Byrd has pointed out, this $87 billion brings to $194 billion the amount the United States is spending in Iraq and Afghanistan--more than twice what the administration had led the public to believe just a few months ago.  The 1991 gulf war, by contrast, cost $61 billion, of which the United States paid only $7 billion. That is $7 billion spent in 1991 compared to $194 billion today--almost 28 times higher, and this is only the beginning.  The $20 billion that the President wants for rebuilding Iraq is more than we are spending this year on foreign aid for the entire rest of the world. The $87 billion is one and a half times the amount we spend on education in the United States. It is larger than the total economies of almost half the states of the Union.  The administration hopes that it will receive an additional $55 billion for Iraqi reconstruction from other countries and Iraqi oil revenues over the next 2 years. But that, again, may be wildly optimistic.  We are going to rebuild Iraq and put the Iraqis back to work. The President says there is money for that--$87 billion. But there is no supplemental to help the millions of Americans who have lost their jobs here at home. There is no money to fix our broken public schools. There is no money for health care for 44 million Americans who are without insurance. None for affordable housing for the growing number of Americans living in poverty.  Instead of a plan, we get more rhetoric about winning the war on terrorism. Instead of specifics, we get abstract talk about democracy in the Middle East--civilizations that predate ours by a thousand years. This administration continues to support autocratic regimes in the Middle East, Central Asia, and elsewhere, whenever it suits them. Instead of a timetable and a detailed justification of costs, we get simplistic and inaccurate comparisons with the Marshall plan.  The Marshall plan, as I, Senator Daschle, and others have pointed out, bore little resemblance to what we are dealing with here. The most specific thing the President has talked about is the pricetag: $87 billion. This is staggering. It gave many Americans sticker shock and awe.  Their so-called ``plan'' is a July 23rd document, totaling 8 pages of text and 19 pages of a hypothetical time line. It is not a plan of anything. It is a vague statement of objectives, which begins by saying, not a little presumptiously, that ``now that Saddam Hussein's regime has been removed, the Iraqi people have the opportunity to realize the President's vision'' for Iraq. I wonder if anyone asked the Iraqi people about their own vision for their country.  This plan, which we did not receive until August 22--the day Ambassador Bremer came to testify before the Appropriations Committee--tells us only what has become obvious to everyone--the President sent our troops into war without a postwar plan.  Is everything going badly? No. Iraq is not engulfed in flames, as some press reports might suggest. The port has been rebuilt. Businesses and schools are opening. Electric power and health services are being restored. Rubble is being cleared. A new police force is being trained. There has been progress, and I commend Ambassador Bremer, USAID, and the many private voluntary organizations who are working assiduously in extremely difficult and dangerous conditions.  But there is another picture that the White House prefers not to talk about. The coordinated, deadly attacks against our troops and Iraqi police are growing in frequency. Aid workers are facing daily threats and acts of sabotage. Many relief organizations are evacuating their employees, as the U.N. has done. Horrific bombings of civilian targets are becoming routine. There is growing resentment among the Iraqi people.  Mr. President, we are at a crossroads, not only in Iraq, but in our relations with the rest of the world. A year ago, I listened as the President suddenly, inexplicably, changed his focus from defeating al-Qaida in Afghanistan to overthrowing Saddam Hussein. I listened to his reasons, which were unconvincing given what we knew at the time, and they are less convincing today. Like many, including some of my friends on the other side of the aisle, I urged patience. We were ignored.  We waited for the evidence. It was distorted and manipulated.  After a brilliant military victory, the postwar strategy and the justification for the war itself have largely evaporated. Faced with an $87 billion down payment on what is likely to be a far more costly, far longer United States involvement in Iraq, I have tried, through hearings and amendments, to promote an approach which I believe could succeed. But the White House and the Republican Majority have been inflexible.  This has been a difficult process. I do not believe the United States, having destroyed Iraq's government, should walk away. But neither can I support a policy that was ill-conceived from the beginning, has seriously eroded our influence with our allies, further poisoned our already frayed relations with the Muslim world and weakened the United Nations. It is a policy which cannot succeed over the long term without a significant change of course.  I have listened to some in the majority argue that ``we have no choice'' but to ``stay the course.'' We may have no choice but to stay in Iraq, but we do have a choice about the course. I believe we need to change course.  We should change course in three key ways.  First, as I and so many others have urged, we should internationalize our policy. The amendment I sponsored with Senator Byrd and Senator Kennedy would have helped do that, and the U.N. resolution that was adopted yesterday is a welcome and encouraging step, for which I commend Secretary of State Powell. But it is nothing more than an expression of good intentions. We have no idea if it will change anything, as this White House has steadfastly resisted meaningful input from other nations.  Will the multinational force be anything more than a fig leaf for an ongoing U.S. military occupation involving over 120,000 troops? Will other nations contribute significant resources? Or will U.S. taxpayers continue to shoulder 99 percent of the costs?  We need to know if the U.N. resolution represents the change in policy that is long overdue, or if it is nothing more than political cover to continue drifting along as we are today alone, with our troops under fire and U.S. taxpayers mortgaging their children's savings.  Second, we must do a far better job of protecting the taxpayers' money.Today we should be voting to appropriate not a penny more than the amount of funds that can be spent wisely in Iraq and Afghanistan during the next 12 months. It should be paid for by repealing a portion of the tax cut for the wealthiest Americans, as proposed by Senator Biden, not by increasing the deficit. By mid-year we should hold thorough hearings, and vote again on whether to stay the course.  Third, we should get the Secretary of Defense out of the business of nation building and put the Secretary of State back in charge. My amendment would have done that.  These are not radical alternatives, but the President's advisers decided that nothing was open for discussion. It has been their latest version of ``if you're not with us, you're against us.'' They have treated this supplemental as a referendum on the President's policy in Iraq, a policy which I believe is fraught with dangers for our Nation. It is no more the right way to build the peace than the pre-emptive, unilateral use of force was the right way to go to war.  Mr. President, I voted for every amendment that I felt would make the best use of the taxpayer's hard earned money. I voted for every amendment that I felt would support our troops and help them do their jobs better, and come home safely. I support them by spending money wisely. And I support them by voting to change course when I believe the course we are on endangers them unnecessarily.  I yield the floor.  