President, I thank the Senator for being the first person on his side of the aisle to actually read my whole statement. It is obvious I was speaking of a filibuster by an anonymous hold.  I welcome the Vice President to the Senate today in your capacity as President of the Senate. It is not often that we see the Vice President in the chair. With the meeting of the United Nations Security Council today and the OPEC meeting and the unsettled and threatening circumstances in so many parts of the world, from the Middle East to the Korean peninsula to Iran and Iraq, the Vice President has chosen to be in the Senate this morning. I look forward to seeing him as well if the Senate ever turns its attention to the disastrous economic situation in this country and the loss of more than 2.5 million jobs in the last two years and more than 300,000 last month. Senator Daschle and the Democratic leadership have sought for weeks to proceed to debate on S. 414, the Economic Recovery Act of 2003, which includes the First Responders Partnership Grant Act, but the Senate Republican majority has blocked debate and action. This morning, instead of debating the international situation, the need to pass an economic stimulus package, the need for increased commitment to homeland defense, legislation to provide a real prescription drug benefit for seniors or the other matters so deeply concerning Americans, we are returning in some form to debate a nomination that we have debated for over a month and on which cloture was defeated last week.  I note that what has impeded a Senate vote on the Estrada nomination has been the political game being played by the White House with this nomination as part of its effort to pack the Federal courts. The White House could have long ago solved this impasse by honoring the Senate's role in the appointment process through providing the Senate access to Mr. Estrada's legal work--just as past administrations have provided legal memos in connection with the nominations of Robert Bork, William Rehnquist, Brad Reynolds, Stephen Trott, and Ben Civiletti and this administration did with anominee to the EPA--and through instructing the nominee to answer questions about his views--consistent with last year's Supreme Court opinion by Justice Scalia--and to stop pretending that he has no views. The White House is using ideology to select its judicial nominees but trying to prevent the Senate from knowing the ideology of these nominees when it evaluates them.  Instead, it appears that the Senate Republican majority, at the direction of the White House, chose to extend this debate because its political operatives hope to use it to falsely paint those who will not be steam rolled as somehow ``anti-Hispanic.'' The Republican's approach of crass partisanship regarding this nomination disregards the legitimate concerns raised by many Senators as well as by respected, Hispanic elected officials and Hispanic civil rights leaders. Moreover, the Republican approach and the President's approach have been to divide: to divide the Senate, to divide the American people and, on this particular nomination, to divide Hispanics against each other.  That is wrong. It is wrong because the President campaigned on a platform of uniting not dividing. It is wrong because our country needs us to build consensus and work together, especially in these most challenging times. It is wrong because distinguished Latino leaders, who have spent their lives seeking justice and greater representation of Hispanic lawyers as judges, have been attacked by Republicans for showing courage and honesty in their judgment that this nomination is wanting. Joining the League of United Latin American Citizens, which previously wrote to the Senate disassociating itself with Republican attacks on Democratic Senators, yesterday the National Council of La Raza issued a statement condemning the treatment of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus by Republicans. The NCLR statement notes how ``deeply offended'' it is by Mr. Estrada's supporters calling Congressional Hispanic Caucus members ``tyrannical,'' ``racist,'' and ``anti-Latino.''  This Administration has also shown disrespect for the concerns of Senators in renominating both Judge Charles Pickering, despite his ethical lapses, and Justice Priscilla Owen, despite her record as a conservative ``activist'' judge, both of whom were rejected by the Senate Judiciary Committee after fair hearings and open debate last year. Sending these re-nominations to the Senate is unprecedented. No judicial nominee who has been voted down has ever been re-nominated to the same position by any President. The White House in conjunction with the new Republican majority in the Senate is choosing these battles over nominations purposefully. Dividing rather than uniting has become their modus operandi.  Among the consequences of this partisan strategy is that for the last month, the Senate has been denied by the Republican leadership meaningful debate on the situation in Iraq. I commend Senator Byrd, Senator Kennedy and the other Senators on both sides of the aisle who have nonetheless sought to have the Senate fulfill its constitutional role as a forum for debate and careful consideration of our Nation's foreign policy. The decision by the Republican Senate majority to focus on controversial nominations rather than the international situation or the economy says much about their mistaken priorities. The Republican majority sets the agenda and they schedule the debate, just as they have here this morning.  Many Democratic Senators have already spoken to the Constitution and the Senate's proper role in the confirmation process. I recall, in particular, statements by Senators Daschle, Reid, Bingaman, Boxer, Clinton, Corzine, Dodd, Dorgan, Durbin, Edwards, Feingold, Feinstein, Harkin, Johnson, Kennedy, Kohl, Lautenberg, Levin, Mikulski, Sarbanes and Schumer, among many others.  What is disconcerting about the recent debate is what appears to be the Republican majority's willingness to sacrifice the constitutional authority of the Senate as a check on the power of the President in the area of lifetime appointments to our Federal courts. I fear, Mr. President, that the Republican majority's efforts to re-write Senate history in order to rubber-stamp this White House's Federal judicial nominees will cause long-term damage to this institution, to our courts, to our constitutional form of government, to the rights and protections of the American people and to generations to come. I have served in the Senate for 29 years, and until recently I have never seen such stridency on the part of an executive administration or such willingness on the part of a Senate majority to cast aside tradition and upset the balances embedded in our Constitution so as to expand presidential power.  In the time set aside by the Republican majority for this debate today, I am glad to have an opportunity to shed light on the fiction that cloture votes, extended debate, and discussion of the views of nominees are anything new or unprecedented. What I do find unprecedented is the depths that the Republican majority and this White House are willing to go to override the constitutional division of power over appointments and longstanding Senate practices and history. It strikes me that some Republicans seem to think that they are writing on blank slate and that they have been given a blank check to pack the courts. They show a disturbing penchant for reading our Constitution in isolation from its history and the practices that have endured for two centuries to suit their purposes of the moment.  A few years ago, when Republicans were in the Senate minority and a democratically elected Democratic President was in the White House, columnist George Will, for example, had no complaint about a super-majority or 60 votes being needed to get an up or down vote on legislation or nominations proposed by the President. In fact, reflecting Republican sentiment at the time, what he said in his defense of the Republican filibuster of President Clinton's proposals, was the following:       The Senate is not obligated to jettison one of its defining      characteristics, permissiveness, regarding extended debate,      in order to pander to the perception that the presidency is      the sun about which all else in American government--even      American life--orbits. (Washington Post, April 25, 1993.)  It apparently did not trouble him or other Republicans when they were in the Senate minority that the Constitution expressly requires more than a simple majority for only a few matters. In fact, Mr. Will wrote:       Democracy is trivialized when reduced to simple      majoritarianism--government by adding machine. A mature,      nuanced democracy makes provision for respecting not mere      numbers but also intensity of feeling.  Of course, that was in 1993 and President Clinton and a Democratic Senate majority were being contested by Republican filibusters. What is different a mere 10 years later? Just that the parties have switched roles and this year Democrats are in the Senate minority and a Republican occupies the White House. I ask unanimous consent that a recent article by Edward Lazarus that critiques Mr. Will's new position be included in the Record.  As George Will noted in 1993, one of the key attributes of the Senate is the venerable tradition of unlimited debate. In fact, not until 1917 was there even a provision in the Senate rules to allow for cloture, a procedure by which the Senate acts to cut off debate. The Senate first adopted the cloture rule in 1917. At that time, cloture was limited to and could only be sought on legislative matters. The cloture rule was extended in 1949 to nominations by amending it to include measures and matters, which included judicial nominations. Thus, prior to 1949, disputes over nominations--to the 100 seats in the Federal judiciary--were handled and resolved by Senators behind closed doors and many judicial nominations were defeated in the Senate by inaction or the threat of a filibuster. Republicans resurrected those tactics in the years 1995-2001 to defeat more than 50 of President Clinton's judicial nominees.  In essence, until they had a Republican President, Republicans interpreted the Advice and Consent Clause of the Constitution to allow a handful of anonymous Republican Senators to prevent an ``up or down'' vote by the full Senate on scores of qualified judicial nominees. Now, when Democratic Senators have expressed genuine concerns about the lack of information regarding Mr. Estrada and have made a well-founded request to see hiswritings, Republicans claim it is wrong and unconstitutional for Senators to act in accordance with Senate rules and tradition and their longstanding role as a check and balance on the President's appointment power.  It cannot be that only the rules Republicans like at the times that they like them are the rules that are followed in the Senate, but more and more that seems to be what the Republican majority is demanding. They should not pretend the rules no longer apply simply because the Republican majority finds them inconvenient, but that is happening more and more in the Senate. Regrettably, it has occurred recently in connection with judicial nominees before the Judiciary Committee, when the Republicans insisted on breaching Rule IV, a longstanding rule of our Committee that allows for extended debate, as well.  What is at stake in judicial nominations are lifetime appointment for judges who will have the power to change how the Constitution is interpreted and whether civil rights, environmental protections, privacy and our fundamental freedoms will be upheld. With respect to the Estrada nomination, what is at stake is a seat on the second highest court in the country and the swing vote on that important court.  Most of the decisions issued by the D.C. Circuit in the nearly 1,400 appeals filed per year are final because the Supreme Court now takes fewer than 100 cases from all over the country each year. This court has special jurisdiction over cases involving the rights of working Americans as well as the right to a cleaner environment. This is a court where Federal regulations will be upheld or overturned, where privacy rights will either be retained or lost, and where thousands of individuals will have their final appeal in matters that affect their financial future, their health, their lives and their liberty.  This is a court that has vacant seats due to anonymous Republicans blocking the last two nominees to this court by a Democratic President. Those nominees had outstanding legal credentials and qualifications but during President Clinton's last term, the Republican-controlled Senate would not proceed to an up or down vote on either of them.  The word ``filibuster'' derives from the Dutch word for piracy, or taking property that does not belong to you. Under that ordinary definition, it would be accurate to say that at least two of the vacancies on the D.C. Circuit, for which Republicans blocked qualified nominees, were filibustered, as well. Republicans, who exploited every procedural rule and practice to block scores of Clinton nominees anonymously from ever receiving an up or down vote, now want to change the rules midstream, to their partisan advantage, again. The whole reason this President has so many circuit vacancies to fill is because this was the booty of their piracy, their filibustering of judicial seats that arose during the Clinton Administration while they prevented votes on that President's qualified nominees.  For example, a Mexican-American circuit court nominee of President Clinton, Judge Richard Paez, was forced to wait more than 1,500 days to be confirmed, and even after the Republican filibuster was broken by a cloture vote to end debate, many Republicans joined an unsuccessful motion to indefinitely postpone his nomination. None of the more than 30 Republicans who voted against cloture in connection with that nomination or who voted in favor of Senator Sessions' unprecedented motion ``to indefinitely postpone'' the vote on Judge Paez's nomination, which had been pending for more than 1,500 days, should be heard to complain if Democratic Senators seek more information about nominations before proceeding to a vote for a lifetime appointment.  I also recall that during the closing moments of that debate Senator Sessions objected that the Vice President of the United States was presiding over the Senate in his capacity as the President of the Senate. The Senator from Alabama objected that he should not be allowed to preside. I have not raised that objection to the Vice President presiding here today but have, instead, welcomed the Vice President. This is further demonstration that Democrats have been more moderate and much more cooperative with this Administration than Republicans were with the prior Democratic Administration.  I will include in my full statement for the Record the words of the Republican Senators who filibustered President Clinton nominees. Senator Bob Smith, a straight talker from New Hampshire, outlined the Senate's history of filibusters of judicial nominees and said:       Don't pontificate on the floor and tell me that somehow I      am violating the Constitution . . . by blocking a judge or      filibustering a judge that I don't think deserves to be on      the court. That is my responsibility. That is my advise-and-     consent role, and I intend to exercise it.  Thus, the Republicans' claim that Democrats are taking ``unprecedented'' action--much like the bogus White House claim that our request for Mr. Estrada's work while paid by taxpayers was ``unprecedented''--is simply untrue. Republicans' desire to rewrite their own history is wrong. They should come clean and tell the truth to the American people about their past practices on nominations. They cannot change the plain facts to fit their current argument and purposes.  Senator Hatch candidly admitted after cloture was invoked on the Paez nomination and Senator Sessions made his unprecedented motion to indefinitely postpone any vote on that judicial nomination:       Indeed, I must confess to being somewhat baffled that,      after a filibuster is cut off by cloture, the Senate could      still delay a final vote on a nomination. A parliamentary      ruling to this effect means that, after today, our cloture      rule is further weakened.  Republicans should not have come to the floor and told the American people over the last month that Democratic Senators had done something unprecedented in opposing the Estrada nomination. They themselves did it quite recently and have done it repeatedly. Let us be honest about this and straight with the American people. Given the time allotted for today's debate, I cannot discuss them all but I will include in the Record some of the other examples of filibusters of presidential nominations from the nomination of Justice Abe Fortas to be Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court through the nominations of Stephen G. Breyer, now Justice Breyer, to the First Circuit; Rosemary Barkett to the 11th Circuit; H. Lee Sarokin to the 3rd Circuit; and Marsha Berzon and Richard Paez to the 9th Circuit.  Even more frequent during the years from 1995 through 2001, when Republicans controlled the Senate majority, were Republican efforts to defeat President Clinton's judicial nominees through inaction and anonymous holds for which no Republican Senator could be held accountable. Republicans held up almost 80 judicial nominees who were not acted upon during the Congress in which President Clinton first nominated them and eventually defeated more than 50 judicial nominees without a recorded Senate vote of any kind, just by refusing to proceed with hearings and Committee votes.  Beyond the question of judicial nominees, Republicans also filibustered the nomination of Dr. Henry Foster to become Surgeon General of the United States. This was an executive branch nominee that Republicans filibustered successfully in spite of two cloture votes in 1995. Dr. David Satcher's subsequent nominaton also required cloture but he was successfully confirmed. Other executive branch nominees who were filibustered by Republicans included Walter Dellinger, whose name has been invoked with approval by Republicans during the debate on the Estrada nomination. Mr. Dellinger was nominated to be Assistant Attorney General and two cloture petitions were required to be filed and both were rejected by Republicans. In this case we were able finally to obtain a confirmation vote after significant efforts and Mr. Dellinger was confirmed to that position with 34 votes against him. He was never confirmed to his position as Solicitor General because Republicans had made clear their opposition to him.  In addition, in 1993, Republicans objected to State Department nominations and even the nomination of Janet Napolitano to serve as the U.S. Attorney for Arizona, resulting in cloture petitions. In 1994, Sam Brown was nominated to be an Ambassador. After three cloture petitions were filed, his nomination was returned to PresidentClinton without Senate action. Also in 1994, Derek Shearer was nominated to be an Ambassador and it took two cloture petitions to get to a vote before he was confirmed. In 1994, Ricki Tigert was nominated to chair the FDIC and it took two cloture petitions to get to a vote and confirmation of that executive nomination.  So when Republican Senators now talk about the Senate Executive Calendar and presidential nominees, they must be reminded that they recently filibustered many, many qualified nominees. [chart] In addition, some of us remember Republican unwillingness to allow a Senate vote on the nomination of Bill Lann Lee to serve as the Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice. He told the Judiciary Committee that he would follow the law and enforce the law. He was the choice of the President to serve in that President's administration, but Republicans would not accord him an up or down vote before the United States Senate.  Now let me turn to a most troubling development that demonstrates how Republicans are violating longstanding Senate rules to suit themselves. Two weeks ago in a meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the Chairman unilaterally declared the termination of debate on two controversial circuit court nominations. Senator Daschle termed it deeply troubling and a ``reckless exercise of raw power by a Chairman,'' and he is right. The Democratic Leader observed that the work of this Senate has for over 200 years operated on the principle of civil debate, which includes protection of the minority. When a Chairman can on his own whim choose to ignore our rules that protect the minority, not only is that protection lost, but so is an irreplaceable piece of our integrity and credibility.  The Democratic Leader noted that faithful adherence to rule is especially important for the Senate and for its Judiciary Committee. He noted ``how ironic that in the Judiciary Committee, a Committee which passes judgment on those who will interpret the rule of law,'' that it acted in conscious disregard of the rules that were established to apply to its proceedings. If this is what those who pontificate about ``strict construction'' mean by that term, it translates to winning by any means necessary. If this is how the judges of the judicial nominees act, how can we expect the nominees they support as ``strict constructionists'' to behave any better? Given this action in disrespect of the rights of the minority, how can we expect the Judiciary Committee to place individuals on the bench that respect the rule of law? In my 29 years in the Senate and in my reading of Senate history, I cannot think of so clear a violation of Senators' rights.  I am gravely concerned about this abuse of power and breach of our Committee rules. When the Judiciary Committee cannot be counted upon to follow its own rules for handling important lifetime appointments to the federal judiciary, everyone should be concerned. In violation of the rules that have governed that Committee's proceedings since 1979, the Chairman chose to ignore our longstanding Committee Rules and short-circuit Committee consideration of the nominations of John Roberts and Deborah Cook. Senator Daschle spoke to that matter that day. Senator Feinstein, Senator Schumer and Senator Durbin have also spoken to the Senate about this breach of our rules as well as a number of other liberties that Republicans have been taking with the rules.  The protection for the minority has been maintained by the Judiciary Committee for the last 24 years under five different chairmen--Chairman Kennedy, Chairman Thurmond, Chairman Biden, under Chairman Hatch previously and during my tenure as chairman.  Rule IV of the Judiciary Committee provides the minority with a right not to have debate terminated and not to be forced to a vote without at least one member of the minority agreeing. That rule and practice had until last month always been observed by the Committee, even as we have dealt with the most contentious social issues and nominations that come before the Senate.  Until last month, Democratic and Republican Chairmen had always acted to protect the rights of the Senate minority. The rule has been the Committee's equivalent to the Senate's cloture rule. It had been honored by all five Democratic and Republican chairmen, including Senator Hatch until last month.  It was rarely utilized but Rule IV set the ground rules and the backdrop against which rank partisanship was required to give way, in the best tradition of the Senate, to a measure of bipartisanship in order to make progress. That is the other important function of the rule.  Besides protecting minority rights, it enforced a certain level of cooperation between the majority and minority in order to get anything accomplished. That, too, has been lost as the level of partisanship on the Judiciary Committee and within the Senate reached a new low when Republicans chose to override our governing rules of conduct and proceed as if the Senate Judiciary Committee were a minor committee of the House of Representatives.  In fact, the only occasion I recall when Senator Hatch was previously faced with implementing Committee Rule IV, he did so. In 1997, Democrats on the Committee were seeking a Senate floor vote on President Clinton's nomination of Bill Lann Lee to be the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights at the Department of Justice. Then, Senator Hatch acknowledged: ``Rule IV of the Judiciary Committee rules effectively establishes a committee filibuster right. . . .'' In 1997, Chairman Hatch acknowledged: ``Absent the consent of a minority member of the Committee, a matter may not be brought to a vote.'' In that case, in 1997, Chairman Hatch followed the rules of the Committee.  Last month the bipartisan tradition and respect for the rights of the minority ended when Chairman Hatch decided to override the rule rather than follow it. He did so expressly and intentionally, declaring: ``[Y]ou have no right to continue a filibuster in this committee.'' He decided, unilaterally, to declare the debate over even though all members of the minority were prepared to continue the debate and it was, in fact, terminated prematurely. Senator Hatch completely reversed his own position from the Bill Lann Lee nomination and took a step unprecedented in the history of the Committee.  In his recent letter to Senator Daschle, Senator Hatch now contends that he ``does not believe the Committee filibuster should be allowed and [he] thinks it is a good and healthy thing for the Committee to have a rule that forces a vote.'' I ask that the exchange of letters between Senator Hatch and the Democratic Leader be included in the Record.  Our Committee rule, while providing a mechanism for terminating debate and reaching a vote on a matter, does so while providing a minimum of protection for the minority. It is even that minimum protection that Chairman Hatch will no longer countenance. It is Senator Hatch who has ``turned Rule 4 on its head'' last month, after 24 years of consistent interpretation and implementation by five chairmen. Never, before his letter to Senator Daschle, has anyone since the adoption of the rule in 1979 ever suggested that its purpose was to be narrowed and redirected to thwart ``an obstreperous Chairman who refuses to allow a vote on an item on the Agenda.'' After all, as Senator Hatch recognizes in his letter, it is the chairman's prerogative to set the agenda for the mark-up.  This revisionist reading of the rule is not justified by its adoption or its prior use and appears to be nothing other than an after the fact attempt to justify the obvious breaches of the longstanding Committee rule and practice that occurred last month. It was not even articulated contemporaneously at the business meeting.  The Committee and the Senate have crossed a threshold of partisan overreaching that should never have been crossed. I urge the Republican leadership to recommit the nominations of Deborah Cook and John Roberts to the Judiciary Committee so that they can be considered in accordance with the Committee's rules. The action taken last month should be vitiated and order restored to the Senate and to the Judiciary Committee. I urge the Judiciary Committee and the Senate to rethink the misstep taken last month and urgethe Chairman and the Committee to disavow the misinterpretation and violations of Rule IV that occurred. Order and comity need to be restored to the Judiciary Committee. An essential step in that process is the restoration of minority rights under Rule IV and recognition of minority rights thereunder.  During the last four years of the Clinton Administration, his entire second term in office after being reelected by the American people, the Judiciary Committee refused to hold hearings and Committee votes on his qualified nominees to the D.C. Circuit and the Sixth Circuit. Last month, in sharp contrast, this Committee was required to proceed on two controversial nominations to those circuit courts in contravention of the rules and practices of the Committee. This can only be seen as part of a concerted and partisan effort to pack the courts and tilt them sharply out of balance.  In circumstances such as these, when the rights of the minority are being violated and Senate rules and longstanding practices are breached, the minority is left with very few options and very little choice in how it must proceed. This President has been the most aggressive and unilateral I have seen in my 29 years in the Senate in his nominations. The Republican majority is now choosing to abet his efforts at the expense of the Senate minority's rights and the constitutional role of the Senate. That is all most regrettable.  I yield back my time.  