Many of these individuals were nominated years earlier. We never got to know what the reasoning behind the anonymous Republican holds was. Even when we finally did, for example, a Mexican-American circuit court nominee of President Clinton, Judge Richard Paez, was forced to wait more than 1,500 days to be confirmed. And even then, we had to vote in favor of cloture to get the up or down vote on his nomination. Fifteen Republicans voted against cloture--after he waited more than 20 months for a floor vote during the four-plus years he was pending before the Senate. In fact, one Republican Senator moved to indefinitely postpone Judge Paez's nomination, even though he had waited for 1,500 days, and 31 Republicans voted in favor of indefinitely postponing that nomination in March of 2000. If they had had the votes they never would have let him be confirmed. Not one Republican came to the floor during the time Judge Paez was waiting for a vote and suggested that the Republican filibuster during any of those 1,500 days was unconstitutional or anti-majoritarian.  In fact, today made me think of this when we have the two distinguished Presiding Officers, the distinguished Vice President and the distinguished Senator from Alabama. The distinguished Senator from Alabama actually objected to the Vice President at that time being in the chair in the closing moments of the debate on Judge Paez's nomination because the executive branch had nominated him and that was a conflict of interest in his view. Of course, Republicans did not make a similar motion today when it was a Republican Vice President in the chair during a debate about a Republican nominee.  Let us just be a little bit honest about what is going on here. This is sauce for the goose and sauce for the gander. And yet this Administration and many Republicans have not acknowledged our effort to turn the other cheek and confirm 100 of this President's judicial nominees in the prior 17 months of Democratic leadership of the Senate. Many of those nominations were to seats that were blocked from being filled during the prior period of Republican control of the Senate.  It cannot be that only the rules Republicans like at the times that they like them are the rules that are followed in the Senate, but more and more that seems to be what the Republican majority is demanding. They should not pretend the rules no longer apply simply because the Republican majority finds them inconvenient, but that is happening more and more in the Senate. Regrettably, it has occurred recently in connection with judicial nominees before the Judiciary Committee, when the Republicans insisted on breaching Rule IV, a longstanding rule of our Committee that allows for extended debate, as well.  I would like to address a most troubling development that demonstrates how Republicans are violating longstanding Senate rules to suit themselves. Two weeks ago in a meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the Chairman unilaterally declared the termination of debate on two controversial circuit court nominations. Senator Daschle termed it deeply troubling and a ``reckless exercise of raw power by a Chairman,'' and he is right. The Democratic Leader observed that the work of this Senate has for over 200 years operated on the principle of civil debate, which includes protection of the minority. When a Chairman can on his own whim choose to ignore our rules that protect the minority, not only is that protection lost, but so is an irreplaceable piece of our integrity and credibility.  The Democratic Leader noted that faithful adherence to rules is especially important for the Senate and for its Judiciary Committee. He noted ``how ironic that in the Judiciary Committee, a Committee which passes judgment on those who will interpret the rule of law,'' that it acted in conscious disregard of the rules that were established to apply to its proceedings. If this is what those who pontificate about ``strict construction'' mean by that term, it translates to winning by any means necessary. If this is how the judges of the judicial nominees act, how can we expect the nominees they support as ``strict constructionists'' to behave any better? Given this action in disrespect of the rights of the minority, how can we expect the Judiciary Committee to place individuals on the bench who respect the rule of law? In my 29 years in the Senate and in my reading of Senate history, I cannot think of so clear a violation of Senators' rights.  I am gravely concerned about this abuse of power and breach of our Committee rules. When the Judiciary Committee cannot be counted upon to follow its own rules for handling important lifetime appointments to the federal judiciary, everyone should be concerned. In violation of the rules that have governed that Committee's proceedings since 1979, the Chairman chose to ignore our longstanding Committee Rules and short-circuit Committee consideration of the nominations of John Roberts and Deborah Cook. Senator Daschle spoke to that matter that day. Senator Feinstein, Senator Schumer and Senator Durbin have also spoken to the Senate about this breach of our rules as well as a number of other liberties that Republicans have been taking with the rules.  This protection for the minority has been maintained by the Judiciary Committee for the last 24 years under five different chairmen--Chairman Kennedy, Chairman Thurmond, Chairman Biden, under Chairman Hatch previously and during my tenure as chairman.  Rule IV of the Judiciary Committee provides the minority with a right not to have debate terminated and not to be forced to a vote without at least one member of the minority agreeing. That rule and practice had until last month always been observed by the Committee, even as we have dealt with the most contentious social issues and nominations that come before the Senate.  Until last month, Democratic and Republican Chairmen had always acted to protect the rights of the Senate minority. The rule has been the Committee's equivalent to the Senate's cloture rule. It had been honored by all five Democratic and Republican chairman, including Senator Hatch, until last month.  It was rarely utilized but Rule IV set the ground rules and the backdrop against which rank partisanship was required to give way, in the best tradition of the Senate, to a measure of bipartisanship in order to make progress. That is the other important function of the rule.  Besides protecting minority rights, it enforced a certain level of cooperation between the majority and minority in order to get things accomplished. That, too, has been lost as the level of partisanship on the Judiciary Committee and within the Senate reached a new low when Republicans chose to override our governing rules of conduct and proceed as if the Senate Judiciary Committee were a minor committee of the House of Representatives.  In fact, the only occasion I recall when Senator Hatch was previously faced with implementing Committee Rule IV, he did implement it. In 1997 Democrats on the Committee were seeking a Senate floor vote on President Clinton's nomination of Bill Lann Lee to be the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights at the Department of Justice. Then, Senator Hatch acknowledged: ``Rule IV of the Judiciary Committee rules effectively establishes a committee filibuster right . . . .'' In 1997, Chairman Hatch acknowledged: ``Absent the consent of a minority member of the Committee, a matter may not be brought to a vote.'' In that case, in 1997, Chairman Hatch followed the rules of the Committee.  Last month the bipartisan tradition and respect for the rights of the minority ended when Chairman Hatch decided to override the rule rather than follow it. He did so expressly and intentionally, declaring: ``[Y]ou have no right to continue a filibuster in this committee.'' He decided, unilaterally, to declare the debate over even though all members of the minority were prepared to continue the debate and that debate was, in fact, terminated prematurely. Senator Hatch completely reversed his own position from the Bill Lann Lee nomination and took a step unprecedented in the history of the Committee.  In his recent letter to Senator Daschle, Senator Hatch now contends that he ``does not believe the Committee filibuster should be allowed and [he] thinks it is a good and healthy thing for the Committee to have a rule that forces a vote.'' I ask that the exchange of letters between Senator Hatch and the Democratic Leader be included in the Record.  Our Committee rule, while providing a mechanism for terminating debate and reaching a vote on a matter, does so while providing a minimum of protection for the minority. It is even that minimum protection that Chairman Hatch will no longer countenance. It is Senator Hatch who has ``turned Rule 4 on its head'' last month, after 24 years of consistent interpretation and implementation by five chairmen. Never before his letter to Senator Daschle has anyone since the adoption of the rule in 1979 ever suggested that its purpose was to be narrowed and redirected to thwart what he called ``an obstreperous Chairman who refuses to allow a vote on an item on the Agenda.'' After all, as Senator Hatch recognizes in his letter, it is the chairman's prerogative to set the agenda for the mark-up.  This revisionist reading of the rule is not justified by its adoption or its prior use and appears to be nothing other than an after the fact attempt to justify the obvious breaches of the longstanding Committee rule and practice that occurred last month. That novel interpretation was not even articulated contemporaneously at the business meeting.  The Committee and the Senate have crossed a threshold of partisan overreaching to rubber-stamp judicial nominees that should never have been crossed. I urge the Republican leadership to recommit the nominations of Deborah Cook and John Roberts to the Judiciary Committee so that they can be considered in accordance with the Committee's rules. The action taken last month should be vitiated and order restored to the Senate and to the Judiciary Committee. I urge the Judiciary Committee and the Senate to rethink the misstep taken last month and urge the Chairman and the Committee to disavow the misinterpretation and violations of Rule IV that occurred. Order and comity need to be restored to the Judiciary Committee. An essential step in that process is the restoration of minority rights under Rule IV and recognition of minority rights thereunder.  During the last four years of the Clinton Administration, his entire second term in office after being reelected by the American people, the Judiciary Committee refused to hold hearings and Committee votes on his qualified nominees to the D.C. Circuit and it refused to give hearings to three Sixth Circuit nominees in those four years as well as to numerous other circuit nominees. Last month, in sharp contrast, this Committee was required to proceed on two controversial nominations to those circuit courts in contravention of the rules and practices of the Committee. This can only be seen as part of a concerted and partisan effort to pack the courts and tilt them sharply out of balance.  In circumstances such as these, when the rights of the minority are being violated and Senate rules and longstanding practices are breached, the minority is left with very few options and very little choice in how it must proceed. This President has been the most politically aggressive and the most unilateralist President I have seen in my 29 years in the Senate in his nominations. The Republican majority is now choosing to abet his efforts at the expense of the Senate minority's rights and the constitutional role of the Senate. That is most regrettable.  