Whatever the outcome of the vote, I will strongly support this bill. It is a good bill. Senator McConnell has worked in a bipartisan manner to accommodate a number of priorities. This is one disagreement. We have hundreds of issues that we have to resolve in this bill. I think our average is pretty good.  As Senator Bingaman pointed out, this is not a vote for or against the Millennium Challenge Account. The MCA could turn out to be a great program. This is a vote about priorities. This amendment is fully offset. The vote is on the following question: Do you want $200 million sitting in the Treasury for a year? Or, do you want to spend if fighting HIV/AIDS?  The administration's own budget documents say that they will spend only $800 million of this money this year. Anything above this level will not be obligated until Fiscal Year 2005. This is precisely why the Republican-controlled House provided $800 million for the MCA. Secretary Powell made this point very clear when he testified before Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He was asked: ``Why can you spend only $800 million in Fiscal Year 2004?  He replied--and I am quoting--this figure is ``based on the careful selection system we will set up.'' Secretary Powell continues: This is an innovative approach with no precedent to guide us. We anticipate that it will take some time to develop the first proposals and then hone them into acceptably detailed and accountable contracts. We thus did not believe it likely that all MCA money will be obligated in the fiscal year. We would anticipate that any remaining funding would be obligated in fiscal year 2005 for programs in countries selected in fiscal year 2004.  I know that the White House will figure out a way to say they need this money. But, let me tell my colleagues a couple of other things I know. I know that this additional money will sit in Treasury--their own budget documents show this. Secretary Powell testified to this. I know we do one year appropriations around here. We will revisit this issue next year. I know there is not enough money in this bill to combat the worst public health crisis in 500 years.  The Bingaman amendment gets us more money, which is fully offset, to accomplish this important goal. I urge my colleagues to vote yes.  Also, I thank the staff members who have worked so hard on this bill. Senator McConnell and I work in a bipartisan manner and so do the respective staffs. On the Republican side I thank Paul Grove, Brendon Wheeler, Robert Karem. On the Democratic side, I thank Tim Rieser, Mark Lippert, and J.P. Dowd.  