President, Steve Young was a dear friend, an exceptional leader and a tireless advocate for law enforcement officers across the Nation. There are so many who will truly miss him, and I am one of them.  With 26 years of law enforcement experience, in 2001 Steve was elected National President of the Fraternal Order of Police, FOP, the world's largest organization of sworn law enforcement officers with more than 300,000 members in over 2,000 local lodges across the United States. An active police officer, serving as a Lieutenant in the Marion City Police Department of Marion, OH and an FOP member for 26 years, Steve was an innovative leader in law enforcement issues. Before he became FOP's National President, Steve was the organization's National Vice President for 4 years and served as Ohio's State FOP President from 1988 to 1999. For the past 15 years he devoted much of his time to the Ohio State Lodge's Legislative Committee. He graduated from the 185th Session of the FBI National Academy.  I was honored to work with Steve and the Fraternal Order of Police on many issues affecting rank-and-file law enforcement officers. Most recently we worked closely together in the last Congress on the top legislative priority of the FOP, the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act. His powerful testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee helped enormously as we worked to move this bill forward. He told how law enforcement officers are never ``off-duty,'' and described their commitment as dedicated public servants who are trained to uphold the law and keep the peace. He observed that whenever there is a threat to the peace or to our public safety, law enforcement officers are sworn to answer that call. Steve was dedicated to this legislation because he understood the importance of having law enforcement officers across the nation armed and prepared when they answer that call, no matter where, when, or in what form it comes.  Steve Young inspired me and so many others with his enduring dedication to making our communities safer and protecting the officers who are sworn to guard and serve the American public. Law enforcement officers everywhere, and everyone who had the chance to know him or work with him, lost a great friend and champion last night. Our hearts and thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends and associates at this time of sadness over this loss and remembrance of Steve Young's life.  