President, I thank my good friend, the senior Senator from Kentucky, for his comments. I agree with him; I hope if people have amendments they will let us know right away. We will, of course, have the usual managers' package.  Like most appropriations bills, this is a work of compromise. My friend from Kentucky and I have worked together for many years. Sometimes he is the chairman, and sometimes I am. We find common ground and we write bipartisan bills, which is the tradition of the Appropriations Committee.  I thank Chairman McConnell and his staff for working so cooperatively with me and my staff on this bill, and I urge all Members to support it.  I also thank Chairman Stevens and Senator Byrd for the allocation that was given to us. While it falls short of the President's budget request, I know they did well by us under the circumstances.  Since the Senator from Kentucky has done a good job in summarizing thebill, I want to mention a few highlights.  First, it adds $23 million for child survival and health programs. These are the programs that provide lifesaving vaccines for diseases like polio and measles--diseases that we hardly ever see in this country but which kill or cripple millions overseas.  These programs help stop the spread of viruses like Ebola and SARS, reduce needless pregnancy-related deaths, and provide aid to blind children and orphans.  Second, the bill increases funding for development assistance by $78 million. These funds pay for everything from education, to agriculture research, to democracy building. This is the core of our foreign aid budget. The bill adds $20 million for Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union. Both Senator McConnell and I feel strongly that the administration is reducing assistance to these regions too quickly.  The bill includes a very important provision to ensure greater transparency and accountability at the multilateral development banks.  As in the past, there are provisions which seek to promote human rights and the rule of law in Serbia, Central Asia, Latin America, and elsewhere.  I am concerned that much of the good work that Senator McConnell has done on this bill could be undone by our conference allocation.  Even a split with the House allocation, which is $17.1 billion, would lead to deep cuts in many programs that are important to the President and important to Senators.  Earlier this week, the memo from Secretary Rumsfeld reminded us all of the importance of foreign aid in combating terrorism.  In that memo he wrote:       Are we capturing, killing or deterring and dissuading more      terrorists every day than the madrassas and the radical      clerics are recruiting, training and deploying against us?  I suspect the answer to that question is no, and that should deeply concern each one of us.  Let me mention one example. In this bill we fund children's basic education. We use these funds to build schools and train teachers in countries such as Pakistan and Indonesia, to counter the influence of the madrassas.  One would think that a wealthy Nation like ours would spend billions on education, especially in Muslim countries. It is in our self-interest. But we could only provide $220 million in this bill for education, which is a mere $2 million above last year's level. It is also far less than most U.S. States spend, yet it is what we spend for the whole world.  There are many other examples of how this budget falls far short of what we should be doing to combat poverty and counter the influence of anti-American extremism.  Last wee, we passed a supplemental appropriations for Iraq. It included more than $20 billion for reconstruction in that one country.  That is more than this entire foreign operations bill provides for the rest of the world.  If we are serious about building better relations with the Muslim world, and overcoming the hatred that is growing among the masses of impoverished people in those countries, we need to put our money where our mouths are.  The President's budget request for foreign operation is $18.8 billion. This bill contains $18.2 billion.  We have heard that our conference allocation may require us to cut hundreds of millions of dollars out of this bill.  If the President cares about this budget, he need to act now to protect it in conference. He needs to pick up the phone and call the Republican leadership in the House and Senate.  Without his help, deep cuts will be made to these programs. These cuts will not just hurt people overseas. They will hurt the United States.  I want to briefly mention the issue of AIDS. Chairman McConnell and I did the best we could to increase funding for HIV/AIDS in this bill, but we simply did not have enough to get to the level that many Senators wanted.  We have to do more. This is the worst public health crisis in history. There will be an amendment on this issue later, and I will have more to say on it then.  Again, I wish all my jobs and assignments in the Senate were as easy as working with the distinguished senior Senator from Kentucky who is a close personal friend. While we come from different political philosophies, we join together in what we believe is in the best interests of the United States in this area.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  