A young conservative activist spilled the beans quite explicitly recently on the ``Crossfire'' television program in which he said:       . . . the second [he] gets in there he'll overrule      everything you love--  Everything moderates have worked to enact over the years.  That seems to be the badly kept secret, as to why the White House chose Mr. Estrada for this nomination--precisely because of his ideology. Keeping that secret is apparently what motivated the strategy that resulted in his extraordinary lack of responsiveness to substantive questions regarding his views and judicial philosophy.  Nobody can look at opinions of the Supreme Court and believe that Justice Scalia and Justice Thomas do not have an agenda, the two stated by the President to be his model for nominees. But I am left with a fear that Mr. Estrada, likewise, comes to this nomination with a hidden agenda.  Maybe it is the nature of the beast, but I have never seen so many crocodile tears in my life from the other side of the aisle as they ask: Why are we asking these questions? How can you possibly question this man? How can you possibly question this man?  I am going to tell the Senate a secret as to why it is we asked for this. I know my friends on the other side may not want to let this out, so I will tell it just to those in this room where we learned to look into this. We heard it from a speech given to the Federalist Society in which the Senator speaking said:       [T]he Senate can and should do what it can to ascertain the      jurisprudential views a nominee will bring to the bench in      order to prevent the confirmation of those who are likely to      be judicial activists. Determining who will become activists      is not easy since many of President Clinton's nominees tend      to have limited paper trails . . . Determining which of the      President's nominees will become activists is complicated and      it will require the Senate to be more diligent and extensive      in its questioning of a nominee's jurisprudential views.  I read that speech. In a sense of bipartisanship, I want you to know that I agree exactly with what Senator Hatch said in Utah when he gave that speech to the Utah branch of the Federalist Society. When Senator Hatch said that we have to prevent the confirmation of those who are likely to be judicial activists; the Senate must be more diligent and extensive in its questioning of nominees' jurisprudential views, I think my friend from Utah had it absolutely right and, guess what, that is exactly what we are doing here.  In fact, when a Democratic President was sending judicial nominees to the Senate, the man who would later become the principal Deputy White House Counsel for the President, the man who played a significant role in the selection of President Bush's judicial nominees, Tim Flanigan, said, the Judiciary Committee and the Senate must be extraordinarily diligent in examining the judicial philosophy of judicial nominees.  This man, who went on to help the current President Bush pick judicial nominees, said:       In evaluating judicial nominees, the Senate has often been      stymied by its inability to obtain evidence of a nominee's      judicial philosophy. In the absence of such evidence, the      Senate has often confirmed a nominee on the theory they could      find no fault with the nominee. I would reverse the      presumption and place the burden squarely on the judicial      nominee to prove that he or she has a well-thought-out      judicial philosophy, one that recognizes the limited role of      Federal judges. Such a burden is appropriately borne by one      seeking life tenure to wield the awesome judicial power of      the United States.  I agree with that. What I do not agree with is that we say we must have a standard of impartiality on judges, that they cannot be activists, that they must answer their questions--we can say that is the standard if it is a Democrat referring them to the Judiciary Committee, but that all goes out the window when it is a Republican.  I agree that we must ask what their judicial philosophy is and they must answer the questions. That is the standard that the Republicans set over and over again, both those who went on to serve in the White House and my friend from Utah when he was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. It is a standard on which we should all agree.  But what I do not agree on is when it is a Republican making the nomination, no standards are required--no standards are required. We can't ask about philosophy. We can't ask about temperament. We can't ask what they are going to do with this lifetime appointment.  In this case specifically, Mr. Estrada refused to provide us the answers about the types of jurisprudential views that Chairman Hatch and Mr. Flanigan said they must--they must--answer. At least they said they must answer when it was a Democrat nominating them. But I guess if it is a Republican nominating them we get kind of a pass; that there is going to be jurisprudential purity.  Extensive questioning of this nominee's jurisprudential views have been forestalled and short circuited. He does have a paper trail but it has been kept secret by the White House. 