President, yesterday I wanted to give a statement on the indictment of Charles Taylor by the Special Court in Sierra Leone, but due to the rapidly changing events in West Africa and the lack of floor time because of extensive debates on the Defense Authorization and Energy bills, I did not get an opportunity. What follows is the statement that I sent to the State Department, Special Court, and United Nations officials, yesterday, expressing my views on this serious issue.       I rise today to voice my strong support for the decision of      the Special Court for Sierra Leone to indict Charles Taylor      for ``bearing the greatest responsibility for war crimes,      crimes against humanity, and serious violations of      international humanitarian law in Sierra Leone.'' I commend      the Court's prosecutor, David Crane, for taking this decisive      action.       Since its inception, the Special Court has moved swiftly to      indict key figures allegedly involved in some of the worst      atrocities that occurred during the brutal civil war in      Sierra Leone during the late 1990s. The Court has also made      it a priority to emphasize outreach programs to further the      reconciliation process and promote the rule of law throughout      the country.       Despite important progress, we all know that the Court's      work would be grossly deficient if those most responsible for      these crimes were not brought to justice because they were      too hard to catch, were high officials of a foreign      government, or no longer resided inside of Sierra Leone. It      would be like the United States deciding against pursuing the      perpetrator of an act of terrorism on American soil, that      killed or maimed thousands of individuals, because he left      the country or was a high-ranking official in a foreign      government. That would be unacceptable.       That is precisely why Congress expressed its clear intent      that the Special Court for Sierra Leone should pursue those      most responsible, irrespective of where they currently      reside.       In the report that accompanied the Senate version of the      Fiscal Year 2002 Foreign Operations bill, Report 107-58,      Congress stated in unambiguous terms: ``To build a lasting      peace, the Committee believes that it is imperative for the      international community to support a tribunal in order to      bring to justice those responsible for war crimes and other      atrocities in Sierra Leone, irrespective of where they      currently reside.''  This statement was later endorsed by the Conference Report to the Fiscal Year 2002 Foreign Operations bill, Report 107-345, which put the House of Representatives on record on this issue as well.  Even before these reports were issued, Senators Feingold, Frist, McConnell and I wrote a letter to Secretary Powell, dated June 20, 2001, which stated: ``Because some of the individuals most responsible for the atrocities in Sierra Leone are no longer in the country, we believe it is imperative that the tribunal has the authority to prosecute culpable individuals--including senior Liberian officials--regardless of where they reside. This will prevent such persons from escaping justice simply by leaving the country.''  I can safely say that we had one individual especially in mind when we drafted that text: Charles Taylor. I was the principal author of the letter and two Congressional reports referenced above.  The involvement of Charles Taylor in the conflict in Sierra Leone is well documented and I will not go into great detail here. I will simply say that there is no doubt in my mind that he deserves to be brought to justice before the Special Court.  To its credit, the State Department took the advice of Congress. The State Department successfully negotiated an agreement that established the Special Court for Sierra Leone and which didnot contain geographic restrictions on the Prosecutor, allowing him to go after Charles Taylor.  Perhaps the Prosecutor for the Court, David Crane, best described the Special Court's mandate: ``My office was given an international mandate by the United Nations and the Republic of Sierra Leone to follow the evidence impartially wherever it leads.''  Today, acting on information that Charles Taylor was traveling to Ghana, the Special Court unsealed an indictment for Charles Taylor, originally approved March 7, 2003, and served the outstanding warrant for his arrest on Ghanaian authorities and transmitted the arrest warrant to INTERPOL.  Again, I commend the prosecutor for taking this step. While I understand there are some, including in the Administration, who are concerned about the impact that this may have on the peace process now underway in West Africa, I agree with Mr. Crane's comments on this sensitive issue:       To ensure the legitimacy of these negotiations, it is      imperative that the attendees know they are dealing with an      indicted war criminal. These negotiations can still move      forward, but they must do so without the involvement of this      indictee. The evidence upon which this indictment was      approved raises serious questions about Taylor's suitability      to be a guarantor of any deal, let alone a peace agreement.  The Ghanaian Government needs to act immediately. It needs to uphold the basic tenants of international law, apprehend Charles Taylor and hold him until arrangements can be made to transfer him to the Court. In addition, the State Department needs to send an unequivocal message to Accra that action on this issue is urgently needed.  This may be the only chance that we get for years to bring Charles Taylor to justice. It is imperative that, in its most important moment thus far, the United States and Ghana do everything in their power to apprehend Charles Taylor. If this does not occur, the world will have missed a golden opportunity to bring to justice one of the world's most heinous war criminals and advance the cause of international justice.  In closing, I would like to read into the Record Mr. Crane's statement issued today that describes the situation concerning Charles Taylor:       Today, on behalf of the people of Sierra Leone and the      international community, I announce the indictment of Charles      Ghankay Taylor, also known as Charles Ghankay Macarthur      Dapkpana Taylor.       The indictment accuses Taylor of ``bearing the greatest      responsibility'' for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and      serious violations of international humanitarian law within      the territory of Sierra Leone since 30 November 1996. The      indictment was judicially approved on March 7th and until      today, was sealed on my request to the Court.       My office was given an international mandate by the United      Nations and the Republic of Sierra Leone to follow the      evidence impartially wherever it leads. It has led us      unequivocally to Taylor.       Upon learning that Taylor was travelling to Ghana, the      Registrar of the Special Court served the outstanding warrant      for his arrest on Ghanaian authorities and transmitted the      arrest warrant to INTERPOL. This is the first time that his      presence outside of Liberia has been publicly confirmed. The      Registrar was doing his duty by carrying out the order of the      Court.       Furthermore, the timing of this announcement was carefully      considered in light of the important peace process begun this      week. To ensure the legitimacy of these negotiations, it is      imperative that the attendees know they are dealing with an      indicted war criminal. These negotiations can still move      forward, but they must do so without the involvement of this      indictee. The evidence upon which this indictment was      approved raises serious questions about Taylor's suitability      to be a guarantor of any deal, let alone a peace agreement.       I am aware that many members of the international community      have invested a great deal of energy in the current peace      talks. I want to make it clear that in reaching my decision      to make the indictment public. I have not consulted with any      state. I am acting as an independent prosecutor and this      decision was based solely on the law.       I also want to send a clear message to all factions      fighting in Liberia that they must respect international      humanitarian law. Commanders are under international legal      obligation to prevent their members from violating the laws      of war and committing crimes against humanity.       In accordance with Security Council resolutions 1315, 1470,      and 1478, now is the time for all nations to reinforce their      commitments to international peace and security. West Africa      will not know true peace until those behind the violence      answer for their actions. This office now calls upon the      international community to take decisive action to ensure      that Taylor is brought to justice.  