President, today we vote to confirm another district court nominee, to the Western District of Pennsylvania. This nominee, Mr. Kim Gibson, is currently a judge on the Court of Common Pleas in Somerset County, in Western Pennsylvania. Judge Gibson is a graduate of West Point Military Academy and graduated second in his class from Dickinson School of Law in Carlisle, PA. Over the course of his career he has served in the Army's Judge Advocate General Corps and the public defender service. Not surprisingly, the ABA gave this nominee its highest rating--unanimous ``well qualified.''  With today's confirmation, the Senate has now confirmed 154 judicial nominees for this President. As I noted this week, the current pace of confirmation stands in stark contrast to what occurred with judicial nominees during the Clinton administration. It was not until well into the fourth year of President Clinton's second term when Republicans controlled the Senate, before this many judicial nominees were confirmed. It took President Reagan, during his first term, almost to the end of his fourth year to get this many judicial nominees confirmed, and that was with a Senate that was controlled by the same party. It also took President George H.W. Bush well into his fourth year to get this many of his judicial nominees confirmed.  In contrast, today, with the shifts in Senate control, it has effectively takena little more than 2 years of rapid Senate action to confirm 154 judicial nominees for this President, including 100 during Democratic control. This year alone the Senate has confirmed 54 judicial nominees, including 11 circuit court nominees in 2003. That is more confirmations in just nine months than Republicans allowed for President Clinton in 1996, 1995, 1999, or 2000. Overall, we have confirmed 28 circuit court nominees of President Bush since July of 2001, which is more than were confirmed at this time in the third year of President Reagan's first term President George H.W. Bush's term, or either of President Clinton's terms.  The Senate has held hearings for 13 Pennsylvania nominees of President Bush's to the Federal courts in Pennsylvania. While I was chairman, the Senate held hearings for and confirmed 10 nominees to the district courts in Pennsylvania, plus Judge D. Brooks Smith to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals.  A look at the Federal judiciary in Pennsylvania indicates that President Bush's nominees have been treated far better than President Clinton's. Today, there is no State in the union that has had more Federal judicial nominees confirmed by this Senate than Pennsylvania.  This is in sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate when President Clinton was in the White House, particularly regarding nominees in the western half of the State.  Just a few months ago, on May 16, 2003, Jon Delano wrote in the Pittsburgh Business Times, an article titled ``Despite Bush Protests, Court Vacancies are Down,'' about how this President's nominees in the western part of Pennsylvania have been treated more fairly than President Clinton's nominees. He wrote:       Take the Western District of Pennsylvania, for example.      During the years of the Santorum filibuster, that court of 10      judges had as many as five vacancies. Today, the Senate has      confirmed four Bush appointees--Judges Joy Contie, David      Cercone, Terry McVerry, and Art Schwab--and the fifth      nomination, attorney Tom Hardiman, has just been sent to the      Senate.       With the elevation and confirmation of Judge Brooks Smith      to the U.S. Court of Appeals, the president still needs to      name one more judge to the local court, but once completed,      Mr. Bush, with less than three years in office, will have      named--and the Senate will have confirmed--six of the 10      judges on the local federal court. That hardly sounds like      obstructionism.  Despite the best efforts and diligence of the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to secure the confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home State, there were nine nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies who never got a vote: Patrick Toole, John Bingler, Robert Freedberg, Lynett Norton, Legrome Davis, David Fineman, Harry Litman, Stephen Lieberman, and Robert Cindrich to the Third Circuit. Despite how well-qualified these nominees were, many of their nominations sat pending before the Senate for more than a year without being considered.  The record of this nominee stands in contrast to the record of many of this President's judicial nominees, particularly for circuit positions. Judge Gibson received a unanimous ``well qualified'' rating from the American Bar Association and has enjoyed a tremendous career as both a litigator and a judge. Far too many of this President's judicial nominees have limited legal experience and no judicial experience but significant partisan experience. In fact, 23 of this President's judicial nominees have earned partial or majority ``not qualified'' ratings from the ABA. Another nominees to the same court, Tom Hardiman, has significantly less litigation experience, no judicial experience and was give a partial ``not qualified'' rating by the ABA. It is also interesting to note that their local bar association, the Allegheny County Bar Association, gave the two nominees very different peer-review ratings. Judge Gibson received a rating of ``highly recommended'' for the district court position. Mr. Hardiman, however, received a rating of ``not recommended'' by the same local bar association.  Certainly, the citizens of Western Pennsylvania deserve a well qualified judiciary to hear their important legal claims in Federal court. I am pleased to lend my support to Judge Gibson's nomination. He will be the 13th judicial nominee of this President confirmed to the State of Pennsylvania and the fifth judge confirmed to the Western District of Pennsylvania. I congratulate Judge Gibson and his family.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.  