President, we are now about a month behind time in getting a number of the appropriations bills through. Senator McConnell and I worked very hard on this bill. I think we have crafted good, bipartisan legislation. Unlike some of the things that happen around here, this has had strong input from both sides of the aisle. It would be a shame if there were so many delays it became part of an omnibus--or, as some more accurately describe, an ``ominous''--appropriations bill.  This bill, as much as anything, can reflect the real nature of America. We are the wealthiest, most powerful nation on Earth. There are so many things we can do and should do even better. It requires pennies per person, for example, to remove the threat of measles, diphtheria, and other diseases in Africa and elsewhere, diseases that kill millions of children.  I do not doubt that if anybody in this body were told, ``Look at these 20 children; if they will give us $2 or $3, we will save their lives; if they do not, the children are going to die,'' of course we would reach in our pocket and say: ``How about some money for others?''  We do have some money for that. It is nowhere near as much as a wealthy nation such as ours should have, but it is a start. That is just one of the things that is in the bill on which we should move forward.  There will be those who will try to bring the amount on AIDS prevention up to the amount the President of the United States has promised over and over again in speeches. We will be supportive and try to bring it up to that amount. I hope the administration will support us as we try to support what the President has said he wants.  There are so many other areas. There is money in there to help the victims of landmines. There are still millions of landmines in the ground all over the world. The Leahy War Victims Fund that is in here is designed to help them. That is a bipartisan effort.  I say that, not to go down through a litany of everything that is in this piece of legislation, because I would much prefer people come forward and raise their amendments and have them voted on. We, as Senator McConnell said, can finish this bill today. We can finish by early evening with cooperation. After 29 years here, I know what happens to a bill such as this. It is almost like pulling teeth to get people to the floor now. At about 5 or 6 at night, people are here saying, My gosh, I have to go to this; I have to go to that; can't you put this over to tomorrow?  I know we have time agreements. Now is the time to do it. The McConnell-Leahy store is open. Come by and do your shopping. Let us talk. Let us reason together. Let us seek prayerful guidance under the benevolent tutelage of the distinguished Presiding Officer, and let us get this bill off and get it voted through. The final package is going to pass overwhelmingly. Let's get the amendments done.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  