President, with the judicial confirmation today, in less than 3 years' time, President George W. Bush has exceeded the number of judicial nominees confirmed for President Reagan in all 4 years of his first term in office. Senate Democrats have cooperated so that this President has now exceeded that record. Republicans acknowledge to be the ``all-time champ'' at appointing Federal judges. Since July 2001, despite the fact that the Senate majority has shifted twice, a total of 167 judicial nominations have been confirmed, including 29 circuit court appointments. One hundred judges were confirmed in the 17 months of the Democratic Senate majority and now 67 have been confirmed during the comparative time of the Republican majority.  One would think that the White House and the Republicans in the Senate would be heralding this landmark. One would think they would be congratulating themselves for putting more lifetime appointed judges on the Federal bench than President Reagan did in his entire first term and doing it in three-quarters of the time. But Republicans have a different partisanmessage and this truth is not consistent with their efforts to mislead the American people into thinking that Democrats have obstructed judicial nominations.  Not only has President Bush been accorded more confirmations than President Reagan achieved during his entire first term, but he has also achieved more confirmations this year than in any of the 6 years that Republicans controlled the Senate when President Clinton was in office. Not once was President Clinton allowed 67 confirmations in a year when Republicans controlled the pace of confirmations. Despite the high numbers of vacancies and availability of highly qualified nominees, Republicans never cooperated with President Clinton to the extent Senate Democrats have. President Bush has appointed more lifetime circuit and district court judges in 10 months this year than President Clinton was allowed in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, or 2000.  Last year, the Democratic majority in the Senate proceeded to confirm 72 of President Bush's judicial nominees and was savagely attacked nonetheless. Likewise, in 1992, the last previous full year in which a Democratic Senate majority considered the nominees of a Republican President, 66 circuit and district court judges were confirmed. Historically, in the last year of an administration, consideration of nominations slows, the ``Thurmond rule'' is invoked and vacancies are left to the winner of the Presidential election. In 1992, Democrats proceeded to confirm 66 of President Bush's judicial nominees even though it was a Presidential election year. By contrast, in 1996, when Republicans controlled the pace for consideration of President Clinton's judicial nominees, only 17 judges were confirmed and not a single one of them was to a circuit court.  In fact, President Bush has now already appointed more judges in his third year in office than in the third year of the last five Presidential terms, including the most recent term when Republicans controlled the Senate and President Clinton was leading the country to historic economic achievements. That year, in 1999, Republicans allowed only 34 judicial nominees of President Clinton to be confirmed all year, including only 7 circuit court nominees. Those are close to the average totals for the 6 years 1995-2000 when a Republican Senate majority was determining how quickly to consider the judicial nominees of a Democratic President. By contrast, with today's confirmation, the Senate this year will have confirmed 67 judicial nominees, including 12 circuit court nominees, almost double the totals for 1999.  These facts stand in stark contrast to the false partisan rhetoric that demonize the Senate for having blocked all of this President's judicial nominations. The reality is that the Senate is proceeding at a record pace and achieving record numbers. We have worked hard to balance the need to fill judicial vacancies with the imperative that Federal judges need to be fair. In so doing, we have reduced the number of judicial vacancies to 41. More than 95 percent of the Federal judgeships are filled. After inheriting 110 vacancies when the Senate Judiciary Committee reorganized under Democratic control in 2001, I helped move through and confirm 100 of the President's judicial nominees in just 17 months. With the additional 67 confirmations this year, we have reached the lowest number of vacancies in 13 years. There are more Federal judges on the bench today than at any time in American history.  The nominee we vote on today is particularly suited to being the 167th judicial nominee confirmed, for Judge Dale Fischer was nominated after recommendation from a bipartisan selection commission in California. When we can work together on consensus nominations, they move quickly and successfully to confirmation. The nominee has the support of both home-State Senators, both Democrats, and has earned the unanimous support of all 19 Senators who are members of the Judiciary Committee, both Republicans and Democrats. She has significant judicial experience and received the highest peer review rating available. I am happy to support this nomination and congratulate the nominee and her family on her confirmation. I also comment Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer on maintaining a bipartisan selection process.  