President, today, we confirm R. Hewitt Pate to be Assistant Attorney General of the Antitrust Division at the Department of Justice. The Antitrust Division is charged with a critically important role in protecting our nation's consumers and their markets, and I look forward to Mr. Pate fulfilling that role with diligence and distinction.  As the boundaries of our marketplaces are expanding ever outward, many of the competitive issues that were once only local have become regional, national, or even global in their impact. That global economy is also increasingly dominated by high tech and information industries. In those arenas, technological change and innovation are taking place at dizzying speed, and we are seeing new and creative products and services developed every day. Fair and efficient policing of corporate behavior in those swiftly evolving markets is particularly important to ensure that the early entrants do not preclude competition from later rivals, and that a rapid accumulation of market power cannot be used to harm consumers.  Another hallmark of antitrust problems arising in recent years has been the increasing number of situations in which suppliers and distributors join forces, possibly to the detriment of consumers. Many of us are accustomed to thinking of antitrust enforcement as focused on mergers of competitors, but as more and more vertical arrangements are entered into, we must be aware--and be wary--of such deals. While in some cases they may permit consumers a greater range of choice than they would otherwise enjoy, they can also facilitate grievously anticompetitive behavior. As we all move more and more of our acquisition of information, of goods, and of services, to the Internet, the online businesses and markets will need the scrutiny of the Antitrust Division to help guarantee that those marketplaces provide digital-age consumers with the quality and quantity of offerings that have long been the promise of the Internet.  As Mr. Pate confronts these issues, with the help of the many seasoned career lawyers and economists in the Antitrust Division, I am confident that he will be able to protect and promote the competitive health of the American economy. We all stand to benefit if he does his job well. I stand by ready to help him ensure that consumers and producers alike enjoy the benefits of a properly functioning marketplace.  