President, I am proud to join Senator Campbell to introduce the ``Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2003,'' which permits current and retired law enforcement officers to carry a firearm and be prepared to assist in dangerous situations. During his time in the Senate, Senator Campbell has been a leader in the area of law enforcement. As a former deputy sheriff, he knows the difficulties law enforcement officers face due to the patchwork of conceal-carry laws in State and local jurisdictions. He and I have worked together on several pieces of law enforcement legislation, such as the Bulletproof Vests Partnership Grant Acts of 1998 and 2000. I look forward to working with him on our bipartisan bill.  I am pleased that 30 Senators, including Judiciary Committee Chairman Hatch and Committee Members Schumer, Edwards, Feinstein, Grassley, Kyl, Sessions, DeWine, Craig, Graham, and Cornyn, as well as Assistant Democratic Leader Reid and Assistant Republican Leader McConnell--have joined Senator Campbell and me as original cosponsors of this bill in an effort to make our communities safer and better to protect law enforcement officers and their families. In the last Congress, Senator Hatch and I worked together to reach consensus and have the Judiciary Committee approve this legislation by an 18-1 vote. I thank Senator Hatch for his past support and look forward to working with him again on our bipartisan bill.  We introduce this measure in the Senate at the request of the Fraternal Order of Police, which strongly supports this legislation to protect officers and their families from vindictive criminals and to permit officers to respond immediately to a crime when off duty. Last year, when I chaired the Judiciary Committee, I was honored to work closely with FOP's National President, Lt. Steve Young, whose death earlier this month was a sad loss for all of us. Steve was dedicated to this legislation because he understood the importance of having law enforcement officers across the nation armed and prepared whenever and wherever threats to our peace or to our public safety arise. I will continue my close work with the FOP and its new National President, Major Chuck Canterbury, to pass this legislation into law.  There are approximately 740,000 sworn law enforcement officers currently serving in the United States. Since the first recorded police death in 1792, there have been more than 16,400 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. A total of 1,694 law enforcement officers died in the line of duty over the last decade, an average of 170 deaths per year. Roughly 5 percent of officers who die are killed taking law enforcement action while in an off-duty capacity. On average, more than 62,000 law enforcement officers are assaulted each year, resulting in some 21,000 injuries.  Until 2001, violent crime in this country had declined each of the preceding 8 years. Indeed, it had declined by 40 percent since it peaked at 4 million violent crimes in 1993. Community policing and the outstanding work of so many law enforcement officers played a vital key in our crime control efforts. Unfortunately, during the past two years the downward trend in violent crime ended and violent crime turned upward. Last month, the FBI reported that crime rose slightly in the first half of 2002, including a 2.3 percent increase in murders. The preliminary numbers for 2002 follow an increase in crime in 2001 that was the first in a decade, coinciding with a struggling economy that many experts say could be a contributing factor. Crime rose in 2001 by 2.1 percent, compared with the year before.  The Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2003 is designed to protect officers and their families from vindictive criminals and to allow thousands of equipped, trained and certified law enforcement officers, whether on or off duty or retired, to carry concealed firearms in most situations, thus enabling them to respond immediately to a crime. Our bipartisan bill will allow thousands of equipped, trained and certified law enforcement officers continually to serve and protect our communities, regardless of jurisdiction, and at no cost to taxpayers.  To qualify for the bill's uniform standards a law enforcement officer must be authorized to use a firearm by the law enforcement agency where he or she works, meet the standards of the agency to regularly use a firearm, not be prohibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm, and be carrying a photo identification issued by the agency.  A qualified retired law enforcement officer under the bill must have retired in good standing, have been qualified by the agency to carry or use a firearm, have been employed at least 15 years as a law enforcement officer unless forced to retire due to a service-connected disability, have a nonforfeitable right to retirement plan benefits of the law enforcement agency, annually meet State firearms training and qualifications that are the same as active law enforcement officers, not be prohibited by Federal law from receiving a firearm, and be carrying a photo identification issued by the agency.  I have heard from many representatives of the law enforcement community, including the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Officers, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the International Brotherhood of Police Officers, and the California Correctional Peace Officers Association, CCPOA, that national legislation is necessary because of the current patchwork of state and local conceal-carry laws. I have also received letters of support for the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act from a variety of Vermont law enforcement officials, including Chief Osburn Glidden of Williston, Officer Wade Johnson of Hinesburg, Chief Trevor Whipple of Barre, Officer Bonnie Hotchkiss of Barre, Sergeant Mike Manning and Sergeant David Yustin of the Vermont State Police, and nine Field Supervision Correctional Officers assigned to the Vermont Department of Corrections Barre Community Correctional Service Center.  As a former State prosecutor, I know that law enforcement Officers are never ``off-duty.'' They are dedicated public servants trained to uphold the law and keep the peace. When there is a threat to our public safety, law enforcement officers are sown to answer that call. The Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act will enable law enforcement officers in Vermont and across the nation to be armed and prepared when they answer that call, no matter where, when, or in what form it comes.  I urge my colleagues to support the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act to make our communities safer and to protect law enforcement officers and their families.  