As he knows, being a member of the Judiciary Committee, while the debate time was scheduled by the committee, at the same time they scheduled hearings on various judicial nominees, including a very controversial nominee to another circuit court. As have others, including the distinguished Chair, I have tried to balance my time from place to place and attend to both matters ongoing simultaneously. I am sorry that I could not be here to open the debate but was at the hearing helping to open those proceedings.  Today we consider Mr. Tymkovich as the fourth of President Bush's nominees to this circuit to be considered by the Senate. Three of the nominees to the Tenth Circuit were given hearings and confirmed during the time I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee.  President Bush sent up Harris Hartz of New Mexico to the Tenth Circuit. I arranged to get him a hearing and vote on the floor. In fact, I voted for him. President Bush sent up Terrence O'Brien of Wyoming. I arranged to get him a hearing and a vote on the floor. I voted for him. President Bush sent up Michael McConnell of Utah, a highly controversial, extraordinarily conservative nominee, heavily backed by the Federalist Society and others. I arranged to get a hearing for him, and I voted for him.  I mention that because it is in stark contrast to the treatment of President Clinton's nominees to vacancies on the Tenth Circuit. We were fair and took action on three of President Bush's nominees to the Tenth Circuit last year. Today the Senate is debating and voting on his last remaining nominee to that circuit.  Let us recall what happened when Republicans were in charge and there was a Democratic President. President Clinton nominated two outstanding lawyers to this vacancy, the one about which we talk today. James Lyons, whom I have known it seems forever, is a brilliant lawyer. He would have been an outstanding federal judge, one who in that position would be totally impartial, would fit the qualifications necessary for a judge--that is, when you walked in the court, you would know, whether you are Republican or Democrat, rich, poor, plaintiff, defendant, black, white or anything else, that you would be treated fairly. Mr. Lyons was not treated fairly. He was not even allowed to have a hearing let alone consideration by the Judiciary Committee or a vote by the Senate.  Then President Clinton nominated Christine Arguello, an outstanding Hispanic woman. She was not allowed to have a hearing either. It was not that she was not qualified. In fact, speaking of these two, Mr. Lyons was among the many Clinton nominees given the highest qualification by the American Bar Association. Like so many others who fit in that category, he was never allowed even to have a hearing. It was not a question of voting up or down. Republicans were in the majority. They could have voted him down. But both these well qualified nominees were not even allowed to have a hearing.  Ms. Arguello is a talented Hispanic attorney. Her nomination had widespread support from her community and State. Both Republicans and Democrats called and wrote to me on her behalf. But as with so many circuit court vacancies on the Tenth Circuit, the Fourth Circuit, the Fifth Circuit, the Sixth Circuit, the Eighth Circuit, the Ninth Circuit, the District of Columbia Circuit, and around the country, these qualified nominees, whose only sin was that they were nominated by a Democratic President, were not allowed to have hearings or votes.  The Republican-controlled Senate made it very clear: We will not hold hearings or vote on them. Someday there will be a Republican President, and then we will fill these seats in a campaign to stack the courts.  This was very clear. This happened during President Clinton's first term in the Senate--the Republican Senate blocking his nominations from even having a hearing because Republicans thought he would never get reelected and then they could put in Republicans to fill those judicial vacancies. It is very clear. Everybody here heard the comments in the cloakroom and in the Senators' dining room. Look at the record, in the 1996 session, the Republican Senate majority would not consider or confirm a single nominee to a circuit court anywhere in the country, not one. During that entire year only 17 judges were confirmed and all were to the district courts.  President Clinton then had a landslide reelection victory. We naively assumed that the Senate Republicans would work with us to help fill the many judicial vacancies that had been perpetuated. Not so. They thought maybe 4 years later they might have another chance and there might be a Republican administration and they could get the courts to do what we wanted. Despite vacancies that reached over 100, Republicans denied there was a vacancies crisis and insisted on slow and searching inquiries on those lucky nominees who were considered at all. Of course, more than 50 of President Clinton's judicial nominees were never given a hearing and a vote. Others, the lucky ones, were delayed for years and years before Senate Republicans would allow a vote.  Then in the most recent presidential election, as we know, Al Gore got half a million more votes but did not become President. I respect the electoral system. President Bush won the electoral vote, and there was a 1-vote margin in the Supreme Court determining that. All of a sudden, all these seats that have been kept open year after year because Republicans would not allow anybody to come forward, were valuable opportunities.  When Democrats were the Senate majority, we tried to help, to work with the administration and with Senate Republicans. Take, the Tenth Circuit. Even though President Clinton's nominees had been unfairly held up, we did not do the same thing to President Bush's nominees. We proceeded to confirm 100 of his judicial nominees in 17 months. We proceeded on three of his nominees to the Tenth Circuit and filled three of the four vacancies on that circuit by adjournment last year.  With respect to this remaining nomination, that of Timothy Tymkovich, Imust say--not just because of the shameful, inexcusable way James Lyons and Christine Arguello were treated by the Republicans--I have serious misgivings about this nomination. Mr. Tymkovich has worked to undermine environmental protections and other Federal programs in the name of States rights. He has a particular view of States rights, one that I believe will color his decision making and result in hostility to Federal legislation designed to protect all Americans' civil rights and all Americans' environmental rights.  In 1996, Mr. Tymkovich testified before the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee, where he made strident comments about his perceptions of States' rights. His testimony indicated that his support for ``States' rights'' was conveniently focused on rolling back Federal regulation in areas where he had substantive disagreements with Federal policy. He testified in favor of the so-called Tenth Amendment Enforcement Act, which called on Congress to eliminate implied preemption, a form of preemption that has been consistently recognized by the United States Supreme Court.  He claimed that the Federal Government had interfered in Colorado's State's rights. Mr. Tymkovich complained that the Federal Government had been ``especially intrusive into State affairs in the area of the environment.'' He cited as examples of such interference and ``overreaching'' the EPA's opposition to a State ``self-audit'' program. That State program would have granted enforcement immunity to polluters that voluntarily came forward and agreed to address problems in the future. Immunity would have applied no matter how damaging the polluters' actions had been. The State legislation was opposed by the EPA because it violated State obligations under several Federal statutes--the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act, among others. Mr. Tymkovich chided the EPA for refusing to give the same immunity to polluters. In addition to his statements about the self-audit program, Mr. Tymkovich protested the EPA's rejection of State programs in water and air quality programs that did not meet Federal standards.  Mr. Tymkovich also complained in his hearing testimony that the Federal Government violated States' rights by requiring Colorado to follow Federal Medicaid law if the State chose to accept Federal Medicaid funding. He argued that States should be allowed to accept Federal Medicaid funding and then refuse to use those funds as prescribed by Federal law; that is, to deny the termination of pregnancies in the limited situation where a Medicaid-qualified woman has been the victim of rape or incest. He argued that States should be allowed to accept Federal Medicaid funding, but absolutely refuse to use these funds--funds that come from all of us from the State of Vermont, the State of Alabama, and every place else as prescribed by Federal law. He argued: We will use your money, but you have no say in how we use it.  Finally, Mr. Tymkovich claimed that the Federal ``motor voter'' law was an ``intrusion'' that ``impose[d] special burdens.'' He called the law an ``unfunded mandate'' that ``unquestionably interferes with the States' internal affairs.'' In summary, he argued that ``Congress has long ignored State interests.''  I am also concerned about Mr. Tymkovich's involvement in attempts to weaken Title IX. As State solicitor general, Mr. Tymkovich appealed a decision by a Federal District Court finding that Colorado State University had violated Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The suit, Roberts v. Colorado State Board of Agriculture, was originally brought by members of the women's fast-pitch softball team, which had been cut by the university. The plaintiffs argued that the termination of support for the team was a violation of Title IX. The District Court issued a permanent injunction that required the university to reinstate funding for the program and to provide the team with equal benefits to other sports programs at the college.  Mr. Tymkovich appealed the case to the Tenth Circuit, arguing that additional evidentiary requirements should be placed upon Title IX plaintiffs. The Tenth Circuit affirmed the lower court's ruling, finding that the university had not shown that it had fully and effectively accommodated the interests and abilities of women athletes.  Title IX has been vital to the inclusion of women and girls in all facets of education, especially athletics. You do not have to be a parent or grandparent to know that now, if you go into any schoolyard and you look at those playing sports at the grade school and high school level, you see boys and girls playing. At the college level, you see both young men and young women playing sports. This has been important to all of us.  I am also concerned about the personal hostility Mr. Tymkovich has shown to Americans based on their sexual orientation, and about his failure to accept the importance of civil rights laws. As Colorado solicitor general, he argued a case before the Colorado and U.S. Supreme Courts, in which he unsuccessfully defended Colorado's 1992 ballot initiative that added a broadly-worded provision in the Colorado Constitution prohibiting any legal protections based upon sexual orientation. Ultimately, the Supreme Court of the United States found that the Colorado law was motivated by prejudice, not rationality, and thus ran afoul to the most basic premise of the equal protection clause.  So after he litigated the Romer case, and after a conservative Supreme Court ruled against him, he authored a bitter law review article both defending his position and chastising the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States and of the Supreme Court of Colorado. He criticized Justice Kennedy's decision in Romer as ``an important case study of the Supreme Court's willingness to block a disfavored political result--even to the point of ignoring or disfiguring established precedent.'' He also referred to the U.S. Supreme Court's oral argument process as ``judicial histrionics.'' He concluded by saying this was ``another example of ad hoc, activist jurisprudence, without constitutional mooring.''  Mr. President, I say this because this is a man who claims he would be perfectly willing to follow the decisions of the Supreme Court. In fact, the most revealing aspect of his law review is his failure to acknowledge and respect the decision of the Supreme Court and the views and integrity of those on the other side of the argument from him.  I have voted for hundreds of judges nominated by both Republican and Democratic Presidents. My personal belief is that it is not whether they are Democrats or Republicans, liberal or conservative, pro-life or pro-choice, or whatever they might be; that is not the issue. The issue is whether, when somebody comes before that court, that they know that they are going to be treated with fairness, treated with respect, with courtesy, no matter which side they are on or what legal position they support in that litigation.  A Federal judge has an enormous amount of power. If somebody comes into court and they know the case is already decided, that the judge has already determined, based on who you are, how the case is going to be decided, then I think you have a real problem that goes to the integrity of the courts and certainly to the independence of the courts, and it determines which way those courts are going to be seen.  Why is that important in Mr. Tymkovich's case? Because he shows what type of a judicial temperament he would have. A most revealing aspect of his law review article is his failure to acknowledge and respect the views or integrity of those on the other side of the legal debate. His article made me ask myself why he felt compelled to continue to advocate for the positions he was taking once the case had been concluded, once the Supreme Court had determined what the law was.  He obviously feels very strongly personally about these matters. That is fine and that is his right. But that does not mean that he should be confirmed to a lifetime appointment on a Federal circuit court. Had he merely served as the attorney advocating a position in court, he could have chalked his involvement in the Romer case up to professional advocacy in support of a provision adopted in Colorado. Instead, he went well beyond professional legal advocacy. His advocacy went to the point of raising the question whether thisman will be able to be fair to all litigants. He wrote that ``our society prohibits, and all human societies have prohibited, certain activity not because they harm others, but because they are considered, in the traditional phrase `contra bonos mores', i.e. immoral.''  In short, the article seems replete with heavy anti-homosexual rhetoric. The hallmark of a good judge is his or her ability to be fair to all who come before the court. I have very grave doubts that Mr. Tymkovich can or will act in an unbiased or fair manner involving civil rights. His expressions seem otherwise.  Equally disturbing about this incident is Mr. Tymkovich's apparent unwillingness candidly to admit error either to the courts or the Judiciary Committee. You have to wonder if he would be fair and impartial as a judge in a court.  In a case in which Mr. Tymkovich was involved in private practice, he represented the Republican and Libertarian parties, along with several State legislators, in their challenge to the constitutionality of Colorado's Fair Campaign Act. In the course of his representation, which saw him before both the trial court and the Tenth Circuit, Mr. Tymkovich erroneously agreed to consensual dismissal of one of his client's claims before the district court. While each court differed about the merits of the alleged claims, both agreed that Mr. Tymkovich voluntarily dismissed a claim that (1) there was no other means of challenging and (2) which he evidently still desired to litigate. In a case of such high importance, and for a person being nominated to a court of such significance, his actions in this case appear to include a rather serious mistake that reflects upon his competency.  Equally disturbing about this incident is Mr. Tymkovich's apparent unwillingness to candidly admit his error either to the courts or the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Tymkovich continued to argue the matter and assert that the District Court behaved improperly and without reason in dismissing his client's first amendment claim. So, too, did he fail to reveal his error in his Senate Questionnaire. Although he truthfully stated that he won some of the claims he pursued, his careful wording on his Senate Questionnaire seems particularly crafted to avoid this aspect of the case.  I note for those who have recently trumpeted the ABA ratings as an important indicator of professional competence--especially when a close friend of President Bush is in charge of those ratings--Mr. Tymkovich received a rating that was partially ``not qualified,'' indicating that a number of evaluators did not consider him suited to the position on the Tenth Circuit in which he was nominated.  I am concerned that Mr. Tymkovich is yet another of President Bush's nominees to the circuit court who is going to work to undermine Federal laws and programs designed to guarantee protection of civil rights and the environment. I will vote against him.  I will vote against him because I do not believe that people can walk into his court and believe they are going to be treated fairly. I fear that people who come into his court and see that the person on the other side fits into the judge's narrow view of who is acceptable and what is acceptable will think that other person is going to win and I am going to lose no matter what the merits are.  This is the last remaining vacancy on the Tenth Circuit. We had 7 years without a new judge of that circuit. Even though President Clinton tried, Republicans refused to allow his nominees to go forward to be considered.  When I became chairman, we moved three judges who were nominated by President Bush through to confirmation. None of them were people I would have ever nominated. I voted for all of them. I thought even though we were opposed and apart philosophically that they could be fair. I did it notwithstanding my own deep concern about the unreasonable unfairness of the Republicans in not allowing a vote, not even a hearing, on President Clinton's nominees. I was determined not to do that to President Bush. I thought it was absolutely wrong when it was done to President Clinton. So three of those four nominees went forward and they all sit on that court today as President Bush's lifetime appointments to the Tenth Circuit.  We have worked hard to reverse the growing number of vacancies on the Federal courts and on the circuit courts, vacancies that were maintained under the Republican Senate majority when President Clinton was in the White House. Even though President Clinton nominated qualified, moderate people, they were not allowed to have hearings. We tried to change that. Perhaps it is a case where no good deed goes unpunished. We tried to demonstrate to this new White House that we could be different.  In January 1995, when the Republican majority took control of the confirmation process, there were only 16 vacancies on the circuit courts. When I became chairman in the summer of 2001, there were 33 circuit court vacancies. At the end of last year, these vacancies had been cut by almost 25 percent, even though 9 new circuit vacancies arose during that time.  We held the first hearing for a nominee to the Fourth Circuit in 3 years, and confirmed him and another most controversial nominee, even though seven of President Clinton's nominees to that circuit never received a hearing.  We proceeded with the first hearing for a nominee to the Fifth Circuit in 7 years and confirmed her, even though three of President Clinton's nominees to that circuit were never given a hearing.  We proceeded with the first hearing on a nominee to the Sixth Circuit in almost 5 years, confirmed her, and another controversial nominee to that circuit, even though three of President Clinton's nominees to that circuit never received a hearing.  We proceeded with the first hearings on a nominee to the Tenth Circuit in 6 years. We confirmed three, even though two of President Clinton's nominees to that circuit were never allowed hearings.  There is today no current vacancy on the First Circuit to which we confirmed a conservative nominee last year. There are no current vacancies on the Eighth Circuit to which we confirmed 3 of President Bush's nominees in spite of the irresponsible treatment the Republican Senate majority had afforded Bonnie Campbell of Iowa.  I have been in the Senate with six Presidents, President Ford, President Carter, President Reagan, former President Bush, President Clinton, and the current President Bush. On judicial nominees, each of the five previous Presidents had their own views of who they wanted on the courts, and that is their prerogative whom they nominate. Each one of those Presidents sought to unite rather than divide when it came to the Federal judiciary. I think each understood that the integrity and independence of the Federal courts has to be protected. Each one of those five Presidents actually worked with Members of both parties in the Senate for nominees to go forward. I remember sitting in many meetings with Presidents of both parties.  This President is the first one in my experience in 29 years, who seems to have no interest whatsoever in working with the Senate. He seems perfectly happy with what was done in the past by members of his party, and now with members of his party willing to change the rules--ignore the rules and go forward and do things that have never been done before--so long as they win.  In the short run, you win. In the long run, you hurt badly the integrity and the independence of the Federal court. That is one thing we should think of. These are lifetime appointments. They are not the terms of Senators or Presidents. Presidents have 4-year terms. Senators have 6-year terms. The Federal bench has a lifetime term.  Finally, even though his term is approximately halfway over, I urge the President to try for a few months to be a uniter, not a divider and work with the Senate on nominating judges. We showed we were willing to move judges much faster for him when the Democrats were in control than the Republicans did when they were in control and there was a Democratic President.  Work with us. You are going to have better courts; all Americans will have better courts. You can still appoint a lot of Republicans--that is fine. But you could have an independent court, not courts that are going to be seen by a growing--and it is growing--numberaround this country as an arm of the Republican Party. Professor Sheldon Goldman was recently quoted in an article by Stephanie B. Goldberg in MS. Magazine as saying: ``If courts are perceived as being governed by political ideology, they lose public support and are no longer seen as an independent branch of government. They're just an arm of the regime.'' Courts should not be an arm of the Democratic Party or the Republican Party. It is one branch of Government that should be independent. This White House seems to want to change that.  Over more than 200 years of history, Presidents occasionally have been unable to resist the temptation of court-packing schemes, such as in the case of John Adams or Franklin Roosevelt. Those were wisely rejected. If the White House is unwilling to have an independent judiciary, I hope the Senate will show enough courage to reject that.  Before observing the absence of a quorum I ask unanimous consent that the time run equally against both sides.  