President.  Mr. President, I rise in support of the substitute offered by the distinguished minority leader and my colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, to H.R. 1122, the partial-birth abortion legislation.  Let me be clear at the outset that I do not favor abortion. Like most women, I do not believe that abortion should be used as a means of contraception, and I am extremely pleased that the incidence of abortion is on the decline in my State of Maine. In fact, it has dropped by more than 43 percent over the past 10 years.  Moreover, while I respect the right of a woman to choose to terminate a pregnancy during the early stages, even if it is not a choice that I personally would ever make, I am strongly opposed to all late-term abortions that are not necessary to preserve the physical health or the life of the mother.  Fortunately, these procedures are exceedingly rare in my State where just one abortion involving a fetus 20 weeks or older was recorded in all of 1995.  We have heard some graphic and extremely disturbing descriptions of the partial-birth-abortion procedure duringthe debate on this bill. However, all of the procedures used to perform late-term abortions are equally gruesome and horrible and troubling.  I agree with the minority leader that this debate should not be about one particular method of abortion, but rather should focus on the larger question of under what circumstances should late-term abortions be legally available. My belief is that late-term abortions, whatever the procedure used, should be banned, except in those rare cases where the life or the physical health of the mother is at serious risk.  In my view, Congress is not well equipped to make judgments on specific medical procedures. As the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists has said:       The intervention of legislative bodies into medical      decisionmaking is inappropriate, ill-advised and dangerous.  Most politicians have neither the training nor the experience to decide which procedure is most appropriate in any given case. These medically difficult and highly personal decisions should be left for families to make in consultation with their doctors.  While I do not believe that it is appropriate for us to dictate medical practice, I do believe that Congress does have an appropriate duty to consider the circumstances under which access to abortion by any procedure should be restricted.  The Supreme Court, in Roe versus Wade, has set certain parameters for our task by identifying ``viability''--the point at which the fetus is capable of sustaining life outside the womb with or without life support as the defining point in determining the constitutionality of restrictions on abortion.  The amendment we are proposing today goes beyond S. 6 which simply prohibits a medical procedure and will not prevent a single abortion. I think that is a point that has been missed frequently in this debate. By contrast, the Daschle-Snowe substitute would prohibit the abortion of any viable fetus by any method unless the abortion is necessary to preserve the life of the mother or to prevent grievous injury to her physical health.  Mr. President, some have expressed concern that providing a general exception for the health of the mother creates too large a loophole, that it will allow late-term abortions to be performed simply because the mother is depressed or feeling stressed by the pregnancy. I share this concern. I completely agree. And that is why I opposed the amendment offered by the Senators from California, and it is why I have worked so hard to carefully and tightly limit the exception in this amendment to grievous injury to the mother's physical health.  ``Grievous injury'' is narrowly and strictly defined by the amendment as either a ``severely debilitating disease or impairment specifically caused by the pregnancy'' or an ``inability to provide necessary treatment for a life-threatening condition.'' Moreover, grievous injury does not include any condition that is not medically diagnosable or any condition for which the termination of the pregnancy is not medically indicated. This language is far more restrictive, and rightly so, than the broad ``health'' exception debated earlier.  Mr. President, we are not talking about healthy mothers aborting healthy fetuses in the final weeks of pregnancy. We are not talking about hypothetical examples developed by rogue doctors as excuses for performing abortions. What we are talking about are the severe medically diagnosable threats to a woman's physical health that are sometimes brought on or aggravated by pregnancy. Let me give my colleagues a few examples.  Primary pulmonary hypertension, which can cause sudden death or intractable congestive heart failure;  Severe pregnancy-aggravated hypertension with accompanying kidney or liver failure;  Complications from aggravated diabetes, such as amputation or blindness;  Or an inability to treat aggressive cancers, such as leukemia, breast cancer, or non-Hodgkins lymphoma.  These are all conditions that are cited in the medical literature as possible indications for pregnancy terminations. In these rare cases, I believe that we should leave the very difficult decisions about what should be done to the best judgment of the women, their families, and the physicians involved.  Mr. President, last month, after weeks of heated debate and discussion, the Maine State legislature rejected a bill to ban partial-birth abortions.  During the course of that emotional debate--and this was a very difficult and agonizing debate for all of us--Republican Senator Betty Lou Mitchell of Etna, ME, talked about the decision her daughter-in-law faced 12 years ago. Well into her much-wanted pregnancy, at more than 5 months, the expectant mother learned that her fetus was seriously brain damaged and could not live in the world for more than a few months. Moreover, she was told that carrying the baby to term would prevent her from ever having another child. Faced with this devastating news, she made the heartwrenching decision to terminate the much-wanted pregnancy.  Maine State minority leader Jane Amero told me of a similar experience of a friend's daughter who suffered an extremely serious infection very late in her pregnancy. If she had not terminated that pregnancy, this young woman, who very much wanted to be a mother, would have been left sterile at the age of 25.  The stories told by these two Maine State senators revealed the reality behind the rhetoric in this highly charged emotional debate. Thankfully, most of us here will never face such wrenching decisions. But we know that there are women who do. And the question is, whether this highly personal choice, under such difficult and tragic medical circumstances, should be made by these women and their families or by the Federal Government.  In my judgment, the substitute before us will ensure that late-term abortions are severely limited and limited to only those rare and tragic cases where the life or the physical health of the mother is in serious jeopardy. I urge adoption of the substitute.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DeWine). Who yields time?  