President.  Mr. President, I am delighted to join my colleagues, particularly Senator McCain and Senator Feingold, in announcing our intent to bring bipartisan campaign finance reform legislation to a vote in September. At the State level, Maine has led the Nation on this issue, and the people of my State think the time has come for Congress to step up to the plate and enact meaningful reform.  As a member of the Governmental Affairs Committee, I have spent the past month listening to testimony about illegal campaign contributions. It is not a pretty picture. In my opening statement at the hearings, I observed that our political system suffers from a mania for money. If anything, the hearings have demonstrated that I underestimated just how intense that mania is.  Mr. President, we should be embarrassed by how our political system is viewed. Listen to the judgment rendered by Johnny Chung, one of the individuals alleged to have laundered foreign political contributions. ``I see the White House is like a subway--you have to put in coins to open the gates.'' What Mr. Chung did not say, because he did not have to say it, is that the vast majority of hard-working and honest Americans do not have enough coins to make the gates open.  This is not a partisan observation. All of us in this Chamber--Republicans and Democrats alike--should be embarrassed at the perception that the leaders of the greatest Nation on earth are accessible only to those with enough coins.  Mr. President, we should be embarrassed that the American people are convinced that we will never reform the system, that we will never put the integrity of our political system ahead of our self-interests.  Some argue that the relative quiet of the people means they are satisfied with the status quo, but that is wrong. In this case, silence sends a stronger message of disapproval than the loudest shouts of protest. The message that it sends is that people have given up on us. Look at the reform efforts at the State level, and you will see that it is not that the voters do not believe in campaign finance reform. It is that they do not believe in the U.S. Senate.  We all know that if left untreated, the disease that afflicts our political system will only grow worse. With the high cost of television ads, the money frenzy can only grow. Indeed, the television ad race has become the political counterpart of the nuclear arms race characterized by the same insecure feeling that one can never have enough.  None of us involved in this effort has all of the answers. We recognize that reforming our campaign finance laws raises difficult issues of public policy and thorny issues of constitutional law. Our approach is not set in stone. We are open to other ideas. We are open to compromise, but we are not open to letting the Senate duck this issue. Like my colleagues, I look forward to working with the leadership of this body to bring this matter to a vote. We have an obligation to the American people to ensure that such a vote comes about, and we are determined to make that happen in September.  Mr. President, the American dream has undergone some changes, not all of which are for the better. We are now living in a country in which any millionaire can dream of growing up to be a United States Senator. That may be an acceptable state of affairs during a time of peace and prosperity, when the Government does not need to call upon the people of this Nation to make sacrifices. But the unhealthy mix between money and politics may produce far more worrisome consequences during periods when America is tested. As with all reforms, the time to make them is before they are urgently needed.  I look forward to a vigorous debate and vote on this issue in September. I thank my colleagues for working with me on this important issue.  I yield the floor.  