President, I rise today to engage in a colloquy with the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Gregg, regarding the National Weather Service's ongoing top-to-bottom review of its operations and structure.  I am taking this opportunity today to express my hope and belief that this review process will conclude that the Weather Service Office in Caribou, ME, should be fully upgraded to a Weather Forecasting Office. I just want to comment very briefly, Mr. President, on a few of the reasons why the Caribou Weather Service Office should be upgraded.  In general, it is the Weather Service's policy that weather forecastingoffices should cover roughly 17,000 square miles. Right now, the Weather Forecasting Office in Gray, ME--which is more than 230 miles from Caribou--is attempting to provide services for roughly 63,000 square miles, an area more than three times larger than the norm. Given the huge area involved, it is extremely difficult for the small staff of a Weather Service Office to provide the services necessary to ensure public safety.  For example, the Weather Service Office currently has only one electrical technician who must service equipment in Frenchville, Caribou, Houlton, and as far south as Millinocket, in Penobscot County. This is an enormous workload for just one employee, particularly in light of the possibility that repairs may be needed at the same time at different locations far away from each other.  Accurate and timely weather reports are essential to Aroostook County, the largest county in Maine, for two reasons: one involving public safety, the other an economic concern.  Mr. President, northern Maine experiences more than its fair share of severe weather, including blizzards in the winter months. Many of my colleagues have probably heard weather reports in which my hometown of Caribou has recorded the lowest temperature in the Continental United States. Accurate and timely weather reports are essential for public safety.  The second reason for upgrading the Weather Service Office centers on the nature of the economy in the county. Natural resource-based industries such as agriculture, logging, and tourism are the mainstay of the county's economy. Our potato farmers, for example, must have quality weather forecasts and reports in order to know best when to plant and harvest their crops.  For these public safety and economic reasons, I am convinced that upgrading the Weather Service Office in Caribou is a necessary action for the National Weather Service to undertake, and I hope that the Appropriations Committee will act favorably on upcoming funding requests.  Mr. President, I yield the floor so that my distinguished New England neighbor and colleague, Senator Gregg, may respond to my concerns.  