President, I rise to urge my colleagues to seize this opportunity to make much-needed changes in our campaign finance laws by supporting the modified version of the McCain-Feingold legislation. I am pleased, Mr. President, to be a cosponsor of this landmark bill.  Shortly after becoming President of the United States, one of our former Presidents was asked what his biggest surprise was on assuming office. Without hesitation, he said it was his discovery that things were actually as bad as he had been saying they were during the campaign.  Mr. President, during my Senate campaign, I told the people of Maine that our Nation's campaign finance system is broken. Since my election, I have spent a great deal of my time questioning witnesses at the hearings held by the Governmental Affairs Committee. Unlike the former President, what I have discovered is not that things are as bad as I had been saying they were; it is that they are much worse.  The twin loopholes of soft money and bogus issue ads have virtually obliterated our campaign finance laws, leaving us with little more than a pile of legal rubble. We supposedly have restrictions on how much individuals can give to political parties; yet, Yogesh Gandhi is able to contribute $325,000 to the DNC to buy a picture with the President, and Roger Tamraz mockingly tells a committee of the U.S. Senate that next time he will spend $600,000, rather than $300,000, to buy access to the White House. We supposedly prohibit corporations and unions from spending money on political campaigns; yet, the AFL-CIO spends $800,000 in Maine on so-called issue ads which anyone with an ounce of common sense recognized were designed to defeat a candidate for Congress.  We in this body decry legal loopholes, but we have reserved the largest ones for ourselves. Indeed, these loopholes are more like black holes, and that sucking sound you hear during election years is the whoosh of six-figure soft money donations rushing into party coffers.  Why should this matter, we are asked by those all too eager to equate freedom of speech with freedom to spend? It should matter because political equality is the essence of democracy, and an electoral system driven by big money is one lacking in political equality.  Mr. President, this is an issue of great concern to the people of my home State. While there are differences in Maine on how the system should be reformed--I, for one, do not believe that meaningful change requires that we make taxpayers underwrite campaigns--there does seem to be a stronger consensus in Maine than elsewhere on the need for reform.  If my colleagues will indulge me a bit of home State pride, I think the Maine perspective results from old fashioned Down East common sense. Maine people are able to see through the complexities of this debate. They focus on what is at heart a very simple and yet very profound problem. As long as we allow unlimited contributions--whether in the form of hard or soft money--we will not have political equality in this country.  It is not simply the lack of a level playing field for those seeking public office. What is more important is the lack of a level playing field for those seeking access to their government.  It strikes me that the Maine attitude may be shaped by the fact that many communities in my State still hold town meetings. I am not talking about the staged, televised town meeting which has become so fashionable of late. I am talking about a rough and tumble meeting held in the town office or the high school gym or the grange hall. Attend one of these sessions and you will observe an element of true democracy: People with more money do not get to speak longer and louder than people with less money. What is true at Maine town meetings is unfortunately not true in Washington.  Mr. President, let me address a very disquieting aspect of the debate on the McCain-Feingold bill; namely, the misinformation that is being spread about what the bill would do. In that connection, I would emphasize that McCain-Feingold does not bar issue advocacy. I will say that again because the legislation's opponents persist in misstating this point--McCain-Feingold does not, and I emphasize not, bar issue advocacy.  To explain this aspect of the bill in more detail, and to share with my colleagues an experience that contributed to my becoming a cosponsor, I need to go back to the 1996 race for Maine's First Congressional District in the House of Representatives. In the course of that election, the AFL-CIO spent $800,000 to defeat the Republican candidate. They did this by running a steady barrage of blatantly negative ads.  Now why am I protesting a national union, using money from its general treasury to run a saturation campaign of negative ads that may well have decided a Maine congressional race? Whatever our objection to such ads, isn't that perfectly legal? The answer is, or at least is supposed to be, no. Current law prohibits a union, as well as a corporation, from spending money, other than through a PAC, to influence an election for a Federal office.  That leads to another obvious question--if current law forbids unions from using non-PAC money to run ads to influence a Federal election, how was the AFL-CIO able to spend $800,000 to defeat a Republican congressional candidate in Maine? Mr. President, that question takes us to the heart of the problem and to the need for McCain-Feingold.  Unfortunately, some courts have interpreted ``expressly advocating'' to require that the ad use words such as ``vote for'' or ``vote against'' or ``elect'' or ``defeat.'' If the ad avoids those magic words and makes at least a passing reference to an issue, as the AFL-CIO did in Maine, those courts concluded that it does not expressly advocate the election or defeat of a candidate, and the union may run it.  Mr. President, the situation I have described has led to the biggest sham in American politics. Nobody in Maine believed that the AFL-CIO's negative ads were for any purpose other than the defeat of a candidate. Indeed, at least one newspaper which endorsed the Democratic candidate blasted the union ads against his opponent. Ads of that nature make an absolute mockery out of the prohibition against unions and corporatings spending money on Federal elections.  The ``express advocacy'' provision in McCain-Feingold is designed to do away with this sham. Contrary to what some have said, it would not affect independent ads financed other than by a union or corporation, except to enhance the reporting requirements, which everyone in this body purports to favor. It also would not stop unions and corporations from running true issue ads.  Mr. President, I would say to my colleagues that if you believe, as I do, that it continues to represent sound public policy to prohibit unions from using their vast general funds to dictate the results of Federal elections, particularly in small States like Maine, then you should support McCain-Feingold.  Mr. President, let me also take a minute to explain the bright line test for express advocacy that has been the subject of ill-informed criticism during this debate. What that test would provide is that any television ad that clearly identifies a candidate and that is run within 60 days of an election would be deemed express advocacy.  I view the bright line test as a key provision of McCain-Feingold, and I support its inclusion for two reasons. First, the courts have said that for constitutional purposes, people must clearly know what they can and cannot do, something which the bright line test gives them.  Second, and contrary to what some opponents of the bill have said, the bright line test lessens the power of the Federal Election Commission. By having a clear standard, rather than one which requires a case-by-case analysis, the regulatory agency has less discretion to determine what the law should be and when actions should be brought. Thus, those who have argued both against the test and against a greater role for the FEC are in reality arguing with themselves.  Mr. President, this subject is more complex than any of us would like, but behind the complexity is a simple proposition. Current law has given rise to the widespread practice of running bogus issue ads, and that should not be allowed to continue. Those Members of this body who support the prohibition against unions and corporations using their vast resources to dictate the results of Federal elections should vote for McCain-Feingold. Those Members who do not support the prohibition should take the honest road and work for its repeal. The one unacceptable course is to perpetuate a sham that undermines the integrity of our election laws.  I look forward to debating this issue in the days ahead.  Thank you, Mr. President.  