President, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from Arizona, which would cut funding severely for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program and increase funding for the Pell Grant Program.  There is no stronger supporter of the Pell Grant Program in the U.S. Senate than I. In fact, very shortly I will be introducing legislation to expand working students' eligibility for Pell grants. However, when faced with this amendment, I must ask the question: Are we so poor a country that some must be cold, go hungry, forgo medications so that others may learn? The answer is obvious. This amendment presents a false choice.  Maine is well known for its cold and very long winters. Many of Maine's residents, along with the citizens of other Northern States, are heavily dependent on the aid provided by LIHEAP in order to heat their homes during the cold winter months. Without the assistance of LIHEAP, 33,000 of Maine's most vulnerable and needy citizens--I am talking about elderly people, the disabled, and very low-income families--will go without adequate heat during the coming winter or will be forced to forgo medications or even food. We must not allow this to happen.  As Senator Specter and Senator Harkin have noted, 70 percent of the people receiving this home heating assistance have incomes under $8,000 a year. We are talking about people who are very needy. This bill's funding for LIHEAP is not excessive. In fact, it's approximately the amount that was spent last year, and that amount was not adequate to serve all of the people needing assistance. Last year this program provided 33,000 Mainers with an average subsidy of $308. That is only enough to buy a couple of tanks of heating oil. For many, this small amount of help is, however, the difference between being in a comfortably heated home and freezing.  This is not an excessive expenditure. Failure to appropriate at least this amount will only result in a call for emergency funding later this year, an event that has occurred in each of the past 4 years. I agree with the able and distinguished Senator from Arizona that funding for Pell grants should be increased, but I cannot support a reduction in LIHEAP as a means of accomplishing this.  A recent editorial from the Portland Press Herald in my State put it well when it stated:       The idea of LIHEAP may seem frivolous to lawmakers from      warm, southern States. However, the subsidy remains essential      to residents in colder climates. That's especially true now      when welfare cuts and a rising cost of living have pushed so      many poor families so much closer to the edge. Asking low-     income and elderly Mainers to choose between filling their      fuel tanks or their cupboards is not fair.  I conclude my remarks by stating that asking the U.S. Senate to choose between LIHEAP and Pell grants is also not fair. It is a false choice and I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment offered by the distinguished Senator from Arizona.  I yield the floor.  