President, I rise today in support of the Transportation appropriations bill and to engage in a colloquy with the distinguished chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee, Senator Shelby, about the ability of the State of Maine to use funding from this legislation to conduct a National Environmental Protection Act study for improving the travel corridor from Houlton to Fort Kent, ME.  Under S. 1048, as approved by the Senate Appropriations Committee, the State of Maine is expected to receive a much-needed increase of almost $17 million for vital highway programs. This will bring the total for the next fiscal year to approximately $105 million. This additional funding--the $17 million--will enable the Maine Department of Transportation to fund a number of high-priority transportation projects, including the NEPA study, which will help my State tremendously.  I want to commend both the chairman and the ranking minority member of the subcommittee for their hard work and leadership in ensuring that significant transportation funding increases are available, at a time when setting priorities for scarce tax dollars has never been more challenging. For large rural States like my home State of Maine, the funding in this legislation provides the money necessary to build, repair, maintain, and improve our roads, which are absolutely essential to expanding our economy and to providing our citizens with better job opportunities into the 21st century.  In fact, in Maine, studies have shown that approximately 80 percent of all economic development has occurred within 10 miles of our interstate highway. Consequently, it is not surprising that economic activity in central and northern Aroostook County, where I am from, which is not served by the Interstate Highway System, has lagged far behind those areas of the State with access to the four-lane interstate.  Earlier this year, the State of Maine completed an initial feasibility study that evaluated several different options for improving the travel corridor between Houlton and Fort Kent, a distance of roughly 125 miles. The initial study was funded by Congress with an appropriation of $800,000 about 3 years ago.  Now, the State is prepared to take the next step in this process, which is to conduct a NEPA study on the various options. This study will, among other things, analyze the traffic demand for preliminary design engineering, assess the noise and air quality impact, develop and review alternatives within the corridor, update the construction cost analysis, and prepare an environmental impact statement.  The need for this funding, Mr. President, is crystal clear. Upgrading the transportation infrastructure in Aroostook County, the largest county in my State, is essential to strengthening its economy. For example, in order to compete effectively, Aroostook County potato farmers and lumber industries need to improve their ability to transport goods efficiently from northern Maine to their markets.  Upgrading the transportation system will also spur new economic development and business investment. The tourism industry, particularly snowmobiling, has absolutely exploded in recent years. But if it is to continue to grow, this promising industry needs an improved road system to bring more snowmobilers to Aroostook County.  Similarly, the people of Aroostook County are moving forward in their efforts to redevelop the site of the former Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, ME. An enhanced highway system is absolutely vital to their ability to attract new economic investment that can best utilize the base's outstanding facilities and help to replace the thousands of jobs that were lost when the base closed.  Proceeding with this additional study at this time will help us determine how best to improve the travel corridor, and it ultimately will make it easier for northern Maine to compete for new business investments, to findnew market opportunities for agricultural, manufactured, and timber-related products, and to produce increased tourism opportunities, as well.  I just want to take this opportunity to confirm with the chairman of the subcommittee my understanding that the State of Maine, which has included this project as part of its 20-year statewide transportation plan, can use a portion of the roughly $17 million in higher Federal highway funding from this legislation to pursue and conduct the NEPA study.  Mr. President, at this point, I will yield the floor to the chairman of the subcommittee so that he may respond to my inquiry.  