President, I rise today with a tremendous sense of pride and great pleasure to inform my colleagues that a citizen of the great State of Maine has been elected national commander of the American Legion.  As many in this Chamber are aware, the American Legion recently held its 79th national convention in Orlando, FL. At the conclusion of that convention, a Maine legionnaire, Anthony Jordan, of Augusta, was elected national commander.  To be selected by your peers to such a prestigious post is a significant accomplishment. For his home State, for his family, for his American Legion post in Wiscasset, ME, and for the thousands of Maine veterans it is a singular honor.  Mr. President, the American Legion chose wisely when it selected Mr. Jordan to lead this organization for the next year. Let me just tell you a bit about Mr. Jordan's background.  Tony Jordan served in the U.S. Army from 1963 to 1965. He joined the American Legion, our Nation's largest veterans organization, in 1971. Mr. Jordan demonstrated an unusual level of personal commitment and leadership in making his commitment to the work of the American Legion, both at the State and the national level.  For example, he served as post commander in Wiscasset and as vice commander of the American Legion Department of Maine. He also served as chairman of the Legion's national membership and post activities committee. He chaired the Foreign Relations Council and the National Security Commission.  In addition, Mr. Jordan also contributed to the Legion as a member of the National Legislative Commission and as liaison to the National Finance Commission.  Finance, foreign relations, national security--that is an impressive and diverse range of committee appointments that make him well qualified to head the American Legion. But the Legion also knew that, when it asked Tony Jordan to take charge, this was an important time for the American Legion and for America's veterans.  Tony Jordan has expressed strong personal sentiments in favor of the constitutional amendment to protect the American flag. Our flag is the symbol for everything for which our Nation stands. Mr. Jordan is standing with those who believe in the integrity of the flag and what it represents--freedom and justice, ideals for which our Nation's veterans risk and, in some cases, gave their lives.  Mr. Jordan is also outspoken in his support of a GI bill of health, the American Legion's response to the challenges being faced by the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans across this country as they seek to fulfill the promise we made to ensure that our veterans have access to quality health care.  These are only a few examples, Mr. President, of what Mr. Jordan has done on behalf of his country and its largest veterans organization. I know my colleagues will agree that the American Legion chose wisely and well when it elected Anthony Jordan of Augusta, ME, as its national commander. I wish him well in the challenging year ahead.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  