President, I rise to say a few words in honor of one of our Nation's most legendary Senators and one of Maine's most beloved public figures: Senator Margaret Chase Smith.  December 14 marks the 100th anniversary of Senator Smith's birth. Since we will not be in session on the 14th, I would like to take the opportunity to speak in honor of her centennial today.  Margaret Chase Smith has the distinction of being the first woman elected in her own right to both the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. She served in the Senate from 1949 to 1972--the entire time that I was growing up in Maine. Throughout her tenure in Congress, she served as a great source of pride and inspiration for countless people throughout Maine and the Nation.  Mr. President, I am one of those fortunate people whose life was touched personally by Senator Margaret Chase Smith. So it is with a great deal of gratitude and admiration that I speak about her legacy today in celebration of her centennial.  Mr. President, when I was just 18 years old, a high school senior from Caribou, ME, Senator Margaret Chase Smith encouraged me to pursue a career in public service. Now I serve in the U.S. Senate, holding her very seat. Her example of moderation, independence and integrity continues to guide me every day as I seek to represent the people of Maine.  Walking through the Halls of the Senate, I am frequently reminded of my first significant encounter with Senator Smith.  In January 1971, I left my hometown of Caribou, ME, to spend a week here in Washington, DC. I was one of 100 high school students from around the Nation participating in the U.S. Senate Youth Program. The program consisted of VIP tours of Washington, formal dinners, and numerous high-profile speakers ranging from Supreme Court Justices to top White House officials. The highlight of my week, however, was the afternoon that we visited our respective Senators.  When I arrived at Senator Smith's office, I was immediately ushered into her personal suite. Her office was bustling with activity, and yet it had a stately and serene quality. Senator Smith looked perfectly at home in the setting as the only woman in the Senate. Her green office suited her well and, of course, reminded me of the State of Maine. She shook my hand and invited me to sit down, and seemed genuinely interested in what I had to say.  Much to my amazement, Mr. President, instead of just quickly posing with me for a picture, Senator Smith spent nearly 2 hours talking to me about her years in Congress. She stressed the importance of public service and the difference that one person could make. We talked about her opposition to McCarthyism and the necessity of standing tall for one's principles no matter what the cost.  As I was leaving, she handed me a copy of her famous ``Declaration of Conscience'' speech to take with me. I was struck by her presence and I knew that she was a woman of enormous strength and integrity. I was so proud that she was my Senator.  As I bid her farewell, I could not keep the smile from stretching across my face nor the dreams from racing through my mind. To me, Senator Smith was living proof that women, even those of us from small rural towns in Maine, could accomplish anything upon which we set our sights.  I have since learned that my early impressions of Senator Smith are shared by thousands of others throughout our State and throughout the Nation whose lives she touched. But we in Maine are particularly fortunate to have had her as a role model and as our Senator.  As one Congresswoman recently said to me, ``You know, it was much harder for women to get elected in my State because we didn't have Margaret Chase Smith.''  Senator Smith's 32 years of leadership epitomized the type of thoughtful, independent representation that sets a standard for public service.  As I campaigned throughout Maine for the Senate last year, it was apparent to me that the name ``Margaret Chase Smith'' strikes a resounding chord with the citizens of my State. From Kittery to Calais to Fort Kent, people recognize and honor her name and her legacy as synonymous with thoughtful, independent, and honest representation. This above all else, Mr. President, is the legacy of Senator Smith and the tradition which those of us who are honored to follow in her footsteps strive to uphold.  While Senator Smith served as an inspiration to me as a young girl and as a beacon of strength during my two statewide campaigns, it was not until I began my service in the Senate that I fully understood her legacy and the extraordinary courage she exhibited throughout her years in Congress.  Margaret Chase Smith is perhaps best remembered for her principled and unabashed stance against Senator Joe McCarthy. Because the courageous stand that she took against McCarthyism is so familiar to all of us today--it seems to be so obviously the right thing to do--we sometimes forget and underestimate the risks that she took and the hardships she endured in this fight. From my new perspective as a U.S. Senator, I must say that the courage that Senator Smith showed during the McCarthy era is truly remarkable.  Over the course of the past several months, I have had many occasions to reflect upon another of Senator Smith's principled positions.  As a member of the Governmental Affairs Committee, I have been involved in investigating the fundraising abuses of the 1996 Presidential election campaigns. These hearings have examined some of the most deplorable and certainly most excessive fundraising practices in our Nation's history, such as operating the Lincoln Bedroom like a hotel, phony issue ads, fundraising coffees in the Oval Office and soft money contributions of staggering sums and questionable origins.  In the 24 years since Senator Smith left office, fundraising has become an all-consuming and self-propelling institution. It is difficult for those of us who are in office today to remember that Senator Smith waged so many successful political campaigns without soliciting a single contribution. How we envy her. She believed that big money had the potential to be a corrupting influence in the system, and she has certainly been proven right.  Throughout this past year--my first in the Senate--I have been reminded of one of Senator Margaret Chase Smith's most famous statements time and again. She once said that there is a ``difference between the principle ofcompromise and the compromise of principle.'' This sentiment has guided me through many tough negotiations and heated debates where it is sometimes difficult to know when it is best to be stalwart for the sake of principle and when it is time to seek common ground in the name of action.  Compromising one's principles is wrong; but the principle of compromise, on the other hand, is the essence of a healthy democracy. Senator Smith's wisdom has helped me many times in reaching decisions on thorny issues.  Mr. President, 25 years after my first encounter with Senator Smith, I fulfilled the dream that she fostered in me back in 1971, and was elected to her seat in the U.S. Senate. Just as Senator Smith was the first woman elected in her own right to both the House of Representatives and the Senate, upon my election, Maine became the first State in the Nation to be represented and to elect two Republican women Senators.  This distinction is a fitting tribute and testament to the legacy of Margaret Chase Smith. If not for her 32 years of congressional service, many doors to and within the Capitol might still be closed to women today.  In all of history, Mr. President, there have only been 15 women elected to the U.S. Senate in their own right, and 3 of us have been from the great State of Maine.  Thanks to Senator Smith's decades of selfless service, principled leadership and pioneering efforts, the people of Maine know that leadership is not about gender; it is about decency and tenacity and service and integrity. Margaret Chase Smith embodied all of these traits, and so much more.  Today, I honor her for paving the way for me, and countless others, and for establishing the thoughtful and independent approach to public service that Mainers have come to expect from their elected officials.  I thank the Chair. And I also thank the Chair for presiding for me so that I could pay tribute on the 100th anniversary of the great Senator from Maine, Margaret Chase Smith.  I yield the floor.  