President, first let me say that I applaud the leadership and the determination of Senator Leahy and Senator Hagel to bring this very important issue of landmine deployment before the Senate. We speak today on behalf of people around the world whose lives are imperiled by deadly explosive devices each day as they till their fields, care for their livestock, or, most tragically of all, walk to school. Antipersonnel landmines have been sown in the Earth in such numbers and spread so broadly and indiscriminately over the planet that they have become a very serious health and safety problem for civilians. According to the International Red Cross, landmines kill or maim someone, often children, every 22 minutes. There are an estimated 100 million mines scattered throughout 68 nations. These weapons of terror inflict injury to little children, to farmers, and to our own service men and women serving the cause of peace far from home. Thus far, in Bosnia, landmines have injured more than 250 soldiers under United Nations or NATO command, and they have killed 29 peacekeepers. In fact, landmines are responsible for every single death of American troops in the Balkans.  I have cosponsored the Leahy-Hagel legislation because it is the right thing to do. Passing this legislation would be an act of moral leadership for this country. Although our attention may be focused on our own American men and women put in harm's way as international peacekeepers, the extent of the global epidemic of injury inflicted by these devices is truly astounding and tragic. Each month, 800 people are killed and 1,200 others are maimed by small mines whose triggers cannot tell the difference between the foot of a child and the foot of a soldier. As a Maine newspaper, the Kennebec Journal, pointed out in an editorial this weekend, the landmine is one of the most insidious and pernicious weapons ever created by man.  Across the globe, especially in Third World countries, landmines placed during long-forgotten conflicts, some as much as a half-century ago, continue to menace civilian populations. Senator Leahy's bill would draw the line on the deployment of these weapons. This bill will help save the lives and limbs of American peacekeepers as well as of many innocent children in countries around the world.  I yield the remainder of my time.  