President, it is with great pride that I rise to address my colleagues for the first time from the floor of the U.S. Senate, the world's greatest deliberative body. I am honored to be standing where once stood Senator Margaret Chase Smith, who was such an inspiration to me as a young girl growing up in Caribou, ME.  In all of history, only 26 women have served in the Senate, only 15 of us elected in our own right. I am especially proud that my home State is the first to send two Republican women to serve in the Senate at the same time. And I am very pleased to be sharing that honor with my colleague, Senator Olympia Snowe.  During my youth, the people of Maine were fortunate to have an inspiring example of a woman who stood tall for her principles and for her State. As a Senator from 1949 to 1972, Margaret Chase Smith taught us that women could reach the highest levels of government and that hard work, common sense, and integrity are rewarded.  Equally important, Senator Smith taught us how to govern. She recognized it is only through civil discourse and a spirit of cooperation that the people's business gets done. And she showed us all, through her deeds as well as her words, that there is a difference between the principle of compromise and the compromise of principle. Compromising one's principles is wrong. Compromising on how to achieve those principles is the essence of a healthy democracy.  Each of us is called to serve, and the different ways in which we are called form the fabric of this great Nation. Some are called to heal and become doctors and nurses. Others are called to impart wisdom to the next generation and become teachers. Others are called to work in the businesses, large and small, that provide the products and services that enrich our daily lives. Still others are called to be the entrepreneurs who create the jobs that keep this country at the forefront of the world's economy.  With a father, grandfather, great-grandfather, and great-great-grandfather who all served in the Maine Legislature, I heard the call to public service at an early age. And that call was not limited to the men in my family, as my mother served as head of the local school board, as mayor of Caribou, and as the chair of the board of trustees of Maine's State university system. With my family background, no greater honor could be bestowed upon me than to represent the people of Maine in the U.S. Senate.  In undertaking my duties as Senator, Mr. President, I come to Washington not as an enemy of government but as one committed to improving it. We need a vigorous debate in this country about the role of government, a reassessment of what it can and cannot do. There are some problems that only the Federal Government has the resources and the authority to address, but many times the answers are found not in Washington but in our neighborhoods, our communities, our States, and ultimately in ourselves.  If there is one change in government on which we should all be able to agree, it is that we need to start to be more forthright with the American people about the difficult challenges facing us. A well-known Maine business sells hunting boots, and if you buy a pair of them you can be confident they will withstand the test of time. Take them apart and you will understand why. They contain no bells or whistles. If our Federal budget were as honestly constructed as a pair of Maine boots, future taxpayers could sleep as well as Maine woodsmen.  In assessing the role of government, we must never forget that the great advances we have made over the years can ultimately be traced to the energy and creativity of our citizens. Indeed, perhaps the most profound change in political thought around the globe during the past two decades has been the recognition that there is usually a correlation between less government and more progress.  Government must foster the energy and creativity of our private sector. As Winston Churchill once said, ``Some see private enterprise as a predatory target to be shot, others as a cow to be milked, but few see it as a sturdy horse pulling the wagon.'' I do see private enterprise as that sturdy horse, and in that wagon which it is pulling are the jobs that are so critical to all of our constituents.  Wherever I travel in Maine, the primary concern of the people is jobs. In the past, they were worried about whether jobs would be there for their children and their grandchildren. Today, they are worried about their own jobs as well--some about getting jobs and many more about keeping the ones that they have. We live in the midst of an exciting and dynamic technological revolution, but it is accompanied by widespread anxiety about our futures. One need only visit with former mill workers in Millinocket or Biddeford, ME, to understand that fear.  To respond to the concerns of our citizens, Government policies must promote job creation and retention, and the starting point is small business. In my State, it is the 30,000 small businesses that provide most of the new employment opportunities, and it is small businesses that will account for two-thirds of the new jobs in the next decade.  Even though small businesses provide the spark that ignites many of the new ideas that benefit us all, Government policies often serve to inhibit rather than foster these enterprises. A glaring example is the onerous estate tax that deters families from passing on a successful business from one generation to the next. An owner of such a business in Maine once told me that he made the painful decision to sell his family business to a large out-of-State corporation rather than leave it to his children and force them to assume a large debt to pay the Federal estate tax. He was forced to abandon what he and his father before him had spent their lives building. Making matters worse, the new corporate owner consolidated its administrative operations out of State, costing Maine more than 50 good jobs. That is wrong. That is the kind of policy we must change.  If excessive taxes cause the downfall of some enterprises, others are done in by unreasonable regulations. This occurred in Lubec, ME, located in one of the most beautiful but also one of the poorest parts of my State. During my Senate campaign, I toured the empty shell of the McCurdy Fish Co., a family owned business that had operated in Lubec for more than 90 years, providing 20 good, much-needed jobs to this area. It was closed down by new Federal regulations with which it simply could not afford to comply. Adding insult to injury, just across the border the company's Canadian competitor continued processing fish in the same manner as had the Lubec company and exported its product into the United States, free from these expensive regulations.  Mr. President, another essential step to promoting an economic climate that creates jobs is balancing the Federal budget. It has been estimated that a balanced budget would reduce interest rates by more than 1 percent, a strong stimulus for growth and employment.  To ensure long-term prosperity, we must learn to live within our means. Not since 1969 has this Nation seen a balanced budget. More than 25 years of skyrocketing spending and an unwillingness to make sacrifices have ballooned our debt to more than $5.2 trillion. We must act now or leave a legacy of crushing debt to the next generation. At the rate we are going, we may cross that bridge to the 21st century, only to arrive in a land of unkept promises and unpaid bills.  To avoid this fate, one of my top priorities will be to pass a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. History shows that it will take a constitutional requirement for Congress to embrace fiscal responsibility as a permanent obligation rather than as a passing fad.  Fiscal responsibility also means Medicare and Social Security must be placed on a sound financial footing. Only through effective action on these fronts will we be able to keep our promises to our seniors without bankrupting our children.  A third key to jobs is quality education. The fruits of the new age in which we live will be shared by most of our citizens only if the doors of opportunity are open wide. Contrary to what some would have you believe, we do not face a choice between the greed of a few and the well-being of the many. Rather, we need policies that will ensure that when an entrepreneur drops the stone of innovation into the technological pool, the benefits ripple throughout society. Government cannot and should not assure equality of outcomes. But without equality of opportunity, the American dream is unfairly denied.  The reality of today's workplace is that 85 percent of the new jobs will require some sort of post-secondary education, whether that be a community college, a technical or vocational education, or a bachelor's degree and beyond. We must do what we can to open the doors to a post-secondary education for anyone who wants it, and to ensure that cost is not the barrier that separates those who pursue higher education from those who do not. Increasingly, we are finding that the growing gap between the rich and the poor in this Nation is an education gap.  A final element in achieving broad-based participation in the new American-led industrial and technological revolution is fair trade. The primary victims of unfair trading practices are workers, particularly those with the fewest skills and the least education. Let me be clear: I am a strong advocate of free trade, but we cannot sustain majority support for that policy unless we take a strong stand against unfair practices.  While mine is a message of jobs and opportunity, I know that there are those who, through no fault of their own, are unable to get by without help from their government. Hubert Humphrey once said, ``the moral test of a government is how * * * [it] * * * treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life--the sick, the needy and the handicapped.'' As we go about the difficult task of balancing the budget, of choosing among many worthwhile programs, we must take care not to leave behind those who truly need our help.  Those are the principles upon which my vision of the future of America is based. And I bring one other principleto this body, one which will guide me more than any other as I embark upon this exciting journey, and that is a steadfast commitment to the people of Maine. Whether it is fighting for Maine's fair share of Federal contracts, urging a business to expand and create jobs in our State, or helping a constituent navigate the bureaucratic maze in order to receive veterans' benefits, it will be service to the people of my State that will be my highest priority as Maine's newest Senator.  Just 1 year ago, I stood in Bangor, ME, with my family and my friends at my side, and announced my intention to seek a seat in the U.S. Senate. I told the people of Maine then that I would represent them with dignity and determination, with energy and enthusiasm. My approach will be simple and straightforward: I will listen to all points of view, I will engage in constructive dialog with my colleagues, I will compromise when compromise is warranted, but, after all is said and done, I will fight for those changes that will make the Federal Government better able to serve the people of Maine.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  