President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of the sense-of-the-Senate resolution offered by my colleague from Florida, calling for a doubling of our investment in biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health over the next 5 years. Now, some may question why we are calling for such a significant increase in spending as part of a balanced budget agreement. However, I believe that our sense-of-the-Senate resolution is entirely consistent with the goal of a balanced budget, because there is no investment that would yield greater returns for the American taxpayer than an investment in biomedical research.  Our nation currently spends billions of dollars each year, both directly and indirectly, to treat and care for chronic diseases. For example, cardiovascular disease costs us $138 billion each year. Alzheimer's disease costs about $100 billion each year, primarily in nursing home and other long-term care costs. Strokes result in health care costs of almost $30 billion annually. And Parkinson's disease costs our society about $6 billion annually. We basically have two choices. We can sit back and continue to pay the bills and endure the suffering, or we can aggressively pursue a national strategy aimed at preventing, delaying, and even curing these devastating and debilitating diseases and conditions.  While we are spending billions of dollars each year on patient care, as the Senator from California has pointed out, only 3 cents--3 cents of each health care dollar are currently invested in medical research. Opportunities for progress in biomedical and related health science research have never been better, but currently, we are only funding a fraction of the promising grant applications submitted to NIH. Moreover, not only are the investments in research disproportionately low compared to the cost of patient care, but the potential of research to reduce health care costs is vastly under realized.  The work of Dr. Jonas Salk and his colleagues to produce a vaccine for polio serves as a dramatic example of research as a high-yield investment. The lifetime costs of maintaining just two children stricken with polio is greater than all of the money --all of the money--ever spent on the research that virtually eliminated the disease.  The potential for achieving even greater savings from health care research is enormous. For example, the Alliance for Aging Research has estimated that a 5-year delay in the onset of Alzheimer's disease could cut health care spending by much as $50 billion annually and that a 5-year delay in the onset of stroke could save our Nation $15 billion a year.  This is no time to put the brakes on research spending. Rather, we should accelerate our efforts and increase our commitment to medical research that can cure, prevent or delay disease. This strategy is especially important as we move into the next century when our public health and disability programs will be increasingly strained by the aging of our population.  Finally, the cost of disease and disability cannot be measured in dollars alone. Only those who have had to care for a father or a husband whose quality of life has been cut short by a stroke can appreciate how devastating it can be. Or think of the family whose mother or grandmother no longer recognizes her own children or grandchildren because of Alzheimer's disease.  These diseases take their toll emotionally as well as financially. They can dramatically and irretrievably alter the lives of the affected individuals and their families, as Senator Mack has so eloquently testified. Therefore, I am very pleased to be joining Senator Mack in offering this sense-of-the-Senate amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues to join us in passing it.  