President, as the chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, I want to take this opportunity to highlight a growing problem with securities fraud in this country--a problem which affects thousands of American families who are now investing their hard earned savings in a booming stock market. The problem involves the fraudulent manipulation of the stocks of small companies in scams which can literally wipe out investors who place their trust in unscrupulous brokers and stock promoters.  Fraud in the sale of small company stocks has been increasing at an alarming rate. In the typical case, unscrupulous brokerage firms, often operating through intermediaries, purchase large positions in a company which is worthless or of very limited value and then drive its price higher through manipulation. They do this by aggressively cold calling thousands of unsuspecting individuals, often inexperienced in investing, and persuading them to purchase the company's stock by greatly exaggerating its financial prospects. The inevitable effect of this massive sales campaign is to push the price higher, at which point the brokerage firm dumps its shares, leaving the public holding investments which rapidly become worthless.  According to published reports and court proceedings, these schemes often utilize other illegal or unethical practices, including: The dissemination of false information on which investors rely, the employment by brokerage firms of persons with criminal records, as well as the use of unlicensed individuals whose only activity is ostensibly to prospect for customers but who often participate in making sales for which they are paid under the table; and the bribing of brokers to assist in the manipulation by recommending the stock to their trusting customers.  These securities fraud schemes have been uncovered in recent prosecutions and criminal investigations. At least four grand juries around the country are investigating small-stock manipulation--what may be the financial crime of the 1990's, just as insider trading was the financial crime of the 1980's. Indeed, according to published articles, a Federal grand jury in Los Angeles has even investigated a Federal prosecutor suspected of engaging in securities fraud. And last year, an FBI sting operation in New York City resulted in the arrest of 46 individuals for this type of activity.  In recent years, the soaring stock market has attracted millions of new investors, many of them hard working families trying to save for the future or elderly Americans trying to expand their retirement savings. it is understandable that these individuals, confronted with the prospect of astronomical tuition bills for their children or escalating medical costs for themselves, fall prey to sales pitches promising high returns in what are supposed to be the glamour companies of the future.  Overall, it is estimated that one in three American households have some of their assets invested in the stock market. Most do not have the time or the resources to carefully scrutinize stock offerings to determine which ones are fraudulent, instead putting their faith in brokers, who, because they are licensed by the Government, the public believes it has reason to trust.  Mr. President, some years ago I served as the State of Maine's Commissioner of the Department of Professional and Financial Regulation, and one of the responsibilities of my department was the protection of investors in my State. While that experience taught me that America has the most dynamic and healthiest capital markets in the world, it also taught me that there is no shortage of con artists and fraudulent schemes. What was true then unfortunately appears to be true today, and regrettably, there is evidence that the problem may be more widespread.  While the vast majority of those who work in our securities industry are honest, we must be continually vigilant in safeguarding the integrity of our markets. We must remain committed to combating what appears to be a new wave of securities fraud, involving the intense marketing and subsequent manipulation of the stock offerings of small companies, many with high-tech sounding names. These offerings--when pushed by overly aggressive and fraudulent marketing pitches to average American families and the elderly--present a ripe opportunity to lull the investing public into believing the stock is about to take off. Too often, these stocks do not soar to the heavens but rather fail to the ground.  This fraud must be fought on a variety of fronts. The regulators must continue to enforce existing regulations and to watch for illegal activity. The public must be more careful in investing in the stock market. And the Congress must--and will--closely investigate this growing problem of securities fraud.  As chairman of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. Mr. President. I am concerned about this fraud in the micro-capital markets--about this manipulation of small company stocks by Wall Street bandits. The subcommittee has a long and proud tradition of investigating schemes which rip off innocent consumers and taint the reputations of those who play by the rules. This investigative tradition will continue under my leadership. With more and more Americans entering the stock market each year, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations will be looking closely at these matters, investigating how these stock manipulation schemes victimize American investors and how we can arrest this emerging securities fraud.  I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Governmental Affairs Committee and in the Senate to protect the public from unscrupulous operators who would prey on hard working Americans seeking to participate in the American Dream through investment in the stock market. The expanding economic opportunities presented by a booming stock market should not benefit just the most wealthy Americans, but should benefit average American families as well.  As the chairman of the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, I promise you that we will vigorously investigate those who abuse the trust of their fellow citizens seeking to invest their hard earned savings. I further pledge that we will be especially relentless in our efforts to expose schemes which exploit the elderly. During my tenure, the subcommittee will use its investigative authority to shine the light of truth on those who operate in the shadowy fringes of America's capital markets.  I thank the Senate for its attention.  I yield the floor.  