President, I rise to announce my intention to join my colleague from Arizona, Senator McCain, and vote for his motion to table the amendment offered by the distinguished majority leader to the McCain-Feingold campaign reform legislation.  This has not been an easy decision for me. I strongly support the underlying objective, if not the precise language of Senator Lott's amendment. The principle that America's working men and women should not be required to contribute their hard-earned money to advance the campaign of candidates they do not support is a compelling one. The strong opposition of big labor to this reasonable proposal demonstrates their fear that many of the rank and file union members would not agree to the use of their dues for political purposes.  But in the final analysis, my decision on this matter must be determined by considerations other than the merits of Senator Lott's amendment. The plain truth is that its adoption will kill campaign finance reform. That is not simply my judgment; it is the judgment of Senator McCain and Senator Feingold who have devoted so much time and energy to further the cause of reform.  When I ran for the U.S. Senate, I made a clear and unambiguous promise to the people of Maine. I promised that I would fight for campaign finance reform. The people of my State responded by entrusting me to represent them in this body, and whatever other loyalties that I might have, I owe my ultimate allegiance to them. I kept that promise when I cosponsored the McCain-Feingold bill, and I am keeping it now by pledging to vote against what I have concluded is, in fact, a killer amendment.  I do, however, want to say a few words to my Democratic colleagues. At the end of the day, we will not have campaign finance reform without sacrifices and courage on both sides of the aisle. If Senator Lott's amendment is not defeated, the spotlight will shift to the Democrats. So far, they have had the easy road, able to proclaim their passion for reform, knowing that it faces an uphill battle and confident that they can blame the Republicans if it does not pass.  But if their response to the Lott amendment is simply to filibuster and not to offer a reasonable compromise on the union dues issue, an already skeptical public will reach the inevitable conclusion that Democrats are not serious about reforming the system. A number of Democrats have urged me to put principle over party, and to them I say, ``Your turn may come.''  Mr. President, a fair campaign finance system is essential to a healthy democracy. While not perfect, the McCain-Feingold bill would give us a fair system. Given the commitment of the people of Maine to fair play, I am confident that my position on this issue not only is right as a matter of principle, but also reflects the values of my home State.  I want to also take this opportunity to commend Senator McCain and Senator Feingold for their unceasing efforts in this very important fight.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  