President, I rise to add my voice to those of my distinguished colleagues who have spoken in favor of a balanced budget amendment to the U.S. Constitution.  It is not surprising that with a national debt which is $5.3 trillion and still growing this debate is awash in statistics, each more staggering than the last. As someone who ran for office to fight for more opportunities and better jobs, I find the costs in those areas of our chronic failure to balance the budget to be particularly troubling.  In light of the President's call for a crusade for education, one of the more telling statistics is that last year the Federal Government spent about $240 billion to service our national debt, an amount that is almost eight times greater than the amount we spent on education. Think about that. If we had been operating the Government without debt, we could have spent nine times more on educating our children. Now, that is what I call a crusade.  Whatever the long-term benefits to the public sector from balancing the budget, they pale in comparison to the benefits to our families. The Concord Coalition has estimated that had we not run deficits for the past two decades, the average family's annual income would be $15,500 higher. Looked at prospectively, the General Accounting Office has said that we will increase per capita income by 26 percent over the next two decades if we balance our budget.  These are not partisan statistics, just as this is not a partisan issue. The numbers I have cited to demonstrate the enormous costs of our past fiscal failures can be found in a recent letter to the editor from former Democratic Senator Paul Simon, a leader in the battle for a constitutional amendment, whose 22 years of congressional service ended before the goal to which he was so deeply committed could become a reality.  The economic evidence that favors a balanced budget is overwhelming. But one legitimately may ask how I make the jump from the need for a balanced budget to the need for a constitutional amendment mandating a balanced budget. That is a political not an economic issue but the evidence is equally as overwhelming.  The simple fact is that the road to our huge national debt has been paved with good intentions. We have had the Deficit Reduction Act, the Gramm-Rudman Act, the Budget Enforcement Act, and yet we still have deficits. The old saying that ``We have met the enemy and it is us'' has never been more applicable.  As a freshman Senator, I do not sit in judgment on my predecessors and say that I would have done it differently. I know the pressures on Washington to spend money, even borrowed money. By and large, each Congress sets out to be fiscally responsible, but our national debt still grows. The truth is experience has taught us that even in good times we need the discipline of a constitutional amendment.  To those who say that this issue does not rise to the level of constitutional protection, I respectfully disagree. It is the unique genius of the U.S. Constitution that serves to protect our people and their property from the excesses of their Government. It is difficult to imagine a greater excess, at least in the realm of property, than a debt burden of more than $5 trillion. The legacy we are leaving our children and our grandchildren, many of them not yet born, is taxation without representation in its most egregious form.  As I said earlier, this is a debate in which there has been no shortage of statistics and no shortage of speeches, but buried somewhere beneath that pile of numbers and mounds of rhetoric is a very simple principle. That is that all of us, including the Congress of the United States, must be personally responsible for our actions. In the context of the budget, personal responsibility means not spending what is not ours to spend.  The 104th Congress struck a strong blow for personal responsibility in its welfare legislation. It told able-bodied welfare recipients that they could not live off the efforts of others; that they would have to earn their own way. For those who grew up in a culture of dependency, this was a harsh message. But it was the right message because responsibility for one's own actions is the core of the American effort.  I think it important that the Congress and the President not hold themselves to any less of a standard of personal responsibility. During the past quarter century, a culture of dependency has developed right here in the U.S. Congress, and it is reflected in our dependency on the money of future generations. In each of the past 27 years, we have borrowed from our children and our grandchildren to buy things for ourselves, building up an immense debt with no end in sight.  The legacy we are leaving, however, is not just financial. It is a legacy of excess, of taking advantage of those who cannot protect their own interests, of practicing not deferred gratification but, rather, deferred responsibility.  I recognize that deficits are sometimes unavoidable and that, indeed, they are sometimes critical to finance wars or to get the economy moving out of a recession. The balanced budget amendment would still permit deficit spending in the event of war, recession, or other emergency, but deficit spending today is no longer a tool carefully used by Congress and the President to respond to emergencies. Rather, it has become a permanent feature of our fiscal landscape.  Just how permanent deficit spending has become is reflected in the staggering fact that if every man, woman, and child in this Nation brought all of their currency to Washington, DC, it would not be enough to pay off our national debt. Those who argue that we do not need a constitutional amendment to solve this problem are simply ignoring our fiscal history.  I yield the floor.  