President, it is a tremendous honor to be able to cast my second vote as a U.S. Senator to confirm my friend and mentor, Senator Bill Cohen, as this Nation's Secretary of Defense.  In describing the characteristics that make Senator Cohen so well qualified for this job, it would be presumptuous and unnecessary for me to detail his expertise in defense matters to his former colleagues in the Senate. Most of you have worked closely with him on defense issues for many years, and all of you are certainly aware of the depth of his knowledge and experience in this arena. Simply put, Bill Cohen's understanding of the complexities of defense policy is unassailable.  But I do want to attest personally to Bill Cohen's integrity and character, and on that basis there is simply no one more qualified for this enormous responsibility. Bill Cohen embodies the patriotism, the thoughtfulness, the steadfastness, and the intellect that the task of overseeing our Nation's security requires. He brings to the job a fierce dedication to his principles, a level-headed ability to never make a rash or uninformed decision, and the desire to make the Nation's defense stronger while at the same time making it more effective and more efficient.  Most important of all, Bill Cohen will never put Americans troops at risk unnecessarily. In every decision involving the deployment of our men and women in uniform, he will see the faces of our troops, not just the statistics and logistics. He will bring to the Pentagon the reasoned, thoughtful approach that matters as weighty as war and peace require.  I have known Bill Cohen for more than 24 years. I first met him when he was running for Congress in 1972, seeking the seat representing Maine's Second District. He was walking more than 600 miles across the sprawling district, introducing himself to the voters. I volunteered to drive the campaign car as he criss-crossed the roads of northern Maine. I was inspired by his determination to meet the people whom he wanted to serve in Washington and by his sincere interest in their hopes and fears.  I was also impressed then, as I am now, by his commitment to public service, to doing what was best for the people he represented. Over the years, I saw countless examples of that commitment, whether he was representing the people of the Second District as a House Member, or the people of the whole State as a Senator. Now I have no doubt that he will bring the same dedication for public service to a job at the highest levels of public service, one that answers to the largest constituency of all--the Nation.  In the more than two decades since I first met Bill Cohen, he has been my inspiration, my guide, and my friend. It gives me great pride to be able to be here today to endorse his nomination. I am delighted that the President has made such an outstanding nomination for such a critical Cabinet post. This morning I testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee to urge its prompt and favorable consideration of Bill Cohen's nomination. I am pleased that the committee was able to act so quickly to bring this outstanding nomination to the Senate floor. And I know my colleagues will join me in unanimously approving Bill Cohen's nomination.  