President, I rise today to support the nomination of Charlene Barshefsky to be the next United States Trade Representative. In representing a State with a long history of trade with Canada, I have taken particular interest in President Clinton's nominee for USTR.  I have had serious concerns about this administration's lack of aggressiveness in pursuing the concerns of Maine's farmers and businesses regarding unfair trade practices by neighboring Canada. Canada is Maine's No. 1 trading partner, and Mainers value this relationship, but we want it to be a fair relationship. When evidence is found that trading practices are not fair, the United States needs to take strong and effective action.  To underscore my concern about this problem, I withheld my support for Ambassador Barshefsky until I had an opportunity to meet with her to discuss several trade issues important to the people of my State. Farmers, fishermen, and others in natural resource industries have long been concerned about unfair trade practices by the Canadian Government.  Maine potato farmers, in particular, have labored under trade practices that have threatened the very survival of some farms. Particularly troubling are apparent subsidies from the Canadian Government that allow Canadian farmers to sell their products at artificially low prices, thus enabling Canadian farmers to dump large volumes of potatoes into the American market. At the same time, there is concern that Canadians may be erecting trade barriers that make it difficult for our farmers to sell their products in Canada.  We cannot continue to tolerate Canadian trading practices that adversely affect Maine potato farmers, who have seen more than their share of hard times. However, I am encouraged by Ambassador Barshefsky's recent actions, which include asking the International Trade Commission to undertake an investigation to determine the nature and extent of Canadian potato subsidies. This is a step in the right direction and a good sign that these issues will finally get the attention they deserve. But it is only a first step. It is critical that the administration follow through and take action to assure a level playing field.  Another issue I raised with the Ambassador was the frustration of some Maine shellfish companies with newly instituted inspection fees on shellfish products exported to Canada. Maine shellfish exporters have been concerned that the Canadians are unfairly targeting their products for inspection in an attempt to make it more difficult for Maine shellfish to be shipped to Canada. On this issue I found the Ambassador to be very responsive. She has been helpful with gathering information, and I am pleased USTR officials have begun meetings with their Canadian counterparts to review these onerous fees.  Finally, I also raised the issue, which the distinguished Senator from South Carolina has talked about, and that is the issue of the U.S. tariffs on capacitors. As part of the Information Technology Agreement negotiated in Singapore last year, the administration agreed to a European proposal to eliminate the current 9 percent tariff on capacitors entering the United States. Under the agreement, the tariff would be eliminated in July of this year.  The elimination of this tariff could pose a serious hardship on several American companies, one of which is in my State of Maine. The Ambassador and I discussed this hardship, and I made the case that the industry was unaware of even the potential that this tariff could be eliminated. I asked what measures could be taken to provide some relief.  I was impressed with the Ambassador's knowledge on this issue, and I was very encouraged by a commitment she made to me to find middle ground with the Europeans that would give American manufacturers of capacitors more time to adjust to a tariff elimination.  Specifically, we talked about the possibility of having a phaseout of the tariff, rather than the abrupt elimination in July.  In closing, I would like to address the issue of the need to waive a provision passed last Congress as part of the lobbying disclosure act. This provision prohibits the appointment of any person who has represented a foreign government in a trade dispute with the United States from serving as USTR or deputy USTR. Like many of my colleagues, I was very concerned about the need to exempt someone from a law that is on the books and has been passed so recently. Since the foreign country involved is Canada, I was particularly concerned because of the contentious trading relationship that my State has had over the years with Canada on many important products. However, after addressing this issue with Ambassador Barshefsky, I learned that she was previously exempted from this provision in her capacity as deputy USTR. It, therefore, does seem reasonable to me to allow this waiver to follow her into her new duties as USTR, and I agree with the Finance Committee's unanimous recommendation to waive the law.  I am pleased to have had the opportunity to meet with Ambassador Barshefsky and her staff to discuss these important issues. They are critical issues to my constituents. I found her to be very knowledgeable and responsive. I am hopeful that her tenure as USTR will bring about renewed interest, commitment and, most of all, action on trade issues confronting the people of Maine.  I appreciate the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee yielding me time, and I yield the floor.  