President, I rise today to express my support for the amendment offered by my colleague and friend from Maine, Senator Snowe.  As many of you may know, the Maine lobster industry and many other fishing industries along the Atlantic coast have been threatened with extinction by a seriously flawed proposal from the National Marine Fisheries Service. That proposal was designed supposedly to protect the endangered right whale and other large whales from getting entangled in commercial fishing gear.  Yet few Maine lobstermen have ever seen a right whale, let alone entangled one. Records show that about 20 right whales have been sighted within 12 miles of the Maine coast in the last quarter-century, and only one has become entangled in that period--a whale that, it is critical to note, was released unharmed. Clearly, the proposed rules affect Maine in a way that is drastically disproportionate to the threat to right whales in our State.  But though entanglements in or near Maine waters are exceedingly rare, they do occur more frequently in other waters. And when an entanglement does occur, we should make certain that there is in place a system that encourages the fisherman to do all he can to help that whale. This amendment would remove a significant barrier to that, and create an environment where a fisherman is more likely to take the appropriate steps to help the entangled whale.  This amendment would simply protect a fisherman who comes across a whale entangled in fishing gear or debris, reports the entanglement, and either begins to disentangle the whale himself or stays with the whale to await help from a trained disentangling team, from being prosecuted or fined for doing so.  Currently, there is a disincentive for a fisherman to help or even report a whale that has become entangled in fishing gear: the fear of being held liable if that whale suffers a serious injury or dies as a result of the entanglement. Several large whales are among our most endangered species. It seems to me that it is in our best interest--and surely the whale's best interest--to encourage, rather than discourage, fishermen to do all they can to protect this species from being eradicated.  This amendment would provide a measure of protection for the fisherman who, through no fault of his own, comes across an entangled large whale. That fisherman could feel confident in reporting the entanglement to the appropriate officials, staying with the whale until a disentanglement team arrived, and helping in the disentanglement, all without fear of being slapped with a fine when he or she returned to shore.  We all want to protect whales, particularly right whales, and do all we can to restore this troubled species. The Snowe amendment takes a step in the right direction by specifically permitting a fisherman to report and stay with a whale that is entangled, without fear of reprisal. I am pleased to support it and I encourage my colleagues to do the same.  