President, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of the Family Friendly Workplace Act, which will permit employers to offer more flexible work schedules to their employees.  The lifestyles of today's employees do not always match the traditional 9 to 5, 5-day-a-week schedules of their parents. This legislation is intended to give families greater flexibility in order to better balance the often competing demands of work and family.  The legislation will allow private sector employers to offer more flexible work schedules to their employees by providing additional options like comptime, flextime, and biweekly schedules. The legislation doesn't change to amount of compensation--simply the form of compensation.  For instance, the legislation allows employers to give their employees the option of receiving overtime in the form of compensatory time off instead of cash wages at a rate of not less than one and one-half hours for each hour of overtime worked.  The legislation also allows employers and employees--by mutual agreement--to set up a biweekly schedule consisting of any combination of 80 hours over a 2-week period. For example, an employee could work 45 hours in week one and 35 hours in week two, which would allow them to work nine hours a day and take every other Friday off.  In response to the concerns expressed by my Democratic colleagues, I also want to emphasize that participation in these programs is strictly voluntary on the part of both the employee and the employer. No one can be forced to participate, nor can participation be a ``condition of employment.'' In fact, employers are expressly prohibited from coercing, threatening, or intimidating their employees into participating against their will, and violators face a range of sanctions.  Mr. President, for many families, time is more valuable than money, and this bill simply extends options that have been widely available--and extremely popular among employees--in the public sector to the private sector.  I have been a manager in the public sector, and I know firsthand how popular and effective these options can be. As former Representative Geraldine Ferraro said during the House debate on the bill allowing Federal agencies to offer flextime and biweekly work schedules, ``Flexible schedules have helped reduce the conflicts between work and personal needs, particularly for working women and others with household responsibilities.'' I certainly agree with former Representative Ferraro on this issue.  Finally, Mr. President, I bring to my colleagues' attention a very recent study of over 1,100 women conducted by the Princeton Survey Research. Of the mothers surveyed, 91 percent--91 percent--of those surveyed said that a flexible work schedule was important to them. In fact, the ability to work a flexible work schedule was more important to these working women than the availability of workplace child care or the ability to work part time.  Mr. President, we should listen to the women of America. We should listen to the mothers of America. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 4, the Family Friendly Workplace Act. It is prowomen, it is profamily, and it is proemployee.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  