 President, I am proud today to support the Drug Quality and Security Act because it marks an important step forward in protecting the safety and integrity of our Nation's drug supply. California has been a leader in addressing this issue and played a key role in creating a solution.  Patients deserve peace of mind when it comes to purchasing drugs. When a parent walks into a pharmacy to pick up a prescription for a sick child, she should be confident that the drugs she is picking up are safe and have not been tampered with. What is perhaps not known to many people, however, is that in today's drug supply system, there is no standard process for oversight to trace drugs through the supply chain system and make sure they were in the right hands and properly stored the whole time.  We hear occasionally about infected or counterfeit drugs. These are shocking stories. Last year, New England Compounding Center, or NECC, a compounding manufacturer from Framingham, MA, produced contaminated medicine that sickened over 750 people all across the country. I'm very sad to say that 64 people have died, needlessly, because of these contaminated drugs.  A report by the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, HELP, Committee from earlier this year found that NECC was known to produce drugs that were mislabeled, did not contain the correct dosage of active ingredients and were made using equipment that was not properly sterilized.  You might think that a story like this is rare. What we have learned is that it is not. The report by the HELP Committee found that in the 8 months immediately after the outbreak caused by NECC-manufactured drugs, 48 other compounding companies were found to be producing drugs that were either unsafe or were made in unsafe environments.  The problems do not stop with the manufacturers. People often do not realize that drugs do not usually travel directly from a manufacturer to a pharmacist. In fact, they may make many stops along the way. Manufacturers, resellers, wholesalers, distributors--these are some of the entities that can receive, resell and ship drugs before they get to the pharmacist or patient. At any time in the delivery process, there is opportunity for counterfeit drugs to enter the supply chain or real drugs to be diverted for illegitimate uses.  In 2009, for example, 129,000 vials of insulin were stolen. These vials later reappeared and were then sold to pharmacies and hospitals. We do not know who was handling these vials after they were stolen, or if they were stored under appropriate conditions--a real threat to patients.  This bill does the following:  First, it establishes a comprehensive, electronic, interoperable framework for tracing the distribution history of every individual unit that passes through the drug supply chain. The effect of this part of the bill is to establish a ``chain of custody'' or ``pedigree'' for each prescription drug dispensed to patients. Should a drug be diverted, this ``chain of custody'' will provide important information to Federal regulators when counterfeit drugs are detected in the supply chain.  Second, it clearly distinguishes the scope of what constitutes the traditional pharmacy practice of drug compounding from those, like NECC, who seek to exploit a patchwork of current Federal laws and regulations to produce large quantities of unsafe drug products under the guise of compounding.  I am proud that California has led the Nation in taking real steps to address the issue of pharmaceutical supply chain safety.  In fact, California passed a law to require more oversight of the drug supply chain in 2004. Since then, the State Board of Pharmacy and State legislators have worked together with representatives from industry to perfect the law.  This action by California has been a key influence in drafting language on the Federal level. The Board of Pharmacy has provided many hours of technical assistance and has really been a team player. I commend the hard work of Chairman Harkin, Ranking Member Alexander, and his predecessor Senator Enzi, as well as Senators Bennet and Burr and their staff who have worked tirelessly to bring this legislation to the finish line. Many stakeholders were involved in drafting this bipartisan, bicameral solution that addresses the issue of substandard manufacturing practices and drug supply chain safety.  This is a remarkable step toward improved safety of medicine that Americans rely on every day.  