  That is why section 32 of this Defense bill will allow the Department of Defense to temporarily transfer Guantanamo detainees to the United States for emergency or critical medical treatment. No one is talking about releasing these detainees into the United States. The section is about providing medical care to people in our custody.  The other Guantanamo provisions in this year's defense bill clarify and improve the existing authority to transfer detainees out of Guantanamo, to other nations, responsibly. Specifically, Section 1031 replaces a cumbersome six-part certification requirement and partial waiver regime in current law with a more sensible, factor-based standard designed to mitigate any risks, but allow transfers to foreign countries and into the U.S. for criminal prosecution.  Let me be clear about this last point: Al Qaeda terrorists should be transferred to the U.S. for prosecution in Federal criminal courts because for some of them, Federal criminal court is the only option left besides indefinite detention or release.  I regret to say this, but the military commission system at Guantanamo has failed. Although the issue is being appealed, under current law, the military commission system cannot be used to prosecute the terrorists at Gitmo for the crimes of material support and conspiracy, which are two crimes commonly charged in federal criminal court. That restriction has complicated the efforts of the military prosecutors to convict terrorists.  Don't we want the chance to bring these terrorists to justice instead of releasing them or holding them forever without charge? Wasn't the reason we passed these criminal penalties into law so that they could be used against terrorists such as those Al Qaeda members who conspired against the United States, or aided the terrorists involved in the attacks of September 11?  Now that we have been able to observe the different iterations of the military commission system over the years, it is clear that it does not provide swift justice for either the detainees or the victims who want to see these accused terrorists brought to justice. Consider the following information about the military commission system.  Military commission prosecutions have led to short sentences and zero death penalty convictions.  Three of seven individuals convicted in military commissions are already out of prison living freely in their home countries of Yemen, Australia, and Sudan. A fourth detainee who was convicted could be released from Guantanamo later this year, a fifth is serving his sentence in Canada, and a sixth now has his case on appeal.  Military Commissions at Guantanamo have cost the U.S. $600 million since 2007. That's $600 million to prosecute seven people.  By comparison, Federal criminal courts offer a more experienced and less constitutionally risky venue. There have been 533 terrorism-related convictions in Federal criminal courts since 9/11.  The President should have the option to add some of the detainees currently at Guantanamo to that conviction list. Section 1033 of this year's defense authorization bill will allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer Gitmo detainees to the U.S. for detention and trial if the Secretary of Defense determines that, No. 1, doing so is in the U.S. national security interest, and No. 2, that public safety issues have been addressed.  Allowing detainees to be brought to the U.S. and charged in Federal court will work to put an end to the delay of justice and the extreme cost of the experimental justice system at Guantanamo Bay. It is the quickest and best way to ensure detainees will answer for their terrorist crimes and serve out long prison sentences.  For those relatively few detainees who can't be tried but instead have been slated for continued detention until the end of hostilities, bringing them to the United States presents a more cost-effective and less controversial option. Facilities in the United States are up to the task. I don't believe there is any more risk of a Guantanamo detainee escaping from a maximum security facility than there is from a prisoner getting out of Supermax. It has never been done.  I know transferring Guantanamo detainees out of the facility where they have been for 10 or more years is not politically popular. These are not easy decisions, but we have to consider the alternatives.  Do we want 84 detainees who have been cleared for transfer to other countries to languish in our prison any longer? Again, ``cleared for transfer,'' doesn't mean these detainees will automatically go free. ``Cleared for transfer'' means they could still be detained by foreign governments after they are transferred.  Do we want detainees who could be prosecuted quickly and serve long prison sentences to avoid being brought to justice any longer?  Isn't it time to close Guantanamo once and for all? I believe Guantanamo is, has been, and always will be a dark spot on our history, so the sooner we get rid of it, the better.  I support the Guantanamo language included in this bill by Chairman Levin and ask my colleagues to support the Levin-McCain Amendment.  I yield the floor.  