 991, filed by my colleague, the junior Senator from South Dakota.  This amendment would eliminate $2 billion from SNAP by limiting the funds available for cost-effective nutrition education programs.  While I appreciate and share my colleague's deep commitment to deficit reduction, this amendment would do so at the expense of those who can least afford it.  It is a shortsighted amendment pennywise and pound foolish.  A $2 billion cut to this program would chip away at vital programs that combat obesity, a growing epidemic that weighs on our health care system and our economy. Estimates of the medical cost of adult obesity in the United States range from $147 billion to nearly $210 billion per year, according to the Trust for America's Health.  Cutting this program may save money in the short term, but it would cripple ongoing efforts to deliver innovative and effective nutrition education to the most vulnerable populations in our country.  And these education programs are working, Madam President.  According to a study published in the Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior, USDA's SNAP nutrition education programs contributed to a 17 percent increase in the number of California adults who ate at least five servings of fruits and vegetables each day.  The study showed that the greatest improvements in daily fruit and vegetable consumption were seen in populations with the greatest need.  There was a 91 percent increase among the poorest segment of the population, those with less than $15,000 in annual income, who consumed five or more serving of fruits and vegetables per day; a 77 percent improvement in the African American population, and a 43 percent improvement in the Latino population.  The staggering cost of obesity will continue to increase until we take significant action to improve our health and diet.  That's not to say that there's no room for reform; there certainly is.  That is why Congress passed the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act 3 years ago, a bill that made significant reforms to SNAP nutrition education programs.  Most notably, the law changed how the program is funded to make it more equitable. The formula now reflects the actual number of SNAP beneficiaries in each State.  Some would have us believe that the amendment, which mandates an across-the-board $5 cap per recipient, is fiscally responsible. I don't think that is the case. I believe this is simply an attempt to redistribute SNAP funding to States that have shown no interest in reducing obesity among SNAP beneficiaries.  Under the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act of 2010, funding for the SNAP Education Program is allotted based on two factors: a State's historical contributions to healthy eating and lifestyle programs, and the number of SNAP participants in the State.  The amendment offered by my colleague from South Dakota undoes that formula, instead allocating funds solely on a per-recipient basis.  The Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act formula was the product of a compromise.  The old formula, which allowed the Federal Government to match all State contributions to programs that encourage healthy eating and lifestyles for SNAP recipients, was not affordable.  By eliminating the unlimited match provision and replacing it with a block grant, the Healthy Hunger Free Kids Act was able to save taxpayers more than $1 billion over 10 years.  In exchange for this reduction, a new formula was created. Under the new provision, States that committed hundreds of millions of their own dollars to reduce obesity, like California and Michigan, received marginally higher obesity education funding from USDA.  And States that had not dedicated their own resources to combating obesity received a relatively smaller share of the funding.  Allowing the changes from 2010, which are just now being implemented, to take effect is the best way to effectively reform this program.  This amendment would devastate a program that helps SNAP-eligible children and families learn to stretch their food budgets, reduce hunger, make improvements to their diets and reduce obesity.  I urge my colleagues to let USDA implement the thoughtful comprehensive reforms from 2010.  