  Yes, we are already feeling dramatic changes in California.  Let me give you an example. Off our coast, the ocean has become 25 to 45 percent more acidic. It has 20 percent less oxygen, and it is nearly a full degree warmer than previous decades. All of that is according to the National Climate Assessment.  These conditions have led to harmful algal blooms, a marine heat wave from 2014 to 2016, invasive Humboldt squid, the disruption of the crab, shellfish, and fishing industry. So it is being felt.  In fact, the impact has been so great, a number of Pacific coast fishermen are now suing 30 fossil fuel companies for damages.  At the same time, the seas are rising. The longest running tidal gauge in the Western Hemisphere is at the Golden Gate Bridge, and it has been recording sea levels since 1854.  Now, as this chart shows--and this is sea level rise at the Golden Gate Bridge--the sea has risen 9 inches in that time, which the National Climate Assessment attributes mostly to thermal expansion of ocean water and the melting of glaciers and polar ice sheets. This is already threatening San Francisco's historic waterfront. The seawall is seriously deteriorating and must be upgraded to handle the stronger storms and higher tides we are already seeing and will continue to see in the future.  I just met a week or so ago with the head of the Bay Area Rapid Transit System, and that is BART II, and they are talking about increasing the number of trains in the II by some three times. One wonders what is going to happen if the seawall continues to deteriorate. The city will move. It is going to be very costly, but it will be repaired. But it is a signal of what is coming.  Last month, our city's residents approved a $425 million bond to help pay for the project of restoring the Embarcadero Seawall. As you can see, we are looking at another 2.5 to 3.5 feet of sea rise by the end of this century. If you just look at this chart, you see the amount of sea rise.  Worse, if ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica collapse into the oceans, the ``Climate Science Special Report'' last year warned that sea levels could rise as high as 8 feet by the end of this century. That is an 8-foot rise by the end of this century. That would truly be catastrophic.  Scientists are carefully studying the Greenland and Antarctica ice sheets, as the Senator from Rhode Island well knows, to understand whether we can slow or avoid their collapse into the ocean. Last year alone, we saw an iceberg larger than the size of the State of Rhode Island break off of Antarctica's Larsen C ice shelf. Events like this could give us clues into what large-scale melting may look like.  Antarctica holds 90 percent of the world's ice, and the rate of ice melting and calving increased six-fold from 1994 to 2012--a six-time increase in 10 years. It is amazing.  According to an eye-opening report from National Geographic last year, if the West Antarctic ice sheet collapses, as some researchers think may already be happening, it will eventually raise sea levels worldwide by 10 feet. This is a picture right out of National Geographic. A whole issue is devoted to this and the rifting of this huge glacier and what happens when it breaks out. That is where there are different views, of course, but some say the seas could rise as much as 10 feet.  I really suspect, between you and me and the outside world, that it is going to be some calamitous effect that shakes us up enough to do what we need to do about it. We have been very slow to respond.  National Geographic reports, as well, that 90 percent of the 674 glaciers in this area of the continent are now in retreat--90 percent of them--and calving more icebergs into the sea; that means they are splitting and breaking off, including the one that is photographed right here. A full collapse of the ice sheets in Greenland and West Antarctica would eventually raise sea levels about 35 feet, it is estimated.  I drove through the San Francisco Marina District, and I thought, Oh, my gosh, what can happen in 15, 20, 50 years--our grandchildren--and it is really startling.  But rising sea levels are far from the only problem. Wildfire and drought are already reshaping my State. The California drought from 2011 to 2016 was made worse because of climate change: higher temperatures, depleted groundwater, and reduced snowpack. Large parts of California, including the Central Valley, which produces the majority of our Nation's fruits and vegetables, had to depend on groundwater pumping that will not always be available, and the National Climate Assessment warns that global warming will reduce the rate that groundwater replenishes aquifers by 10 to 20 percent. So we have a real problem.  I want to add to that. I have been to big fires; as a matter of fact, I traveled with President Bush to a San Diego fire in a subdivision, and then, years later, I went to the Sonoma fire. It was a fire that burned so hot that the subdivision I visited, which was the Coffey subdivision--the block that had houses on all four sides was entirely burned down, and the ground had turned to sand. There wasn't a metal structure; there wasn't a brick chimney; there was nothing that was above ground.  I called one of the chiefs, the head of State fire, and I said: Tell me what is happening.  He said: The Santa Anas have reversed. The winds are blowing 40 to 60 knots. The fire outruns us, and we can't lay line.  So what happened--and the meaning, of course, is that you depend more and more on air, which means C-130s, and having to get them. Fortunately we got seven, and I went and saw that two are being repaired and adjusted to carry water. But that is what is happening, and we really have to come to terms with it.  This new, big fire, which is the largest fire California has ever had, burned down 15,000 homes, if you can believe it. This is a picture of what the area looks like. Wildfire alone has burned nearly 2 million acres now--15,000 homes. It has killed 94 people. And wildfire is the deadliest and most destructive season we have on record this year.  This picture was taken by a member of my staff in the city of Paradise, which was absolutely devastated, as you can tell--hulls of cars. I have even been to a fire that has burned so hot that you don't see any of the surrounding door metal, and you don't see any tires left.  So the terror of fire--and just as an anecdote, I read one story about an elderly couple who left their home and jumped in the pool, and he held his wife in the pool all night, and she passed away in his arms. This is the kind of thing we face in California.  Let me ask the Senator from Rhode Island this: Wildfires are a problem for more than just Western States. Haven't fires affected even Rhode Island on the other coast?  