  In 2016, more Americans died from drug overdoses than during the entire Vietnam war.  The 2017 figures are even worse. Preliminary estimates from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicate that over 71,000 individuals lost their lives to drugs. More than 5,000 of those individuals were Californians. Addiction has never had such a profound impact on our country.  On October 26, 2017, the Trump administration declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency. However, this has done little to stem the tide of overdose deaths or to effect this public health crisis that has a stronghold on our communities.  Our government can and must do more. It is not enough to declare the obvious, that this epidemic is an emergency.  As with any emergency, triage must begin immediately. That means swiftly executing and implementing whole-of-government strategy to end the devastation. That also means rapidly infusing funds to support this strategy and prevent more deaths.  The Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 does just this. It provides a roadmap for action and authorizes the necessary funds to allow the government to better triage care for those in need while simultaneously providing resources necessary to keep these drugs off the street.  This legislation recognizes that there is no one size fits all approach when it comes to effectively addressing addiction. That is why it consolidates bills that span five committees, including six from the Judiciary Committee.  The bipartisan Opioid Crisis Response Act establishes a number of new drug prevention and treatment programs. It also extends other critical agencies and programs, including the Office of National Drug Control Policy and the Drug-Free Communities, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas, and drug court programs.  Moreover, the bill provides the Justice Department with new legal authority to hold opioid manufacturers and distributors accountable if they fail to identify, report, and stop suspicious orders of opioids.  The bill also preserves legitimate access to pain medications, while allowing the Drug Enforcement Administration to consider, for the first time, factors like drug abuse and overdose deaths when setting annual production quotas for certain opioids.  The Opioid Crisis Response Act effectively balances prevention, treatment, recovery, and law enforcement.  This legislation bolsters the efforts of our public health experts, gives law enforcement and first responders the authority and resources they need to combat illicit narcotics, and will help spur the development of alternative therapies and drugs to help decrease our nation's reliance on opioids.  The fact that this bill includes proposals that were sponsored or cosponsored by more than half of the members of this body illustrates that virtually no State, no community, and no family is left untouched by addiction. It is also indicative of the fact that we must act, and we must act urgently.  We must treat this public health crisis like the emergency that it is. We must stop the devastation.  I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see that this important piece of legislation, which is supported by more than 200 organizations nationwide, is enacted into law.  Thank you.  