 Let me talk a little bit more about it.  My understanding is that for 2018, researchers expect that emissions will grow by 2.4 percent, and the United States is part of this trend, showing a 2.5-percent increase in emissions due to our oil and gas use.  So the first thing is that we need to move away from carbon, and we need to do it quickly. California is producing--you can use noncarbon electricity, and it works.  One of the things I have been really concerned about as a grandmother is, as time goes by, what is the impact? If I understand the history well, the Earth has warmed, since the Industrial Revolution, about 1 to 2 degrees. They say that if it warms another 1 to 2 degrees, it is handleable, but it will be difficult. If it warms 4 to 9 degrees, we will have the potential to destroy the planet. I think those figures, as they become more refined as time goes on, really send us the challenge.  It is hard here because--it was hard in California. Until I went home on this last break, I had never seen people on the streets with masks on. Yet there it was in San Francisco, by the Golden Gate, with the wind blowing, and the smoke was so thick in the morning that when you looked out a window, you were lucky if you could see two blocks. Those are the kinds of fires that warming encourages.  So I want to salute you for your work. You have been our leader. I think you have been terrific. I think what we really need to do is to set some standards for our government to follow as they set regulations for the future. It is going to be difficult, people won't like it, and there will be differences between us, but we should have that discussion, and we should recognize the fact that we can't keep going as we are now.  Now, California is responding. As I drove and campaigned there through many different counties and saw some of the alternatives to carbon in terms of the towers and wind and those kinds of things--you see where it is happening, but it is not happening enough, and it is not taken as seriously as it should be.  So what I want to say is that I really want to work with you. I believe the people of my State--all 40-plus million of us--want a solution that will work. I thank you, and I am delighted to be part of this small dialogue.  