 In fact, Farr told colleagues that postcards might not be as effective in kicking voters off the rolls as they had been in 1984. It is impossible, though, to square this memo with Farr's denial to the Judiciary Committee that he had any knowledge of these actions.  In addition, since that time, Mr. Farr has remained active in efforts to depress and dilute African-American voting. In several cases, Farr defended North Carolina's congressional and legislative districts that were drawn after the 2010 Census against allegations that the State legislature drew them to dilute the vote of African Americans. Farr has defended these districts before North Carolina's State courts, Federal courts, and the Supreme Court. However, in each instance, his arguments have been rejected.  In North Carolina v. Covington, a three-judge panel in the Middle District of North Carolina found that ``race was the predominant factor motivating the drawing of all challenged [state legislative] districts.''  In Harris v. McCrory, two of the three Federal judges on a panel held that the State's congressional redistricting plan violated the 14th Amendment's equal protection clause.  In 2016, Farr also defended North Carolina's restrictive voter ID law in the North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP v. McCrory. He had served as an adviser to the State legislature as it was considering that legislation. In arguing before the Fourth Circuit, Farr strongly denied that racial animus toward African Americans was the motivation for the voter ID law. The court, however, strongly disagreed. In striking down the law, the court strongly rejected Farr's arguments, noting that the law's requirements ``target African Americans with almost surgical precision.'' That is the Fourth Circuit's confirming that racial animus was part of this.  The Congressional Black Caucus Foundation expressed its strong opposition to Farr's nomination, writing that ``Farr has amassed a record that puts him at the forefront of an extended fight to disenfranchise African-American voters.''  Opposition to Farr's nomination has been compounded by the history of this particular vacancy, which has been open for a long time--actually, since 2006. President Obama nominated two highly qualified African-American women to fill the vacancy. Either would have been the first African American to serve on the court--a long-overdue milestone in a district in which more than 25 percent of the population is African American.  The first nominee, Jennifer May-Parker, served as chief of the Appellate Division at the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Eastern District of North Carolina. By that time, she had served in the U.S. Attorney's Office for 14 years. Her nomination did not move forward because she didn't receive a blue slip from the State's Republican Senator even though he had initially recommended her to the White House as a potential nominee.  The second nominee, Patricia Timmons-Goodson, served as the vice chair of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. She had previously served as an associate justice on the North Carolina Supreme Court and as an associate judge for the North Carolina Court of Appeals. Again, Republicans did not allow her nomination to move forward.  While the Republicans have undermined the blue-slip policy to confirm President Trump's judicial nominees, it is important to know that the only reason Tom Farr's nomination is under consideration today is that Republican blue slips were honored by the Democrats during the Obama administration. In short, the Republicans blocked two highly qualified African-American women from filling the vacancy in order to hold the seat open for a White nominee with a history of disenfranchising Black Americans. I am sorry to say that, but that is the way it was.  It is impossible to see how the people Tom Farr would serve in the Eastern District of North Carolina would ever believe they would be getting a fair shot in his courtroom. The Senate should reject this nominee.  I yield the floor.  