 President, on January 6, 2017, the U.S. intelligence community released a shocking report.  It stated: ``We assess with high confidence that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016, aimed at the U.S. presidential election, the consistent goals of which were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency.''  This wasn't just one intelligence agency, it was a unanimous conclusion of the entire intelligence community.  It sent shockwaves throughout our entire government. This isn't about Republicans versus Democrats, it is about a foreign President ordering an attack on our democracy.  President Putin's goal was clear: to sow division and discord and to undermine public faith in our democratic processes and the rule of law.  Almost immediately we saw concerns and calls for action from both sides of the aisle.  Bipartisan congressional investigations were initiated to figure out exactly what happened and how to prevent it from happening again.  However, despite this promising beginning, the commitment to uncover the facts and protect our country from outside attacks has devolved into an inside attack on our own democratic institutions.  Sadly, rather than serving as a unifying force, President Trump has done all he can to undermine the intelligence community's assessment.  What is worse, he has utterly failed to take strong actions against Russia--and in some cases has rewarded Russia by changing U.S. policy.  Instead of supporting a robust and independent investigation into what Russia did and who was involved, the President instead is working to halt the investigations altogether.  Unfortunately, the President hasn't been alone in these efforts.  Last week, Congressman Devin Nunes, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, pushed for the declassification of a transparently political memo written by his staff.  Here are some things we know about the memo and the process to release it: We know that the memo confirms the FBI's Russia investigation was not triggered by the dossier or by Carter Page.  In fact, the investigation started because another Trump campaign foreign policy adviser, George Papadapolous, was told in April that Russia had ``dirt'' on Clinton in the form of thousands of emails.  We also know that, while Carter Page was not the reason the Russia investigation started, the government had a reasonable belief that Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power.  We know that Congressman Nunes did not review the underlying classified documents himself.  These documents include the FISA warrant renewal applications, which must show what the government was learning about Carter Page.  Instead of reviewing these documents himself, the chairman relied solely on his staff, who may or may not have been coordinating this campaign with the White House. We don't know because Congressman Nunes refuses to answer that question.  We know that Chairman Nunes refused to allow the Department of Justice and FBI to brief all Members on the underlying documents before and after the memo's release.  We know that Congressman Nunes refused to allow Democrats to issue their own analysis of the classified documents along with his memo.  And we know that Russian social media bots assisted in the efforts to influence American public opinion concerning the memo.  The drafting and release of this partisan, misleading memo was particularly disturbing to me.  As Senator McCain stated last week, ``If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.''  Intelligence and law enforcement oversight should never be used as a political weapon.  I have served on the Senate Intelligence Committee for 17 years, and I can't recall a single instance when an intelligence report was handled in this manner or a situation where additional views were actively blocked from being released.  This has been true even with the most controversial issues like the Intelligence Committee's investigation of the Benghazi attacks or the report on the CIA's use of torture.  In both of these instances, the committee held bipartisan meetings and shared drafts of report language between the majority and minority.  For the torture report, the CIA was offered and accepted opportunities to respond and request changes. The committee revised its report where appropriate and even cited disagreements in footnotes.  Once public, the committee included additional views from Republicans on the committee. The CIA's response was made public. There was a very thorough declassification process to ensure the summary was safe to release.  In fact, even though the final report was completed in 2012, the executive summary wasn't made public until December 2014 in order to ensure the process was properly followed.  There were disagreements, but the minority party was not cut out of the process.  That is not how the Senate works, that is not how democracy works, and it is not how any congressional committee or investigation should operate.  What I have described so far was the process and political implications of the Nunes memo, but it is just one part of an extensive pattern of abuse of power.  What we are seeing is a sustained, coordinated effort to diminish, weaken, and destabilize our top law enforcement officials, and we all should take exception to that.  Both the rushed manner and the disputed contents of the Nunes memo are a case in point.  After the memo was released on Friday, House Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Adam Schiff hit the nail on the head.  He called the public release of misleading allegations against the FBI and the Justice Department ``a shameful effort to discredit these institutions, undermine the Special Counsel's ongoing investigation, and undercut congressional probes.''  He is absolutely right.  And this is just the latest in a long pattern of attempts to undercut the FBI and Justice Department.  Some of the efforts were blatant.  After FBI Director Comey refused to pledge his loyalty to the President, the President fired him, an action the President himself admitted was tied to the Russia investigation.  The President has engaged in a series of tweets attacking the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General and Deputy Director of the FBI, among others.  There have also been media reports that the President has considered firing both Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein, but many of the efforts by the President and his team weren't quite as obvious.  We have seen multiple reports that the President demanded personal loyalty from top law enforcement officials including Comey and Rosenstein.  In fact, President Trump frequently calls the Attorney General ``his'' Attorney General and refers to ``my FBI'' and ``my Department of Justice.'' In fact, they aren't his, they are American people's.  Media reports also say that President instructed White House Counsel Don McGahn to keep the Attorney General from recusing himself from the Russia investigation.  Two heads of intelligence agencies, DNI Director Dan Coats and NSC Director Michael Rogers, said they felt pressure from the President to say there was no collusion with Russia.  And it has become apparent that many of the actions taken by the White House, Congressman Nunes, and others have been coordinated with conservative media like FOX News.  Objectivity and nonpartisanship are core components of the FBI and the Justice Department. To either attempt to co-opt them or punish them for not kowtowing to the President's political whims is egregious.  Our Founding Fathers placed enormous trust in the legislative branch to serve as an effective check on the President, and it is time to do our job.  Congress needs to work alongside Special Counsel Mueller to get answers for the American people.  The Nation deserves to understand exactly what happened and who was involved, and all of us need to believe the President isn't above the law and will not be allowed to abuse his position for personal gain.  