I worked for Ronald Reagan. We have a $1.5 trillion deficit this year. The last thing that we should do is to raise taxes. The first thing that we should do is cut spending.  As many folks here know, the Republican side has been offering five different proposals every week for the last month or so, letting folks across America vote on the proposal that they think merits the most sense. This week, it was my proposal that won. That is, we are going to tell the IRS that we're not going to hire another 15,000-some IRS agents in the next couple of years to monitor health care, and we will save the taxpayers $5 billion to $10 billion--billion, as in big. That's not a bad proposal. Save the taxpayers some money by not hiring 15,000 more bureaucrats.  What are these folks going to do? They're going to make sure that every American verifies that they have health insurance. Maybe they will look at page 737 in the health care bill, which says that every business will have to file a new 1099 with the IRS for any $600 business-to-business transaction. So if you're a homebuilder and you just happen to show up at that same Chevron or Shell gas station every other week to fill up your car or your pickup and you spend more than $600 over the course of the year there, you're going to have to file a 1099.  Let's fight the deficit--not by raising taxes but by cutting spending. This proposal does that. We were denied at the Rules Committee to allow this amendment to be offered, which is why we want to defeat the previous question, offer this amendment to cut spending, and help the taxpayers across the country.  Madam Speaker, I would urge all my colleagues to support this.  Mr. McGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I find it puzzling to hear my friends on the other side of the aisle all of a sudden talk about the deficit. When Bill Clinton left office, he left the Republicans and George Bush a record surplus. There was no deficit. We were paying down the debt. They took that surplus and they turned it around and drove this economy into a ditch.  President Obama gets elected to office; he inherits the worst economy. It's just a Great Depression. My friends on the other side don't take any responsibility for that. In 1 year under President Obama, we have created more jobs in this country than George Bush did during 8 years while he was in office. The American people want us to focus on jobs and job creation.  I would just make another suggestion, since we're talking about how we protect the taxpayers. I would urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to stop apologizing for the way the Federal Government is treating BP, to stop apologizing for the fact that this administration wants British Petroleum to live up to its responsibility and pay for the cleanup of that mess in the gulf. I wish my friend on the other side of the aisle would stop trying to defend Big Oil from taking its responsibility. BP should pay for it, not the American taxpayer. If you want to do something for the American taxpayer, then demand that BP do what it is right.  With that, I reserve the balance of my time.  