 Madam Chair, first of all I want to thank the majority for working with a number of Republicans in the committee. The gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) and Mr. Waxmanand Mr. Welch worked with me on allowing home builders to be certified for the work, something that we thought was very important.  They worked with Mr. Shadegg on an amendment to make sure that tankless water heaters were included, something we know is very important in the process; and Mr. Shimkus on geothermal; three amendments that all of us on both sides of the aisle strongly supported. We welcomed that good work.  And to a degree, we also worked on clearing up one of the major objections from the start, and that was the original legislation talked about such sums, which as we calculated was going to be up to $23 billion. That objection was looked at and we were able to reduce it significantly, but it is still $6.6 billion in terms of what that cap may be over the next 2 years.  And if you look at the talking points out there, we are talking about 168,000 jobs and if you divide that by the $6.6 billion, you come out to about $39,000 a job and that is just too much.  Mr. Latta worked in good faith from the time that the full committee ended the markup a couple of weeks ago to try and get an amendment to sunset the act. The legislation would have a negative effect on the Federal budget deficit. He was led to believe that amendment might be in order. Despite the assurances of some on the committee, it appears that the Rules Committee denied that amendment. But we will have a chance. That amendment, as I understand it, will be part of our motion to recommit, and hopefully that motion to recommit with that provision will be included which is one that Mr. Latta spoke about earlier in support of that amendment.  But the real problem for many of us on our side is that this is really a duplicative program going back to the Department of Energy's stimulus funding. And after a year of that, remember that was adopted in February of 2009, after a year and the money in that stimulus bill, there were promises in fact that that was going to create 87,000 jobs. And a year later, February of this year, it looked as though only 10 percent of that 87,000 figure was recognized, or about 8,500 jobs, not the 87,000. Remember as part of the stimulus, they had to be job ready. Money had to go out the door as quickly as could be. A year later, we were still only 10 percent of the jobs that were promised, far short of that number.  Now, we have a $1.5 trillion deficit this year. A lot of us on our side think we should be taking the time to go through every program, every program in that budget to look at where we might be able to find some savings, go page by page. The taxpayers deserve no less. Enough is enough. This is a $6.6 billion new program entrusted to the Department of Energy which after a year could only deliver 10 percent of what they were promising in the stimulus bill from last year.  So our view on this side, many of us say without the Latta amendment to make sure that in fact there is not an impact on the deficit, we would ask Members to vote ``no.''  Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.  