Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 81st anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Each year, I join my House colleagues from both sides of the aisle in remembering the terrible atrocities that have been committed by Turkey against the Armenian people.  Members of Congress rise in this chamber every spring to publicly remember the genocide, but far too often these words and speeches are quickly forgotten. Far too often, people want nothing more than to forget that mankind can be so cruel. Far too often, people whisper quietly in the dark among themselves about how such a terrible thing as the Armenian genocide could never happen again.  Mr. Speaker, those people who whisper such words are wrong, terribly wrong. First, I would like to talk about how the Armenian genocide began. It began on April 24, 1915, when over 400 religious, political, and intellectual leaders of the Armenian community in Constantinople were executed by the Turkish Government. Thus began a war of ethnic genocide by the Ottoman Empire against Armenians that finally ended in 1923, when over half of the world's Armenian population--an estimated 1.5 million men, women, and children--had been killed. By the end of 1923, virtually the entire Armenian population of Anatolia and western Armenia was dead.  While it is important to remember this horrible fact of history in order to help comfort the survivors, we must also remain eternally vigilant in order to protect Armenia from new and more hostile aggressors. Even now, as we rise to commemorate the accomplishments of the Armenian people and mourn the tragedies they have suffered, Turkey and other countries are attempting to break Armenia down by maintaining a crushing and total blockade against this free nation.  For five consecutive years, Turkey and the former Soviet Republic of Azerbaijan have maintained a blockade of Armenia and Nagorno-Karabagh. The blockade has cut off the transport of food, fuel, medicine, and all other commodities. The blockade has driven over 90 percent of Armenia's population below a poverty level of $1.00 a day. As many as one-fifth of Armenia's 3.6 million people have fled the country. Because of the ongoing blockade and long winters without heat, thousands of Armenians have died from the harsh cold. These deaths are on Turkish hands, just as the deaths of 1.5 million Armenians earlier this century are on Turkish hands.  Last year, I led the fight in the House of Representatives to protect Armenia from this vicious blockade by Turkey and Azerbaijan by stripping out a provision in the fiscal year 1996 Foreign Operations appropriations bill that would have allowed the United Stated Government to provide direct cash payments to the Government of Azerbaijan before Azerbaijan had lifted its blockade of Armenia.  My amendment was approved by a voice vote, demonstrating widespread bipartisan support among House members for maintaining the strict sanctions against the Azerbaijani Government. There were over 2 hours of debate on the amendment, during which both Republicans and Democrats spoke strongly in favor of keeping prior U.S. law in place.  Although it has suffered greatly, Armenia is once again a sovereign, independent country. Its people are strong and determined to succeed. I am proud to support Armenia and the many noble ideals it represents. It is my sincere hope that the United States continues to strengthen its relationship with the nation and the people of Armenia.  Towards that end, I am extremely pleased that a strong and vibrant Armenian-American community is flourishing in northwest Indiana. In fact, my predecessor in the House of Representatives, the late Adam Benjamin, was of Armenian heritage. There are still strong ties to the Armenian homeland among Armenian-Americans. During the devastating Armenian winter of 1992-1993, Mrs. Vicki Hovanessian and her husband, Dr. Raffy Hovanessian, residents of Indiana's First Congressional district, helped to raise over $750,000 for purchases of winter rescue supplies of heating fuel and foodstuffs. In the last 12 months, alone, the Hovanessians have raised over $1,000,000 for charitable and educational purposes in Armenia and the United States. Two other Armenian families in my congressional district, Heratch and Sonya Doumanian and Ara and Rosy Yeretsian, have also contributed countless hours and resources toward charitable works in the United States and Armenia. One of the notable causes for which they have worked is the Saint Nersses Seminary in New York, which sponsors an exchange program between the United States and Armenia for new seminarians. I commend these generous families for their hard work and dedication to charitable giving.  In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues, Representatives Porter and Pallone, for organizing this special order to commemorate the 81st anniversary of the Armenian genocide. This remembrance will notonly console the survivors and their families, but it may also serve to avert future atrocities.  