Chairman, I rise today to express my strong opposition to H.R. 2391, the so-called Families Flexibility Act. This bad bill is just one more attempt by the Republican-controlled 104th Congress to weaken the rights of working men and women. I am very concerned that permitting employers to compensate hourly employees' overtime work in time off, rather than in cash, will in many workplaces, significantly reduce workers' take home wages.  I oppose this bill because it would significantly weaken labor protections for the people who can least afford to lose them, such as construction workers. It is the carpenters, electricians, pipefitters, and sheet metal workers, in my district, who during the warm spring and summer months, work all the overtime possible so they can accumulate enough money to last them through the cold winter months. They know that in December, January, and February they are going to have more time off than they want. It is this core of the work force that no longer looks at the 40-hour work week as a standard, but rather a necessity.  These are the same people who are the most likely to suffer coercive practices by their employers by being forced to accept compensatory time--which they do not want and can not afford--instead of benefiting from the premium overtime pay they have earned. In a perfect world, all businesses have the financial resources to cash out all employees at the end of every year for their unused compensatory time, as the bill would require. But this is not a perfect world. Many small contractors do not have the cash resources to even-up with their workers, and they would send them into the slow winter months without the money in their bank accounts that they and their families need to survive. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about ``pay as you go.'' A pay as you go policy is the only way companies should be able to pay their workers.  What the authors of this bill would like you to believe is that this bill offers workers more control over their working lives. What it really does is take away an individual's right to choose. Under H.R. 2391, workers do not have the ability to schedule their earned compensatory time when they need. it. In fact an employer can schedule compensatory time anytime he chooses without ever having to consult the worker. I am concerned about the steelworker in northwest Indiana, who has legitimately agreed to compensatory time and has been doubling up on shifts to earn overtime. He's going to approach his boss to request time-off at the end of the summer so he can plan some time together with his kids before they return to school in the fall.  His boss may tell him, ``Sorry, but if I gave you your earned time off when you want, it would disrupt my operations. Don't worry I'll schedule your `comp time' in October when the blast furnace shuts down for a four-week re-line job.''  That steelworker would have had that time off anyhow and his kids are already going to be back in school. Thanks a lot.  In essence, H.R. 2391 gives employers a veto over their workers' use of their own earned hours off, opening the door to abuses such as making employees work 60 hours 1 week and then 20 hours the next, with little or no notice.  Mr. Chairman, when the people back home in my district sit down each month to figure out financially how they are going to make it through the upcoming month, they take into account their expected overtime wages. Employers do not just hand out bonuses anymore. Today, you have got to earn them. I amvoting against this misguided bill because without overtime pay, many of my constituents cannot afford to send their kids to college, buy a reliable car for work, or provide themselves and their families with adequate health care. This bill guts the protections of the Fair Labor Standards Act and undermines living standards for workers. H.R. 2391 is not designed to give workers more control over their working lives. It is, instead, an attempt to snatch hard won rights out of the hands of this country's workers and deny them basic, simple needs, like respect for their hard work, a decent living wage, and a chance to provide for their families. I urge a ``no'' vote on H.R. 2391.  