Speaker, I rise today to mark the 22d anniversary of Turkey's invasion, and subsequent occupation, of Cyprus.  Having gained its independence from Great Britain in 1960, Cyprus enjoyed a proud, albeit short, period of political independence. On July 20, 1974, this independence was shattered when 6,000 Turkish troops and 40 tanksinvaded the north coast of Cyprus and proceeded to occupy nearly 40 percent of the island.  The ensuing fighting killed thousands of Cypriots and forced hundreds of thousands from their homes. Today, there are 1,619 people still missing, 5 of whom are United States citizens.  Twenty-two years after the invasion, 35,000 Turkish troops continue to occupy Cyprus in violation of international law. A barbed wire fence cuts across the island, separating families from their property and splitting this once beautiful country in half.  Despite efforts by the United States and the United Nations to bring about an acceptable resolution to this situation, Turkey continues to stonewall negotiations. It has continuously refused to either return or pay restitution for any of the land that is captured, and sporadic fighting on the island continues to this day.  The occupation of Cyprus is one of the reasons that I offered an amendment to the fiscal year 1997 Foreign Operations appropriations bill to cut $25 million in United States economic aid to Turkey. This amendment, which the House overwhelmingly approved by a vote of 301 to 118, sends a clear message to Turkey that its illegal and immoral occupation of Cyprus will not be tolerated by this country.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join with my colleagues in standing up against Turkish tyranny in Cyprus. I would especially like to extend my thanks to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, for his tireless work to ensure that the people of Cyprus are not forgotten. Twenty-two years is a long time to wait, but it is my sincerest hope that our actions will help persuade Turkey to end its unlawful occupation of Cyprus and return the island to its rightful owners.  