Chairman, I believe that this will be the close of the debate. We just wanted to respond to a couple of the points that were made today. There was a debate here earlier today on the House floor about how far back in time we should go to resolve the issue before us. I would suggest last year, 1995, represents the year in which we adopted the Humanitarian Aid Corridor Act which does have an impact on Turkey. There is an existing blockade. We have to go back but one year.  There was a suggestion that there is in fact no blockade, that there is suitcase trading going on here. I have people coming into my office today talking about triple trailers doing trade with the country of Mexico and Canada. Here we are talking about suitcase trade.  There is also an assertion that there is an airline corridor once a week. My recollection is there was an air corridor to the city of Berlin when the Russians blockaded the city. It would be my assertion that the blockade continues to exist.  The comment was made here too that this is simply ethnic politics. I would agree with that assertion. I am very concerned about the ethnic Armenians who have 1 hour of electricity every day because of the Turkish blockade. I am very concerned about the ethnics in north Cyprus because of the continuing Turkish occupation.  There was a suggestion here that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Secretary of Defense are opposed to this amendment. I will accept their objection. But my question is, why? We do not limit or prevent the waiver of this act by the President for military assistance. It only goes to the example of economic assistance, to the tune of $25 million. There be in excess of $140 million in military assistance.  So with that, Mr. Chairman, I would ask that my colleagues support the amendment, the bipartisan amendment that is before the House.  Ms. McKINNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my colleague's amendment to prohibit funding for the Army's School of America's in my home State of Georgia. Although I am proud to represent the people of Georgia, I must speak about this institution's shameful legacy of which I am not proud.  Proponents of the school assert that it is simply a training facility for military leaders of Latin America. The truth of the matter is that many of the school's graduates are among the region's most ruthless human rights abusers. Allow me to provide some examples of the atrocities committed by graduates of the school.  In 1980, four women in El Salvador, Jean Donovan, Laura Clark, Edith Ford, and Dorothy Hazell were raped and murdered by graduates of the school. That same year, after calling on the army for peace in el Salvador, Archbishop Romero was executed by other graduates. In 1981, the entire village of El Mozote, 900 people including 131 children under the age of 12, were lined up and executed. Ten of the 12 officers responsible, were graduates of the Army's School of the Americas. In 1989, School of America graduates were found responsible for the murder of six Jesuit priests. The 1991 commencement speaker at the school was General Hector Gramaho. General Gramaho alone is responsible for the death of 200,000 men, women, and children in Guatemala.  In 1993, the United Nations issued a report regarding atrocities in Central America, and found that 49 of the 60 officers responsible were graduates of the U.S. Army's School of the America's. Additional graduates of the school include Manuel Noriega and Bolivian dictator Hugo Bonza.  Not only are these assassins training on our own soil, but they are being funded by U.S. tax dollars.  Mr. Chairman, clearly this taxpayer-funded institution has become nothing less than a prep school for the Hitlers and Stalins of Latin America. The American taxpayer should no longer have to pay for the training of rapists and child killers. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for the Kennedy amendment and close this school of the assassins.  