Speaker, I am pleased to participate today in this special order to commemorate Black History Month. In March, we will celebrate Women's History Month, and, in that vein, I would like to pay tribute to a number of African-American women who have overcome adversity to achieve great success.  African-Americans have made great strides since the Civil Rights movement of the 1960's. However, we have a ways to go before the economic disparity between the African-American community and the rest of America is eliminated. Black women, in particular, still struggle in disproportionately high numbers with the challenges of raising children while living in poverty.  Fortunately, we can look at shining success stories in the African-American community to show young people how to improve their lives and communities. In the words of the late Congresswoman Barbara Jordan: ``We need to change the decaying inner cities from decay to places where hope lives.''  A pioneer in American politics, Barbara Jordan was the first black State senator in Texas history, and the first woman from Texas, as well as the first black, to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives after Reconstruction. Barbara Jordan was a champion of freedom and of the Constitution. Her beliefs were epitomized when, during the Watergate hearings, she declared, ``My faith in the Constitution is whole, it is complete, it is total, and I am not going to sit here and be an idle spectator to diminution, the subversion, the destruction of the Constitution.''  After serving three terms in Congress, Barbara devoted her energy to teaching and continued to strive, in her own words, ``to do something unusual.'' This was certainly an understatement. Later in life, Barbara struggled with multiple sclerosis, and while the disease crippled her body, she refused to allow it to conquer her spirit. Barbara Jordan's life and success have left a legacy of opportunity for countless American women.  A number of African-American women from Indiana's First Congressional District have also been pioneers. These women have achieved economic and personal success, and they serve as role models for the young people in northwest Indiana. I would like to bring a few of them to your attention now.  Katie Hall served as U.S. Representative for Indiana's First Congressional District from 1982 to 1984. During her tenure in Congress, Katie Hall played an instrumental role in creating the Martin Luther King National Holiday. She currently serves as the Gary city clerk.  Earline Rogers has been elected to serve as a Gary City Council member, State representative, and State senator. Ms. Rogers was only the second African-American woman to be elected a State representative. She continues to serve as a State senator.  Judge Karen Freeman-Wilson is the presiding judge of the Gary City Court. She is also a practicing attorney and has served as a public defender in the Lake County Superior Court.  Eloise Gentry is the president and CEO of the Urban League of Northwest Indiana. She has also served as executive director for Community Coordinated Child Care and helped instigate the movement to integrate Gary's public schools.  Judge Shelia Moss was nominated in 1993 by Governor Bayh to be the presiding judge of the Lake County Superior Court. She has also held the position of deputy director of the Child Support Division for the Lake County Prosecutor's Office.  Hilda Richards is the first African-American chancellor of Indiana University Northwest. She was installed in this position in May of 1994.  Pauline Hutson was the first African-American woman to become a member of the Gary Police Department in 1936, and the first black woman to be promoted to detective in 1969. She has gone on to become commander of the Women's Division of the Gary Police Department.  Y-Gene Chambers was the first African-American woman appointed to the Lake County Crime Commission and the first black woman appointed to the advisory board of Bank One. Ms. Chambers also chartered and was the first president of the board of directors of the Gary Educational Development Foundation.  Dr. Waltee Douglas was one of the first women to become an ordained minister in the Baptist Church in 1985, at St. John Baptist Church in Gary.  Imogene Harris is the publisher of the Gary Info Newspaper and president of the Harris Printing Co. The Gary Info Newspaper is an African-American news weekly which has been in continuous publication for 34 years.  Kellee Patterson was the first African-American woman to win the title of Miss Indiana in 1971.  Vivian Carter was the first African-American woman to host a 5-hour radio show. She is a cofounder of Vee Jay Record Co., which was the first record company to distribute the early recordings of the Beatles.  Dorothy Leavell was the second female president of the National Newspaper Publishers Association, an organization of more than 200 African-American newspapers in the United States.  Del Marae Williams is currently east Chicago's city judge. She has also served in the Lake County Public Defender's Office and as an East Chicago human rights attorney.  As we celebrate Black History Month, we celebrate an America more culturally enriched, intellectually developed, and technologically advanced because of the contributions of African-Americans. In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues, Representatives Louis Stokes and Donald Payne, for organizing this important special order on Black History Month.  