Our beloved and now departed Senator from West Virginia, Robert C. Byrd, will be succeeded in office with a temporary appointment from West Virginia, and we will swear in his successor at 2:15 this afternoon. A few minutes later, the Senate will take up a historic measure. It is a question of whether we should provide unemployment benefits to the millions of Americans who have lost their job, through no fault of their own, and are victims of this recession.  In my home State, 115,000 people have fallen off the unemployment rolls while we have debated whether to extend unemployment benefits. Across America, 1.2 million Americans have lost basic unemployment benefits.  What do these benefits mean to these families out of work? Literally, bread on the table; literally, whether the lights go on when you flick the switch; literally, whether they have a roof over their heads.  This did not use to be a political issue. We did not get involved in a partisan debate about unemployment benefits when it came to other Presidents. But under this President, Barack Obama, the Republicans have decided to take a stand and the stand says this: When it comes to people who are victims of this recession, we will not help them unless we find some way to add a new tax or cut some spending in other areas.  That was never the standard before. We viewed this as an economic emergency, which we responded to, to get America back on its feet.  Those who are involved in watching our budget and our deficit and our economy, such as Bob Bixby, the president of the Concord Coalition, puts it very clearly. Mr. Bixby says:       As a deficit hawk, I wouldn't worry about extending      unemployment benefits. It is not going to add to the long-     term structural deficit, and it does address a serious need.      I just feel like unemployment benefits wandered onto the      wrong street corner at the wrong time, and now they are      getting mugged.  That is Bob Bixby of the Concord Coalition.  What about David Brooks? I respect David Brooks, a conservative Republican writer but a thinker. Here is what he says, in writing in the New York Times last week about unemployment benefits:       Well, there's a few short-term things you can do [about      this economy]. First, extend unemployment insurance; that's a      foolish place to begin budget-balancing.  David Brooks knows what we all know: a dollar handed to an unemployed person is spent almost immediately, recirculates through the economy, and creates $1.60 in economic activity. It is the best way to createmore consumer demand--more demand for goods and services and greater opportunities for jobs, while it provides the basic necessities of life for those who are out of work.  But when it comes to this issue, the Republicans have said: No, we are going to take a stand on the deficit and we are going to take a stand when it comes to unemployed people because the deficit is a serious issue.  I agree with them; it is a serious issue. But last week, the Republican minority whip, Jon Kyl of Arizona, was asked: Well, let me ask you about tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America. If you cut taxes, doesn't that add to the deficit? It is hard to argue that it doesn't.  