President, I ask the Chair to inform me when I have 1 minute of my 5 minutes remaining.  I think this is an amendment that is well known to my colleagues. I have spoken on the floor several times. It is about the interchange fees charged to small businesses across America for the use of credit cards.  This amendment does the following things: It directs the Federal Reserve to ensure that debit fees on debit cards are reasonable and proportional to processing costs; it stops Visa and MasterCard from imposing any competitive restrictions; it ends prohibitions on discounts for use of different network cards; it ends prohibitions on discounts for cash, debit, or credit; and it ends prohibitions on minimum purchase levels for paying with a credit card.  It does not affect credit card interchange rates. We do not establish a rate. That is left entirely to the Federal Reserve to review. We do not allow discrimination against small banks or credit unions. The modification specifically prohibits any discrimination against the issuer of a credit card. A merchant may decide to favor one network over another but cannot favor one bank over another that issues a card. So there can be no discrimination against a credit union, community bank, or a large bank, for that matter. It doesn't set interchange prices.  By putting a $10 billion threshold in terms of the banks issuing the cards, we literally exempt 99 percent of all banks and credit unions from the application of this law. Still, just going for the largest banks in America--86 banks in America--we will cover 65 percent of all the credit and debit transactions in this country. So it is a significant amendment, and it protects the community banks and the credit unions.  I will tell you that I am very concerned and disappointed by the so-called Independent Community Banks Association, which continues to oppose this amendment despite my best efforts to exempt virtually all of their members from being covered. I understand they have a conflict of interest because they are in the top 25 issuers of credit and debit cards in the United States. They make a lot of money under the current situation. They may not want to change it, but it is not fair to small banks in Illinois and across the Nation for them to speak to this issue when they have this conflict of interest.  The second thing I want to say to the credit unions is that there are 8,200 credit unions in America, and all but 3 are exempt from this law--99.999 percent of credit unions are exempt from this law. For them to be opposing it because of three of the biggest credit unions in America is unfair to the rest of their members and certainly unfair to the merchants who do business with them every day.  This is the single most important amendment for small business and retail business in America that we will consider on this bill. In a time of recession, when we need small businesses to step up and create jobs, this is a way to move forward.  Members have heard from all across the country, from small businesses and retail merchants who are asking for some fairness, some justice when it comes to these major credits cards that literally dictate the terms of their agreements with these small businesses. I urge my colleagues to support the Durbin amendment.  Mr. President, I am going to reserve the remainder of my time.  