President, I listened carefully when the Republican leader from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, came to the floor. This is the key time, before an election campaign, when parties announce their goals, their strategy, their message to the voters.  So I listened carefully as the Republican Senate leader came to the floor for the first time in this 3-week period, to spell out what his goals would be in terms of where the country has been coming from and where it will go. It struck my as strange. Because, at this time of year, we are used to new shows coming on television, new seasons beginning, being introduced to new plot lines and new stars and new ideas and broadcasts, but we do not expect reruns. To get reruns being announced on television at this time of year would be defeating the purpose of attracting an audience interested in what is new.  I listened to Senator McConnell's speech, and it was a Republican rerun, things they have been saying for the last year and a half, in fact for many years, still the message of the Republican Party. What they say and what Senator McConnell said today is: Elect us to lead the Senate and we will give you more of the same. We will return you to the Bush economic policies.  I listened carefully as he criticized President Obama. I have heard him before. Senator McConnell has come to the floor and criticized President Obama for intervening to try to save the automobile companies across the United States. Many of us supported the President. I think the President was right. He did not run for office to become a major leader in saving American automobile companies.  This was a challenge thrust on him. Yet he accepted it and realized if we started closing down automobile plants across Illinois and across America, thousands of people would be out of work. He did not want to see that happen. So the government did intervene.  I have heard the Senator from Kentucky come to the floor before, as he did this afternoon, and criticize the President for his intervention in the automobile companies. Well, during the course of our August break, many of us were busy doing a lot of things. It is possible that Senator McConnell missed the good news, the good news in the New York Times on Friday August 13 and Saturday August 14.  On Friday, August 13, headline: ``Profit Strong, G.M. Names a New Chief.'' 