President, pending before us on the floor is the bill from the Senate Finance Committee, the extenders bill relating to the Tax Code, but I would like to address an issue which is to come before the Senate tomorrow. It is an issue that rarely comes here under a procedure that was designed to give Congress a voice in the determination of regulations and rules promulgated by a President and the administration.  The Senate has entered into a unanimous consent agreement to consider S.J. Res. 26 tomorrow, which would disapprove of the Environmental Protection Agency's endangerment. As a result of this action by the Senate, if wevote, we will vote in disapproval of this endangerment. The EPA's action was in response to a Supreme Court order that it make a determination about whether greenhouse gases as pollutants could be reasonably anticipated to endanger public health or welfare.  This is an interesting story because it began with a question that was posed to Carol Browner, then head of the Environmental Protection Agency under President Bill Clinton. As I was told the story, the Republican leader in the House, Tom DeLay, asked Carol Browner of the EPA whether the Clean Air Act covered greenhouse gases, and she said she would have to get back to him because that particular question had never been directly asked or answered. After long study, she replied in the affirmative, which was not the reply the gentleman from Texas was expecting. This led to a flurry of lawsuits and questions because it really raised the question as to whether greenhouse gases, as we know them, going into the atmosphere are dangerous to the health and safety of people living on Earth and particularly here in the United States.  The EPA studied this for a long period of time. The Supreme Court considered this case, as to whether the Clean Air Act applied to greenhouse gases, and ultimately concluded that it did but left it to the EPA to make the final determination as to whether in fact these greenhouse gases were dangerous. The EPA responded to the direction provided by the Supreme Court by proposing to find that the emission of six greenhouse gases--carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, and sulfur hexafluorides--threatened the public health and welfare of current and future generations and the combined emissions of these same gases from new motor vehicles and motor vehicle engines contribute to the atmospheric concentrations of these greenhouse gases and hence the threat of climate change.  So, literally, tomorrow the Senate will be debating and voting on the question of climate change and whether greenhouse gases in fact are dangerous to the environment and the health and safety of people living in the United States. This has been a long, torturous process that led us to this moment. But the resolution being offered by the Senator from Alaska, Ms. Murkowski, would basically ask the Senate to find against the scientific findings linking greenhouse gases and climate change. The judgment of the EPA was based on scientific findings that showed that the concentration of greenhouse gases is at unprecedented levels compared to the recent and distant past; the effects of climate changed observed to date and projected to occur in the future will have impacts on public health and welfare; and the emissions of greenhouse gases from on-road vehicles regulated by the Clean Air Act contribute to climate change.  There are those who deny the connection between greenhouse gases and what is happening to the Earth, the world in which we live. There are some who do not believe in climate change, they do not believe in global warming, and they are very vocal in their positions.  I have had many groups come to see me on the issue from my State of Illinois. Many of them are farmers, agricultural groups, and I have made a point of asking these farmers--as they tell me they oppose any type of efforts to control carbon, to tax it or measure it in the future--a very basic question: Do you believe human activity on Earth is leading to changes in the world we live in--climate changes, the melting of glaciers, different problems with pollution, public health issues, asthma, lung problems? And I have been surprised, at least initially, to find that none of them believed it--not one. Three--after I asked this repeatedly--three said they had some questions about it, but not one said they believed it; that human activity was changing the world in which we live. I said to them: It is very difficult for us to have a conversation let alone a debate about this issue if you don't buy the premise, if you don't buy the starting point that things we are doing--the way we live, the way we produce electricity, the way we move from one place to another--create pollution which changes the Earth.  This resolution by Senator Murkowski basically takes the same position: that the Environmental Protection Agency's finding that these greenhouse gases are a danger to us in the future and now is wrong. The EPA did not reach this conclusion lightly, as to whether there was a connection between greenhouse gases and the safety and health of people living on Earth. They had over 380,000 public comments they elicited for this work.  The EPA endangerment finding has been supported not only by their conclusions but peer-reviewed literature in the work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. For the Senate to decide tomorrow that greenhouse gases do not pose a danger to our environment or our own health is comparable to the Senate voting against gravity, saying basically we are going to disagree with the scientific conclusion on gravity.  I could argue without gravity the space program would be a lot cheaper. But the fact is, gravity is a scientific finding backed up by virtually everyone. Here we have a scientific finding backed up by the National Academy of Sciences, and the Senator from Alaska is going to ask us to vote tomorrow to reject it--the Senate to reject it. We will stand in judgment of these scientists and find they are wrong.  By what authority could we reach that conclusion? They have gone through this long process of concluding that greenhouse gas emissions endanger the planet we live on and our lives in the future. They have suggested we need to take that into consideration when we talk about the fuels we burn in the future, the way we generate electricity in the future, and start making plans to improve fuel efficiency, energy efficiency, to reduce the dangers associated with this.  I think this is an important vote, maybe a historic vote. It is also interesting who supports the position of Senator Murkowski that we basically reject the sound science behind the EPA position. It is a position backed by many groups but particularly supported by big oil. The big oil companies are concerned about the impact of measuring greenhouse gas emissions and carbon emissions on the environment because it directly impacts the product they create and produce and sell.  Here we are in the midst of an environmental disaster in the Gulf of Mexico brought on by one of the biggest oil companies on Earth, and we are now going to consider in the Senate a Murkowski resolution that is supported by the same big oil interests asking us to reject the finding by the EPA that greenhouse gas emissions do pose a danger to our environment and the people living in the United States.  I say to my colleagues, tomorrow I hope they will think long and hard about this vote. This is not just another vote about another political issue. The credibility of the Senate is at issue. If we are going to stand in judgment of these scientific findings and reject them, then I think we will at least subject ourselves to a level of criticism that we have not accepted basic and sound science as it has been developed.  There are many groups supporting the Murkowski resolution. I mentioned big oil. But there are many groups that oppose the Murkowski resolution. Among them are the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Children's Environmental Health Network, the American Nurses Association, the American Lung Association, Public Health Association, Physicians for Social Responsibility, the Association of Schools of Public Health, Union of Concerned Scientists--the list goes on and on.  It is interesting, too, that automobile manufacturers oppose the Murkowski effort to reject the science behind greenhouse gas emissions. An alliance of automobile manufacturers and 11 member companies have written to us expressing concern over the Murkowski resolution that would overturn the EPA's endangerment finding on greenhouse gas emissions.       . . . if these resolutions are enacted into law, the      historic agreement creating the One National Program for      regulating vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions      would collapse.  They are, of course, referring to an agreement which is trying to move toward more fuel-efficient vehicles and vehicles that pollute less. An agreement is being reached. Most Americanswould agree that is a good thing. But the basis for agreeing it is a good thing is the belief that what is coming out of your tailpipe is not necessarily good for the world we live in, and if we can reduce the greenhouse gas emissions by moving toward hybrid engines, electric cars, getting better mileage in cars we do use, it is a good thing for the American owning the car--they buy less fuel oil--and it is a good thing for the environment because there are fewer emissions.  If the Murkowski resolution prevails, we are rejecting the scientific basis for believing that what comes out of your tailpipe can be harmful to the world in which we live. That is a position which is hard to understand and difficult to explain.  The auto workers have written to us asking us to vote against the Murkowski resolution, saying they are very concerned that such a vote ``would unravel the historic agreement on one national standard for fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions.''  We have had EPA Administrators from Presidents, both Democratic and Republican--under Nixon, Ford, and Reagan--who oppose the Murkowski resolution: Russell Train, William Ruckelshaus, many faith groups, a long list of environmental groups, and key stakeholders who oppose this Murkowski resolution. The list goes on and on.  It will be an interesting vote tomorrow to see if this Senate, this historic and traditional body, will be looking forward to the future and realizing if we do not take better care of the world we live in, we will not be leaving as clean a world, as safe a world to our children in the future.  The Murkowski resolution says ignore the science, ignore the findings, and ignore the responsibility we face to do something about this problem. I think that is clearly a move in the wrong direction, and I hope my colleagues will reject this resolution when it comes before us tomorrow.  There are some who have argued if we do not pass the Murkowski resolution the EPA will start regulating just about everything in sight. When my farmers come here and start worrying about the tractors they drive in the fields, I wonder if they have taken a close look at what the EPA rule has suggested.  There are approximately 900 currently regulated facilities, and the EPA estimates there will be about 550 more that would be affected by this rule. No small farms, restaurants, or midsize commercial facilities emit enough carbon to be regulated by the EPA. Many of these entities have been frightened by people who have been exaggerating the reach of the EPA or their interest in this particular issue.  When you look at the phase-in called for by the EPA, they are dealing with the largest emitters of pollution in our country. What I think it does is, unfortunately, make the debate somewhat distorted to suggest it is going to apply to a farmer or small businessperson because the EPA's schedule and rules do not.  The alternative of doing nothing is unacceptable from my point of view. I do believe, sadly, things are changing for the worse in many respects when it comes to the environment of the world in which we live. I do believe there has been, as the EPA has found, an increase in greenhouse gas emissions and accumulation of those emissions in the environment which have had a negative impact on the world.  I have seen the photos--most everyone has--about the warming of this Earth. Although there are clearly days and weeks when we have a lot of cold weather--we had it in Washington--we know on average the temperature of the world we live in is going up. As it does, things change: glaciers melt, there is more water in the oceans, currents change, the temperature of the water that moves around the world changes, and climate patterns start to change as well.  We need to do something about it. Voting for the Murkowski resolution is a step in the wrong direction. It basically says we are walking away from our responsibility, a responsibility which, though it is politically difficult, I think is a responsibility we must face because the science and our human experience lead us to that conclusion.  I know it is going to mean some changes in the world. I come from a State where there is a lot of coal. That coal is a source of a lot of energy. But it also could be the source of a lot of pollution. There are ways to deal with it.  I see the Senator from Missouri on the Senate floor. He and I have come together, not on every issue but at least on the notion of carbon sequestration. The idea is to take the emissions from an electric powerplant using coal, for example, and pipe them deep into the earth well below any surface where they could escape. I think this is one of the technologies, one of the scientific processes that should be researched as a possibility.  Let me conclude, because I see my colleague on the floor, by urging my colleagues to oppose the Murkowski resolution tomorrow. This resolution wants to basically reject scientific findings that have been backed up across the world. It would subject this body to not only criticism but maybe even ridicule for us to step away from basic scientific findings which have linked the activities of humans on Earth and a change in the Earth in which we live. We need to accept that basic premise and accept that basic responsibility.  I yield the floor.  