President, I wish to join my colleagues in noting the farewell address of Senator Arlen Specter is an inspiring moment in the Senate.  It has been my great honor to serve with Senator Specter and to be a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee with him as well. I think of his contribution to the Senate at many levels. I certainly appreciate what he did for the Senate and for the Nation when he chaired the Judiciary Committee and served on that committee, particularly when it came to the hearings involving the appointment of new Supreme Court Justices. Without fail, Senator Specter at those hearings would always have dazzling insight into the current state of the law and the record of the nominee. I couldn't wait for him each time there was a hearing to see what his tack would be. It always reflected a thoughtful reflection on the historic moment we faced with each nominee. The questions he asked, the positions he took, the statements he made, all made for a better record for the United States as theSenate proceeded to vote on those historic nominations.  But there is one area he touched on ever so slightly that I believe is equal to his mark on the Senate Judiciary Committee. This man, Senator Arlen Specter, with the help in some respects and in some efforts by Senator Tom Harkin, has done more to advance the cause of medical research in his time than virtually any other Member of the Congress. He had a single-minded determination to advance medical research and to put the investment in the National Institutes of Health. On the House side, Congressman John Porter joined him in that early effort--John Porter of Illinois--but time and again Arlen Specter would have as his last bargaining chip on the table, whenever there was a negotiation, that we needed to put more money in the National Institutes of Health. I know he was probably inspired to that cause by many things, but certainly by his own life experience where he has successfully battled so many medical demons and is here standing before us as living proof that with his self-determination and the advancement of science, we can overcome even some of the greatest diseases and maladies that come our way.  He was, to me, a role model many times as he struggled through cancer therapy and never missed a bell when it came to presiding over a committee hearing or coming to the floor to vote. There were times when all of us knew he was in pain. Yet he never let on. He did his job and did it with a gritty determination, and I respect him so much for it. That personal life experience, I am sure, played some role in his determination to advance medical research.  So as he brings an end to his Senate career, there are countless thousands who wouldn't know the name Arlen Specter who have been benefited by this man's public service and commitment to medical research. I thank him for that as a person, as does everyone in this Chamber who has benefited from that cause in his life.  I also think, as I look back on his work on the stimulus bill when he was on the other side of the aisle, that it took extraordinary courage and may have cost him a Senate seat to step forward and say, I will join with two other Republicans to pass a bill for this new President Obama to try to stop a recession and to give some new life to this economy. There were very few with the courage to do it. He was one of them. Sitting with him in the meetings where the negotiations were underway, then-Republican Senator Arlen Specter drove hard bargains in terms of bringing down the overall cost of the project and dedicating a substantial portion--$10 billion, if I am not mistaken--to the National Institutes of Health. Again, the final negotiation on the stimulus bill for America included Arlen Specter's demand that the National Institutes of Health have additional research dollars. His commitment to make that happen did make it happen. Those three votes from the Republican side of the aisle made it happen: a stimulus which averted, in my mind, a terrible, much worse recession, maybe even a depression in America. It was the best of the Senate, when a Senator had the courage to stand up, take a position, risk his Senate seat because he believed in it, and do some good for America which would benefit millions, as his vote and his effort did.  When I look at those whom I have served with in the Senate, there are precious few who meet the standards for Arlen Specter. I am going to miss him for so many reasons, but I know his involvement in public life will not quit. That is often a cliche we hear on the floor after a farewell address. But I know it because he has been hammering away at me every single day about bringing those cameras over to the Supreme Court. So even when he leaves this body, if it is not done then, I am sure I am going to hear from him again on televising the Supreme Court proceedings. I give my word that as long as I am around here, Senator, I will carry that banner for you, and if I have a chance to help you pass that measure at some point in the future I am going to do it because I think it is the right thing to do and I know it has meant so much to you.  The Senate's loss is America's gain as he becomes a public figure in a different life. But during his tenure in the Senate he has graced this institution with an extraordinary intelligence, a determination, and a belief that the national good should rise above any party cause. I am going to miss Arlen Specter and I thank him for being my friend.  I yield the floor.  