It has been over 18 months since Wall Street collapsed and the economy teetered on the brink of depression. It has been almost a year since the administration offered a detailed proposal to reform Wall Street. It has been 4 months since the House passed its version of Wall Street reform. Yet, unfortunately, the minority party, the Republicans in the Senate, still want to delay any Wall Street reform. They want to put off Wall Street reform for another day.  Yesterday, the Republicans in the Senate had a chance to vote to end their filibuster on Wall Street reform so that we could start to debate this issue and consider amendments from both sides of the aisle, almost the way we remember learning about the Senate in school: a real place where there is a real debate, differences of opinion, votes, winners, losers--an amazing concept. We don't see much of it anymore, do we?  There are a lot of empty chairs here. There is very little actual debate leading to a vote. So yesterday we said to the Republicans: After all this time since this started, after 2 years since Bear Stearns failed and all we have been through, isn't it about time for us to roll up our sleeves and get down to work? Shouldn't we bring some reform and transparency to Wall Street so we don't have to go through this ever again? Wall Street got away with murder and the taxpayers ended up holding the bag, remember?  The previous administration asked us to send almost $800 billion to Wall Street to save the institutions that made some of the greediest, stupidest decisions in the history of American business. I was in those meetings. I can remember sobering moments--I will bet the chairman of the Banking Committee can remember them as well--when the Treasury Secretary, Mr. Paulson, and the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Mr. Bernanke, looked us in the eye and said: If we don't put $85 billion in AIG today, it will fail and the American economy will fail with it. It takes your breath away. We do a lot of important things here but nothing like that. Then, it wasn't 2 weeks later that they came back and said: It is not enough. We need up to $800 billion to buy toxic assets with something called TARP.  Well, let me tell my colleagues, I am a liberal arts lawyer. I have spent a lifetime in politics. I can't really startquibbling and arguing about puts and calls and derivatives and CDOs and all the rest of it. At some point, you take the word of the people who are in charge, and I voted for it. The alternative was unthinkable.  So where are we today? Sadly, some of those same firms we rescued with taxpayers' dollars sent us a thank-you card which had a postscript that said: Incidentally, we have just declared that we are going to give one another $10 million bonuses for our wisdom. How do you buy that? How do you sell it to the American people?  So we have come here with the leadership of Senator Dodd on the Banking Committee and Senator Lincoln on the Agriculture Committee, which has a piece of this, and said: We are going to change this story. We are going to have more accountability, we are going to have more transparency, and, frankly, we are going to put a cop on the beat when it comes to Wall Street. We are going to make sure they don't get involved in this mess again.  I don't often come to the floor to plug a book, but I am going to: Michael Lewis, ``The Big Short.'' I recommend it if you can stand it. He tells the inside story of what happened on Wall Street. These so-called great, wise men didn't know what they were doing other than making a lot more money every single day. They were building this house of cards, and eventually it fell. He tells the story about the folks who profited when it fell. They were completely out of favor for years. People said: Shorting the housing market? Are you crazy? There is no way to go but up when it comes to housing. Well, they made a lot of money, shorting the market, and the folks who came up with these crazy vehicles to package all these mortgages left us and America holding the bag.  This recession we are in took $16 trillion to $17 trillion out of the American economy. I don't need to tell anybody about it. If you look at your savings account before and after, you know what I am talking about--savings, retirement, the business down the street that closed, the neighbor who lost his job. You know the story, as we all do. It took $16 trillion to $17 trillion. That is more than the total value of all of the goods and services produced in the United States of America in any year--the total value--yanked out of the economy because of the stupidity of these folks.  Now we come before the Senate and say: Do you want to risk going through that again? Shouldn't we learn something in the process here that avoids that problem? The Republicans yesterday said: No, thanks. We don't care to vote on this.  Well, in an hour they are going to have another chance. I hope they have come to their senses. I hope the people they represent have led them to their senses. We have given them ample opportunity, and will, to offer their amendments. Let's hear their ideas. I am going to be open to them. I certainly don't want to water down this bill. I think it is a good bill. I want to try to make it stronger. If they want to water it down, we will have a vote, debate and vote, almost like the U.S. Senate. It will be amazing.  There is a second provision in here for consumer financial protection. Right now, strung out across our government are all of these agencies that are supposed to be watching out for us. We have agencies that make sure the toaster you bought over the weekend doesn't explode, catch fire, and burn down your house. We expect that, don't we? That is the Consumer Product Safety Commission. But we don't have an agency that makes sure the mortgage you signed doesn't explode and you lose your house. That is what happened: stuck in mortgage provisions.  Have you ever been through a real estate closing? There is a stack of pages turned at the corner; sign as fast as you can; at the end of 15 or 20 minutes, you have writer's cramp; a check; a key to the house, and you are out the door. Oh, you didn't check that line, the middle of the page, the 35th document that you signed? It had a prepayment penalty in there for your mortgage. Prepayment penalty, so what? Well, it just says that when the interest rate goes up, you can't refinance it. Oh, I didn't know that. Of course you didn't. Lawyers don't catch those things.  So we want to create the strongest consumer financial protection law in the history of the United States not to create a massive agency--it won't be--but to empower consumers so that when you sit down at that closing or you decide to take out a credit card or a student loan or an auto loan, you know what you are getting into. The basics are in front of you in plain English. Wall Street hates this idea like the Devil hates holy water. The notion that there would be some agency there looking over their shoulder sends fear into their hearts. I think it is a good idea. If someone wants to come here and debate it, I am ready, but I think we ought to have a debate. What are the Republicans afraid of?  