President, I wanted to give my friend from Tennessee time to make his objection in its entirety. I thank him for that. I am glad he clarified the fact that we could bring the START treaty to the floor. I sincerely hope we do. I think it would be a serious mistake for us to leave Washington for the holiday season without voting on that treaty on the floor.  This is a treaty which the President has worked on and which is supported by previous administrations, Democratic and Republican. It is an effort to reach an agreement with the Russians. It should be based on a premise that most Republicans applaud because it goes back to an earlier statement by President Reagan that we should ``trust but verify.'' The fact is, for over 1 calendar year, we have not had any inspectors on the ground in Russia to verify the safety and treaty compliance of their nuclear weaponry.  Senator Lugar, on that side of the aisle, a man whom I greatly respect, supports this treaty, and if there is one person in the Senate who is probably more expert than any other when it comes to this issue of nuclear weapons, nuclear weapon control and modernization, it is Senator Lugar of Indiana. He supports this treaty and wants it to come forward. I hope Senators feel he is right. I think he is.  I hope we can do this. The notion that we do not have time--I said at an appearance a few days ago that we had time to create the Department of Homeland Security in a lameduck session because two extraordinary Senators--Susan Collins of Maine, a Republican, and Joseph Lieberman, then a Democrat of Connecticut--worked overtime to put together a bipartisan bill which we considered in a lameduck session and literally reorganized the intelligence structure of America. It was an amazing undertaking and one I believe has served us well. We did it in a lameduck session, and no one stood up and said: I object; do not go forward. I object; I need 2 weeks. People really worked together to get it done.  We can do it in that same spirit when it comes to the START treaty. Let's get that done. Let's get the tax provision done. Let's get funding the government done. And let's get the START treaty done before we go home. We can do this. We are capable of doing this. But an empty Chamber and empty desks and no Senators on the floor will not achieve that.  I am glad the Senator clarified that he is not stepping in the way of considering the START treaty with this ultimatum that was sent out from 42 Republican Senators. I wish we could do a few other things, too, such as extend unemployment benefits, but apparently there is an objection to that.  So I hope we can work forward from this point in a more positive way. I truly value my friendship and the fact that I can serve with these two fine Senators from Tennessee. Although I spent a lot of time extolling the virtue of the senior Senator from Tennessee, I guarantee you, next time, I will extoll the virtues of the junior Senator so that he has a positive feeling about our relationship.  I yield the floor.  