Not only does she have the facts, she has the tenacity and ferocity to take on these issues. You always want Mary Landrieu on your team. Like Senator Boxer, there are times when we are not on the same team. Thank goodness they are rare. But when we are together I know it is going to be a spirited fight and I am glad to join her in this effort. I thank her and Senator Cantwell, but I also acknowledge, as she has, that Senators Merkley and Boxer were involved in the early formulation of this idea.  The idea was so obvious, it was so obvious that we knew when we spoke to small businesses the struggle they were having. They couldn't borrow money. Even good, reputable small businesses with great records could not borrow money. When they couldn't borrow money, it was impossible for them to sustain their business growth and to hire people.  In America, as we have lost 8 million jobs, with all the hardship and heartache that comes with it, we faced some hard choices. This week, the Senate and the House finally, after weeks of filibustering, came through with unemployment benefits for the millions of Americans who are struggling to feed their families during these hard times. That to me is the safety net. But if we are going to go beyond the safety net and create the jobs to put people back to work and get beyond this debate on unemployment benefits, we have to look to small business.  I heard the Senator from Louisiana talk about her view of small business and job creation. This bill that is before us, this amendment that Senator Landrieu brings before us today, is one that will create jobs in my home State of Illinois.  There were over 258,000 small business employers in Illinois in 2006, led by professional service and construction firms. These small businesses accounted for over 98 percent of the employers in my State. These small businesses added 93,000 jobs in 2006, more than three times as many as those by companies with more than 500 employees. Another 850,000 people worked for themselves in 2006, meaning the number of people working for small businesses was that much larger.  I am concerned about every firm losing jobs, but I know if we do not address the fundamental challenge facing small business, we are not going to turn this recession around quickly and that is what we all need to do and want to do.  What I struggle to understand, I will say to the Senator from Louisiana--perhaps she can answer this question: Where is the opposition to this? Where is the opposition? The Senator has read comments from the National Federation of Independent Businesses, a conservative business group. I have worked with them. Many times we lock horns but we have worked together on health care and things. So where does the opposition to this come from?  Don't we know if we take this money and loan it to small businesses it will be repaid? It has a leverage, a multiplier in terms of what it can mean to our economy, creating jobs, which means more taxes being paid, more people earning money with paychecks. I am trying to understand. Have people come to the floor on the other side of the aisle and explained why we would not want to provide credit for small businesses in the middle of a recession to help create jobs? I wish to ask the Senator if she would respond, through the Chair.  