We have worked on many other issues, and we will in the future. I will concede what he pointed to as a fundamental flaw, a mistake that was made. There was a presumption made that owning a home was such a valuable American ideal--and I know your background; you certainly agree with that--but we went too far. We extended the opportunity for home ownership to people who were not ready. We believed if we pushed them to the limit of how much they could pay, the home would appreciate in value, their incomes would go up, and everything would work out. It turned out that gamble was wrong for some people. Certainly, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as the ultimate guarantors of mortgages, were part of that. There is a government element here. I don't question that for a moment. Certainly some blame lies there.  Blame lies with those people who overextended, bought more than they could afford. They may have been misled into it, but the fact is, they did it. They made mistakes.  Having said that, though, there were a lot of people involved in financial institutions which led them into this, misled them into this. No-doc closings, where people didn't have to present a document proving the amount of income they had, basically telling people: We will give you a mortgage where it is; you will be paying just interest for a few years, and everything will be just fine.  These mortgages where the interest rates would explode in the outyears, and people would not be able to pay, there was a lot of things that went wrong there. But I hope the Senator from Georgia will agree that behind this bill is the notion that some things happened on Wall Street which were outrageous. The fact that we ended up coming up with somewhere in the range of $700 or $800 billion to save most Wall Street institutions is an indication that things were out of hand on Wall Street, that we never want to return to that again.  I will concede to the Senator from Georgia his premise. Do we need to reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac? Yes, we do. If we don't, we will pay dearly for it. I don't know if we can accomplish it in this bill, accomplish it at this moment, but it literally has to be done. I have never quarreled with that premise in the debate, nor do I question his starting point that this was part of the problem that led to where we are today.  It is always the best is the enemy of the good around here. We have a good Wall Street reform bill that moves in the right direction to avoid some of the abuses there. To argue that it doesn't include Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and therefore we can't support it, perhaps we just have a different point of view. I think this is a valuable thing to do to move forward. I will concede his point. He is right in what he said.  