What the minority leader just offered was a 1-month extension. We have been limping and dragging our way from one short extension to another, and that is not fair.  It is not fair to 80,000 people in Illinois, unemployed, who just lost their unemployment benefits because of the Republican filibuster. Why do the Republicans oppose this bill? Well, the good reason they say is the deficit. But let me tell you the real reason. The real reason is because this bill pays for virtually all of the programs except unemployment by making changes in the Tax Code, changes to which the Republicans object.  Let me give you an example. One of the changes would eliminate the loopholes in the Tax Code which allow American businesses to relocate American jobs overseas. We know what that means to manufacturing in this country. We are losing good-paying jobs right and left, and the Tax Code rewards the companies that make those bad decisions. We want to eliminate that, and the Republicans want to protect it.  Secondly, this bill provides help to small businesses across America, and we pay for it. Third, this bill will provide money to governments so we would not have to lay off teachers, policemen, firefighters, and nurses. That is going to happen. We are trying to send emergency money back to the States to avoid that.  The Republicans continue to filibuster it and to say no--no to plugging up the loopholes so jobs will not move overseas, no to the assistance for small businesses so they can create jobs, and, no, so that we can help to protect the jobs of the people who protect us in our homes and communities and schools.  I do not understand the Republican sentiment. There used to be a bipartisan sentiment that when America faced a disaster, we would pull together, whether it was the flooding and hurricanes in Louisiana or the disastrous situation in the Gulf of Mexico. We have a national emergency with this recession and 14 million Americans out of work.  We are asking only--only--to extend them an unemployment check so they can feed their families--literally feed their families for the next few months. The Republicans continue to filibuster and continue to say no.  The record is clear. It is a party of no which is hoping the voters will vote yes in November. I hope they will remember that the Republicans had no alternative when it came to this disastrous economic situation, and we are doing our best to create jobs and help those who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own.  I yield the floor.  