President, I say to those who will be critical of the remarks I am about to make, this is not from some French Socialist journal; this is not from some left-leaning magazine; this is a news story in the Wall Street Journal this morning which is talking about what the credit card companies are doing.  So the obvious question one would ask if you live in Illinois or any other place, for that matter, and which we should ask ourselves is, Are we powerless to stop this? Are we powerless to stop these banks, credit unions, and credit card companies from basically ignoring reform in the law, from finding ways to skirt the law and charge even more?  Well, the answer is we are not. I will tell you why. Because last week President Obama signed into law the strongest consumer financial protections in the history of the United States. The bill, which was authored by Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, and Congressman Barney Frank, his counterpart in the House, the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act included many provisions that will help consumers immediately--especially regarding mortgages and credit cards. Make no mistake, as this article tells us, the big banks on Wall Street are working overtime already to dream up ways to avoid this new law as well. The law will never keep up with their lawyers and accountants. They will always find a way around it.  That is why the bill included something we have never had before in the United States: a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection.  This bureau has one responsibility: to make consumer financial markets work for American families, not just for the banks. The bureau will ensure that sellers of mortgages, credit cards, private student loans, pay-day lenders, and other types of financial products must compete for customers based on the quality of their products, rather than the number of tricks and traps they can hide in the fine print they stick behind your monthly statement.  Here is the thing. This agency is only going to be as effective as the people who run it and work for it. That is even more true for a brandnew agency such as this one. The person who is chosen as the first leader will set the tone for the regulators for years to come, even decades.  It is critical that the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection be put in place with a director who is aggressive, intelligent, and understands the challenge they will face; a director who is fair, one who believes in the power of the marketplace but understands that markets work better if everybody participating in those markets benefits; a director who will listen to what bankers are saying but can see through them when they try to slant lending markets too far in their favor; a director who thinks, first and foremost, about how American families can thrive in today's complicated economy.  Fortunately, there is a person who can fill that job effectively. Her name is Elizabeth Warren.  Professor Elizabeth Warren first proposed the creation of an independent financial regulator to look out for consumers 3 years ago, in 2007. In 2008, she helped me draft a bill based on her idea. We called it the Consumer Credit Safety Commission back then.  In the spring of last year, she worked to change the bill, and we renamed it the Financial Product Safety Commission.  Last summer, when the Obama administration released its plan for reforming Wall Street, our idea was rechristened as the Consumer Financial Protection Agency.  It is now officially called the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and it is now the law of the land. Whatever the name, Professor Elizabeth Warren of Harvard Law School, more than any person in this country, was the driving force behind the creation of this agency.  Years ago, Professor Warren made a name for herself when she wrote a book called ``The Two-Income Trap,'' in which she described how hard it is for working families to get by in today's economy. She taught a popular course at Harvard on bankruptcy and has written extensively on how difficult it is for many families to start over when their lives take a turn for the worse.  She has most recently last served as a watchdog, a chairwoman of the congressional oversight panel for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, otherwise known as TARP. She has taken a look at the money--the taxpayer dollars--given to these banks to make sure we weren't cheated and to blow the whistle on banks that didn't do the right thing.  She has done that and done it extremely well. For the past 3 years, she has advocated tirelessly for the creation of this agency. The purpose of this agency is to empower every single one of us, as consumers, to get the right information and not be tricked or deceived, so we can do the right thing for ourselves and our families and our small businesses.  Throughout her work, a common theme has emerged: Government should work for the American people and not the other way around. Elizabeth Warren is the right person to head this new agency.  Much has been written--some of it critical--on the prospect of Professor Warren being nominated as Director of this new consumer bureau. Wall Street banks anonymously argue to the media--and even to Senators--that she would restrict access to credit. Nonsense. The only types of credit she would restrict are predatory loans. That is just a smokescreen for saying the banks are going to face their responsibilities and perhaps not take all the profit they want at the expense of consumers who are deceived.  Professor Warren has said publicly--and I believe her--that she doesn't begrudge banks making profits; they are in business. She would prefer--as I and I think most Americans would--that banks make money by providing American families with good products, good credit cards, good mortgages, and good student loans.  The banks also argue she doesn't understand their business well enough toregulate it. They are afraid of her. They know how smart she is and that she would not be teaching at Harvard Law School successfully and leading so many efforts forward for this country if she didn't have the skill and intelligence it takes.  Professor Warren will bring to the bureau passion and compassion, a big-picture vision and nuts-and-bolts knowledge. She is the right person for the most important job in the country.  I say to my wife and to anybody who read the Wall Street Journal this morning, with the right person at this new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, help is on the way. We need to put into place someone who will blow the whistle on those who break the law, abuse the law, and engage in practices that deceive Americans and American families. We need somebody at that agency who empowers us, as consumers, to make the right decisions for our families. Elizabeth Warren, professor of Harvard Law School, is the right person.  I yield the floor.  