President, I also received some e-mail and letters from Kentuckians. It is a great State. It is the ancestral home of many Durbins--one hailed from Sunfish, KY, which is a pretty tiny town, I am told, and came up north to Illinois. It is a beautiful State, and I have enjoyed visiting there many times.  A lady named Joy from Florence, KY, contacted me and said:       Hello, I am 50 years old and I got let go a year and a half      ago from my job because I was getting older and they could      pay less for the younger workers. . . .       Most places I applied to won't hire by experience--they      want a college degree.       I have an elderly mother and handicapped child. I am behind      in all my bills and if there is not another extension I will      not be able to pay any bills. I am hoping you will put      through another extension--hopefully things will improve come      spring.  A letter from someone named J.R.--didn't give a hometown, said he is from Kentucky. I will not read some portions of this letter, but I will read this part:       I would like to say I am unemployed and [unemployment      insurance] has allowed me to keep my home etc. There still      are no jobs that will allow me to live on. I have . . . cut      back to just the basic needs--the Internet next. And then I      will start selling my belongings to get by.       I sit and wonder if everyone on unemployment gets cut off,      do the Senate and Congress realize the war here in the United      States will be worse than the one we are in overseas? There      will be so much stealing and . . . no telling what else just      for people to try and survive and feed their families.       God help us all.  There is a letter of desperation. It is an unimaginable scene that we would reach in any community here in this country in any State. But I think it reflects the fact that some people who write and say ``cut them off'' and ``so what'' are pretty fortunate people. They probably have a job. They probably have a home. They may not be worried about where their next meal is coming from. But for millions of Americans, that is not the story.  I understand the Senator from Kentucky sees this differently, but I take the issue of health insurance as an example. If you have ever had the experience as a parent having a sick child and having no health insurance, it is something you will never forget as long as you live. It happened to me when I was a law student. My wife and I were newly married, and we had no health insurance and a baby with a medical problem. I try to imagine what it would be like--ours was a temporary experience--what it would be like if that is what you had to face day-in and day-out, week-in and week-out, month after month, year after year. That is what these folks are up against. The only chance they have to hang on to health insurance is this COBRA program.  The COBRA program--let me add parenthetically, that was created through reconciliation. This process that has been condemned by some created the COBRA program and said we are going to provide health insurance for the unemployed people in America, and the President's stimulus package said we will help them pay for the premiums, and the objection of the Senator from Kentucky cut off those COBRA payments for thousands of people across America. I don't know what is going to happen now. I don't know, if some of them lost their health insurance and try to get it back, whether they are going to be denied coverage because of a preexisting condition. I hope that doesn't happen, but it will mean this was not just another political debate for them; it will mean they have lost the coverage which all of us want to have for all of our families.  COBRA coverage consumes nearly 84 percent of unemployment checks if you don't get a helping hand from the government. In Illinois, monthly unemployment benefits are just over $1,300. The average monthly COBRA family health insurance premium is over $1,100. So you can see it is impossible for a family with $1,300 a month to pay a $1,100-a-month premium. So 65 percent of that cost is deferred by this program, and that program was stopped because of the objection by the Senator from Kentucky.  He said we should have gone through the cloture votes; in other words, we should have faced his filibuster head-on and taken all the time it took to resolve our way through it. And each hour of each day that we did that, more and more people would fall out of coverage of health insurance. We don't. As Members of Congress, we have a pretty generous health insurance plan. We share it with all the other Federal employees, 8 million of us and our families. It gives us the very best coverage, with the government picking up about two-thirds or three-fourths of the cost. We don't have to worry about gaps in coverage. As we receive our checks, we are going to be able to protect our families. But for the folks who are unemployed, that just is not the case.  The objection of the Senator from Kentucky also affected, as I mentioned, transportation across the United States. Federal reimbursement to States for highway and transit projects, on the order of hundreds of millions of dollars each day, is stopped because of Senator Bunning's objection, forcing halts in construction work and layoffs of construction workers in the middle of the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression.  Today, the Secretary of Transportation, Ray LaHood, called to tell me of the need for an urgent response to get these people back to work so they can inspect projects and folks working for contractors and working acrossAmerica can get back to work. They are stopped cold, dead in their tracks because of the objection by the Senator from Kentucky.  Now he wants to let this go on a little further--amend this bill; let's send it over to the House; let's see if they accept it; maybe they won't; maybe there will be a conference; maybe in a few days or a few weeks we can get it done. It is a 30-day extension, and it defeats its purpose if we accept this amendment and delay it because of those possibilities. He can no more guarantee that it will not happen than I can guarantee that it will, but why do we want to create that uncertainty for people who have been facing this uncertainty?  The objection of the Senator from Kentucky also stopped Small Business Administration assistance to small businesses in Illinois and Kentucky as well. The SBA has an outstanding loan waiting list from small businesses totaling $140 million. Because of Senator Bunning's objection, 3,000 small businesses this month will be denied access to loans they need to run their businesses, to pay their employees, and to create new jobs. In the middle of a recession, can we think of a worse thing to do than to cut off small businesses?  It did not have to happen. If Senator Bunning would have taken the offer he had last week from the majority leader and offered this amendment last week, we could have avoided all of this. A week later, he has decided: All right, I will take the offer. But a lot of people have paid the price in the meantime.  We will not stop until we have provided the assistance that unemployed Americans need, that families in Illinois and Kentucky and across America desperately want us to bring. Eventually, we will prevail and we will care for those who are struggling.  In the meantime, I urge my colleagues, please do not support the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky. It is, unfortunately, a way to delay this critically needed assistance even further.  I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  Madam President, before I do, I ask unanimous consent that the last 5 minutes on the Democratic side be reserved for the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Baucus.  