President, I come to the floor this afternoon, in the presence of Senator Coburn of Oklahoma and Senator Harkin of Iowa, to discuss an issue I have worked on literally for my entire congressional career--food safety. This is an issue which has haunted me since my days in the House of Representatives when I received a letter from a woman in Chicago, far outside of my central Illinois congressional district, who told me the story of her 6-year-old son Alex. She brought home a pound of hamburger from the local grocery store and fed it to her son, and he was dead 3 days later from food contamination that led to a very painful, horrible death which has haunted her to this day. Her name is Nancy Donnelly. She has focused her life on making food safety laws better in America. I have joined her in that effort. I was inspired by her tragedy and by the many people who came to me and explained how they had been through similar circumstances.  For almost 20 years now, I have been taking on this issue. I have tried from the very beginning to bring to the attention of Members of Congress the fact that there are at least 12 differentfood safety agencies in our Federal Government. When we look to the origin of these, the U.S. Department of Agriculture got started because Upton Sinclair wrote ``The Jungle,'' which told about the horrible circumstances in the packinghouses of Chicago. That novel led Congress to pass the first food safety law with the U.S. Department of Agriculture as the lead. Over the years, the Food and Drug Administration expanded its role in this area, and many other agencies did as well.  I have always argued that we need better coordination. In fact, we need one single food safety agency that uses science and tries to reach new efficiencies by avoiding overlap in deciding what is the safest approach to food in America. I haven't had much luck. Rarely do I find a bipartisan cosponsor, find anybody who will join me in this effort. But I understand the Senator from Oklahoma said yesterday he is interested in it, and I welcome him to be part of this conversation. I want to see the day when we have a single food safety agency that gets the job done in a professional way.  What do we do before then? Knowing that this will take some time, and it has taken time already, what do we do? I think we should clearly look at the weaknesses in the current food safety system and address them directly.  If I said to the Presiding Officer, before he was in the Senate and before he became conversant with most of the laws of the land, if I asked, do you believe there is a Federal law which allows the Federal Government a mandatory recall of contaminated, deadly food products on the shelves of America, he would say, of course, that is why we have food safety agencies. The answer is no, there is no such law. The government has no power to recall deadly and contaminated food products on shelves across America--amazing, but it is a fact. This bill we are trying to call before the Senate will give the government the power to recall deadly food. That is a major step forward. If we did nothing else in this bill, it is a major step forward.  The bill also gives the Food and Drug Administration the authority to expand their inspections, not just here in the United States, where there is plenty to be done--we are seeing an FDA inspector once a year as a novelty--but overseas, where there is literally no inspection. As foods come in from all over the world, we don't know the standards they are using. Unfortunately, our people are vulnerable as a result.  Should we have mandatory recall? Should we have more inspections? Absolutely. I think that is a must to make sure we don't run into the tragedies we have seen repeated over and over again. Hardly a week goes by that there isn't some new food tragedy--peanut butter, spinach, tomatoes, eggs. People get sick--and some die--week after week, month after month. So the question is, Will we do something about it?  I went to Senator Harkin, chairman of the committee, and asked him to lead, with Senator Enzi, his Republican counterpart, in a reform bill that will make this system better, really fill in some of the gaps, move us forward. He took that challenge and handled it very professionally and very quickly. In fact, we have 19 Senators, Democrats and Republicans, in a bipartisan effort, after hearings in his committee, after markup in his committee, bringing this bill to the floor.  For the first time since I have been engaged in this debate, we have the support not only of consumer groups, which we would expect, we have the support of the industry--the food processors, the grocery manufacturers. Why? Because they understand that once we lose confidence in our food supply, it hurts them as businesspeople.  So here we are, a moment, an opportunity we have worked for for years--literally years--a bill we have been working on for months in a bipartisan fashion, and all we are asking for is a chance to bring it to the floor. That is all. Bring it to the floor, entertain amendments, debate it, deliberate, and vote. People who come and visit Washington think that is what the Senate does, right? An important issue, a life-and-death issue for families, something we all care about when we put food on the table--thank goodness the Senate is finally going to take up something that affects their lives, and it is going to do it in a professional, bipartisan way. Thank goodness all the games are over.  No. Welcome to the U.S. Senate. When we bring the matter to the floor and ask for a chance to debate and deliberate it, 1 Senator, who is on the floor today, says no--not 99 Senators, 1 Senator says no.  We said to the Senator: If you object to the bill, you can vote against it.  He said: Not good enough.  We said to the Senator: If you want to offer an amendment to this bill, offer an amendment.  Not good enough. He says: No, I don't want the Senate to take up this bill and debate it. I don't want them to vote on this bill. I want this bill to die right now. I don't want it to go forward.  From my point of view, we are all entitled to our opinion. We are all entitled to our political position. In the Senate, one is entitled to speak their mind. In the Senate, one is entitled to debate and deliberate, to offer an amendment and have a vote. But at the end of the day, if there is any fairness in this body, the majority will decide what goes forward.  In this case, one Senator has said no. Nineteen Senators, Democrats and Republicans together, are not enough, putting this together after the years of work that have gone into it. It is not enough. That troubles me because I think this issue is a life-or-death issue. This morning's Washington Post talked about what has happened to unsuspecting people across America who ate the contaminated eggs. Think about it. Eggs are supposed to be wholesome and nutritious and good for you, but thousands of these eggs contaminated with salmonella, sold across America, have made people sick, and for some their lives will be compromised forever.  I would think that when we consider the medical problems which will be created if we stop this debate, when we think of the victims across America of food contamination, for goodness' sake, shouldn't we err on the side of moving forward? Who argues against a mandatory recall of contaminated food from shelves across America? Who argues against giving the Food and Drug Administration the power to move forward to make sure there are more inspections done on a scientific basis? That, to me, is basic.  When a customer goes into a store across America, they assume something: They assume the government is involved in this decision, that somebody, somewhere took a look at what they are about to buy and said it is safe to sell it in America. I have to tell you, in most instances, they are mistaken. The inspections are not frequent enough. The inspections, sadly, do not take place in many instances.  Well, the argument on the other side is, come on, Senator, everybody can dream up a new way to spend money. You have dreamed up a new way to spend money. You want to have more inspections. You want to send inspectors out to make sure our food is safe. Well, great. I can think up a way to spend money too. The argument is, if you are going to spend money and add to our deficit, the answer is no, no matter what you say, or you have to come up with some way to pay for it now.  What I have to remind the Senator from Oklahoma--and he and I have had this debate over and over--this is an authorization bill. It does not spend money. In order to spend the money, you have to go through an appropriations bill that actually spends it. In other words, you are given a finite amount of money and you decide: What is a priority? I think this is a priority. Something else may not be funded. This should be funded. It is an authorization bill.  What about the cost of this bill? How do we put the cost of this bill in comparison to some other issues? Modernizing the food safety system of America costs us $280 million a year. That is less than $1 for every American. Providing tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America: $400 billion a year. That is Senator McConnell's plan to extend the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy. So $400 billion unpaid for, adding to the deficit, versus $280 million to protect families from contaminated food.  Let's take a look at what happens when you do not spend the money andhave the inspection. In 2006, an E. coli outbreak cost spinach growers across America $350 million in 1 year. That means that industry lost $70 million more than the entire cost of food safety inspection in the bill for 1 year. Would those growers rather have seen people not be victimized by a contaminated product and not seen their own operations destroyed for an inspection? I think they would have. They are not the only ones. In 2008, the salmonella outbreak linked first to tomatoes and then to peppers cost the Florida tomato industry over $500 million. In a single year, tomato and pepper growers lost nearly twice as much as this food safety bill costs. Doing nothing is not only cruel to the unsuspecting customers and consumers across America, it is devastating to the food industry. That is why they support this bill. They understand they would rather be subject to inspection so the consumers have more confidence in their product and they do not run the risk of having their livelihood devastated by a food contamination outbreak.  The cost of doing nothing can also be measured in lost quality of life. Each year, 76 million Americans suffer from a preventable foodborne illness. For some of them, it is an upset stomach or diarrhea, but for others it is more; 325,000 people are hospitalized, accumulating large medical bills, each year, and 5,000 people pay for food contamination with their lives. That is the reality of what they face.  I know I take this bill personally because of the fact that I have come to know some of the people who are involved in food contamination. I want to show you the photos of just two people before I propound a unanimous consent request and turn this over to my colleague from Iowa.  Marry Ann, shown in this photograph I have in the Chamber--this lovely lady--is an 80-year-old grandmother who contracted E. coli from spinach just before she left to meet with her family at the park for a Labor Day gathering. She is from Mendota, IL, a small town near my hometown. She is alive today, thank God, but the kidney failure, violent vomiting, and uncontrollable diarrhea are constant reminders that her quality of life will never be the same. She is 80 years old, and she struggles now to get by every day because of food contamination. She is standing with us in this fight to improve our food safety system so that no one else has to endure what she has been through.  Now I would like to introduce you to a young man. I hope I do not mispronounce the name of his hometown. Senator Coburn will know it better than I. His name is Richard, and he is from Owasso, OK. At age 15, Richard joined the unfortunate ranks of foodborne illness victims. After he returned home from a camping trip, Richard began experiencing headaches, diarrhea, and his urine turned black. He was later diagnosed with E. coli contamination For 8 years, Richard has endured pain and suffering because of it--migraine headaches, dry heaving, high blood pressure, and, after a series of dialysis treatments, kidney failure--kidney failure. Last year, Richard was having a kidney transplant while the House was debating and passing the food safety bill.  Richard and his mother Christine are following this food safety debate because of their own family experience. They are following it from Richard's hospital room. Days ago, Richard was moved to the intensive care unit due to swelling in his brain and his inability to speak.  On the day the Senator from Oklahoma was informing the press of his objections to the food safety bill, Christine, Richard's mom, was making an airline reservation and making her way back to her son's hospital bed in Oklahoma. When Christine learned that her home State Senator was blocking food safety reform because of the cost, she immediately thought about the hundreds of thousands of dollars her middle-class family has spent on Richard's medical care.  On behalf of her son, Christine stands with 89 percent of the American people who want Senator Coburn to stop blocking this food safety bill. She said she has a simple question:       As the Senate is debating on S 510, I am taking an      emergency flight to the hospital to be with my son. He's been      admitted again with complications stemming from his E. coli      infection. We can delay this legislation no more.  She writes:       Something must be done. The time is now. How many more      victims must there be?  That is the critical question.  Is this a perfect bill? As I have said before and will say again, the only perfect legislation that I am aware of was tapped out on stone tablets and carried down a mountain by ``Senator Moses.'' We can improve this bill. We can entertain amendments that may improve this bill. But to stop us in our tracks and tell us we cannot even debate it or deliberate it while the Senate sits empty doing nothing is inexcusable while people are suffering and dying across America.  We have a bill that has the support of the industry and the consumers. We have come forward to this point. We cannot turn back.  That is why, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, at a time to be determined by the majority leader, following consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 247, S. 510, the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, and that when the bill is considered, it be under the following limitations: that general debate on the bill be limited to 2 hours, equally divided and controlled between Senators Harkin and Enzi or their designees; that the only amendments in order other than the committee-reported substitute be those listed in this agreement, with debate on each of the listed amendments limited to 30 minutes, with the time equally divided and controlled in the usual form; further, that when any of the listed amendments are offered for consideration, the reading of the amendments be considered waived and the amendments not be subject to division; Harkin-Enzi substitute amendment; Tester amendment regarding small farms and facilities; Harkin-Enzi amendment in reference to technical and conforming changes; and that once offered, the technical amendment be considered and agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; Coburn amendment in reference to offset for the cost of the bill; Feinstein amendment in reference to BPA; Leahy amendment in reference to criminal penalties; that upon disposition of the listed amendments up or down and the use or yielding back of all time, the Harkin-Enzi substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, the committee-reported substitute amendment, as amended, be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time, and the Senate then proceed to vote on passage of the bill.  