President, Chicago has its cold days, and icy sidewalks in the winter. But this year's winter proved to be the right opportunity for the perfect conditions for Illinois' most recently acclaimed sons and daughters, the Chicago Blackhawks hockey team, which won the Stanley Cup last night in Philadelphia.  The city of Chicago and State of Illinois have some of the best sports fans in America, particularly when it comes to hockey. Last night the fans received their reward as they watched Towes, the youngest captain in the National Hockey League at age 22, hoist the Stanley Cup over his head as the team ended a 49-year drought and again became the National Hockey League champions; 49 years, and now champions again.  It gives us Cubs fans hope. The fight song of the team begins, ``Here come the hawks, the mighty Blackhawks.'' The team lived up to that song last night as they defeated the Philadelphia Flyers and in a hard-fought game in overtime in the sixth game of the series. An amazing end to a great season. Just over 4 minutes and 6 seconds into the overtime, 2010 Olympian Patrick Kane scored with an amazing shot you have to see to believe. His efforts were matched by goals from teammates Dustin Byfuglien, Patrick Sharp, Andrew Ladd, and 21 saves by the fabulous goal tender Antti Niemi.  The last time the Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup was 1961. John Kennedy was President. They also won that cup in six games with the assistance of hockey legends Bobby Hull, Stan Mikita, and Murray Balfour. Who can forget those legendary players?  This is the fourth Stanley Cup win for a team with a rich hockey history that began in 1926. Today we celebrate the players who will be tomorrow's legends. This achievement was not achieved without the hard work and determination on the part of the team, the front office, and those incredible players.  I congratulate their coach, Joel Quenneville, on his unbelievable 2-year run in leading the team to victory; also to team president John McDonough who brought new life to the Chicago Blackhawks, and the city of Chicago, and owner Rocky Wirtz, maybe the only major sports owner in America who is cheered wildly whenever his name is mentioned at a game. He assembled a strong office team that developed the Blackhawks into champions. This victory was the result of the exceptional gamesmanship of all of the players and all of the work from the staff and the assistance and encouragement from owners and fans.  I congratulate all of them for this remarkable achievement. I am proud to have the Blackhawks in my State of Illinois. Illinois sports fans have developed patience when it comes to their teams, and truly great things can come to those who wait.  With two Illinois teams earning national championships in 5 years--that is the Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Blackhawks--our fans can celebrate the recent triumphs and hope for many years to come.  Now I have a resolution that I have sent to the desk. It is working its way through the Senate, and we are hopeful that before the end of this session, with the bipartisan cooperation of cheering for these new Stanley Cup champions, we will be able to enact this resolution and send it off so tomorrow's victory parade and rally will be complete. I know they are waiting anxiously for the receipt of the Senate resolution. So I hope we can get this done this evening.  