The Defense Department's fiscal year 2010-2012 strategic plan for the defense of America specifically includes the DREAM Act as a means of meeting the strategic goal of shaping and maintaining a mission-ready, all-volunteer force.  In 2007, the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense at that time said the DREAM Act is very appealing because it would apply to the cream of the crop of students and be good for readiness. Over and over again, the Department of Defense has told us this is an opportunity for young people to serve your Nation, for America to be a safer place.  I wish to relate to my friend, the Senator from Nevada, a story I told him earlier. This young man came this morning to the U.S. Capitol from the city of New York. I say to the Presiding Officer, he lives in Brooklyn. His name is Cesar Vargas. Cesar Vargas came to the United States at the age of 5, brought here by his mom and dad from Mexico. He graduated from the regular public schools of New York and then went on to graduate from college. It was more difficult for him because he is undocumented. So he couldn't get any Federal aid to education--no Pell grants, no Federal student loans. But he made it and he graduated. He said to us this morning that after 9/11, because of his deep commitment to America, he tried to enlist in the Marine Corps. He said: I wanted to defend this country after we had been attacked by terrorists. He not only tried the Marine Corps, but he tried other branches as well and repeatedly he was turned down because Cesar Vargas is undocumented.  But his dream has not died. Now he is a third-year student at the City University of New York Law School. He speaks four languages. He said he is studying a fifth--Cantonese. He is an exceptionally gifted young man. Do you know what his ambition is? Once again, to join the Marine Corps--to be in the Judge Advocate General Corps to serve America, a country he dearly loves.  Because of this Republican decision--a procedural decision that says we can't consider the DREAM Act--we will not have a chance to vote on this important measure which would give Cesar Vargas and those like him a chance to volunteer to serve America. I would say to my friends and colleagues on both sides of the aisle, where is the justice in this decision? At least have the courage to let us bring this matter to the floor and stand and vote no. But to hide behind this procedural ruse--this unanimous consent request--is totally unfair. It is inconsistent with the spirit and the history of this Chamber, where we deliberate and debate and vote. But they ran and they hid behind this procedural decision.  