President, I just listened to the Senator from Arizona, who is my friend and whom I respect. I cannot remember how many pages were in the McCain-Feingold bill. I voted for it. I believed in it. I did not count the pages. I thought he was on the right track to change campaign financing in America. It was a bipartisan bill, and I supported it.  Has that now become the measure in the Senate--we will count the pages, and if it goes over 1,000 pages, we are not going to pass the bill? I hope not because this bill, the underlying bill on health care reform, to make it more affordable and more accountable, took onone of the major industries in America, where the cost of health insurance has gone up 10, 15, 20 percent a year.  We know the health insurance industry and the companies behind it are not going to go down without a fight. They are going to hire the lawyers and the lobbyists--and they did--to fight the passage of the bill and to fight its implementation in court and everyplace you turn because what is at stake is their money, their profit. What is at stake is the way they do business, and they know it. So when this administration writes the rules and regulations to make sure that when we are challenged in court, this is going to stand up under the law, it is the reasonable thing to do, and I think even the Senator from Arizona would acknowledge it.  Now, I know the Senator from Wyoming does not feel this way because he told me personally this morning that he does not favor repeal of the bill. I do not know what the position of the Senator from Arizona is. But I would say to those who want to repeal the health care bill that the President signed into law, this is what they want to repeal. They want to repeal the consumer protections which we have finally put into the law which say the health insurance companies cannot cancel your coverage when you need it the most. They cannot deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition. They cannot deny to children under the age of 18 coverage under health insurance for a preexisting condition. They cannot deny to you the right to keep your kids under your health insurance policy, your family's policy, until they reach the age of 26.  In that bill was also a new deduction for the cost of health insurance for small businesses so they can afford to find health insurance for the owners and the employees of the businesses. In this bill was closing the doughnut hole on the Medicare prescription Part D, sending a $250 check to the seniors who needed it this year and increasing that amount over the year and still not adding to the deficit overall with this bill. That is what they want to repeal.  Well, I am not going to stand before you and tell you that the bill we voted for was a perfect law. The only perfect law I am aware of was carved in stone tablets and carried down a mountain by Senator Moses. All the other bills that have been passed are going to need some changes over the years. But the change the Senator from Wyoming brings to the floor is a bad change--a bad change--because what he wants to do is empower the health insurance companies to increase the amount of money Americans pay for their coverage. That is it. Give them more protection so they can raise costs.  The Senator from Wyoming said we should not be embarrassed to say these companies are in business for a profit. I understand that. But this underlying bill limits the profits of the company and says that 80 percent of the premiums they collect need to be spent on health care. That leaves them 20 percent for their bonuses, for their salaries, whatever they want. But we want to make sure people across America have a fighting chance to have health insurance protection when they absolutely need it the most.  I see my colleague on the floor, the Senator from South Dakota. He and I had an unexpected experience in the month of August. We were both in a hospital for surgery. Lucky for us, Senator Johnson and Senator Durbin--and also the Senators on the other side of the aisle--are protected by the best health insurance in America. Shouldn't the people of this country have that same kind of peace of mind so that when they need medical care, even expensive medical care, their health insurance is there to protect them?  All of the people standing on the floor railing against government-administered health care are covered by government-administered health care. Our health insurance plans in Congress are administered by the Federal Government, and not a single Senator on the other side of the aisle has said: In principle, I am going to give up my health insurance to show you how much I hate government-administered health care. They have not done it because the plans are too darn good. We want to give every American the same peace of mind Members of Congress have.  We have to defeat the Enzi approach today. It empowers health insurance companies at the expense of people who need health insurance when they face a diagnosis, a surgery, a cancer treatment that could literally bankrupt their family unless they have health insurance protection. I urge my colleagues to oppose Senator Enzi's effort on the Senate floor today.  