President, last night, Chicago and America lost a hero. Ron Santo was a Chicago Cubs legend and an inspiration to anyone who has ever faced a tough, uphill battle in life.  During his 15-year career with the Cubs, Ron Santo batted .277 with 342 home runs and 1,331 RBIs. He was a nine-time All Star and a five-time National League Gold Glove winner. In each of four seasons, he batted .300, drove in 100 runs, and led the league in walks.  What the public didn't know for most of his career is that he lived every day with a life-threatening illness.  Ron Santo hid his diagnosis from the public for 10 years. He said he didn't want anybody to feel sorry for him. He didn't want to be held to a different standard. He wanted to be judged the same way every other ballplayer is judged--by the numbers. By that standard, Ron Santo earned his spot among the greats.  We can't know how much better he might have been if he hadn't suffered from diabetes, in an era that suppressed the long ball or maybe for a team that, God bless them, never once saw postseason action, but it doesn't matter. Simply put, Ron was the best third baseman in Cubs history and maybe in the game.  The last decade in Ron's life brought challenges that would have sidelined many others. In 2001, Ron lost the lower portions of both legs to diabetes. He earlier survived a bout of cancer and endured more than two dozen surgeries. In his later years he walked on prosthetic legs that slowed his gait but not his dedication to the Cubs or his work for the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation where he served on the board of directors.  On October 3, as he had for the last 32 years, he hosted the annual Ron Santo Walk to Cure Diabetes in Chicago to raise awareness and funding for research into a cure.  Baseball may one day see a third baseman with the playing skills of Ron Santo, but it is hard to imagine that we will ever again see a ballplayer with greater love or loyalty for a city, its team, and its fans.  His broadcast partner, Pat Hughes, was quoted this morning saying: ``Ron Santo absolutely loved the Cubs. The Cubs have lost their biggest fan.''  But Ron Santo's love affair with the Cubs started at an early age. Born in Seattle, he watched the Game of the Week on TV and remembers a game from Wrigley Field with Ernie Banks. He said there was something about that ballpark and the Cubs fans.  When it came time to sign up, this great prospective ballplayer was offered a lot of money by a lot of clubs, but he wanted to be a Chicago Cub. He could have made a lot more money at the end of his career as well by leaving Chicago. Instead, in 1974, Ron Santo became the first player to invoke his privilege under the league's ``5-and-10 rule,'' declining a trade to the California Angels because he wanted to finish his career in Chicago. That kind of dedication to a team and its fans is something you hardly ever see anymore. It is something I remember fondly from my youth, and I will bet the Presiding Officer does too.  Since 1990, Ron Santo lived out his love for the Cubs as commentator in the booth, providing color commentary on WGN Radio Cubs broadcasts. Sports Illustrated writer Rick Reilly described Ron's commentary this way. He said Ron Santo ``loves them Cubs like the Pooh Bear loves honey. He does not call a game, he lives it. He cheers so much that it sounds like his play-by-play partner Pat Hughes is broadcasting from Murphy's Bar.''  In the words of broadcaster Pat Hughes, he ``never had a better partner.''  Ron Santo's boisterous 7th inning stretch renditions of ``Take Me Out to the Ball Game'' at Wrigley Field, a tradition that he carried on after the passing of Cubs legend Harry Caray, could make anyone smile--maybe even a White Sox fan.  One other thing that I always thought was interesting. They used to joke about it. I was fortunate to be invited to go up to the broadcast booth at Wrigley Field. What a treat for a baseball fan to be up there with Ron Santo and Pat Hughes and to do an inning. I mean, if there is any psychic reward with this great job, it is that. I would study up on all the stats and all the ballplayers' names and what happened in the preceding week and think about who is coming and I would be all loaded up, and here is Ron Santo.  At this point it is instinctive. He is announcing a game and talking to people and getting ready for the next commercial and all of these things are going on, and they were kidding him constantly. There was one ongoing joke that I never knew the origin of, and it wasn't until they started writing these articles about his life that it finally came out. It seems that there was an incident that occurred on opening day in the year 2003. Ron Santo, for all his great qualities, didn't believe that an expensive toupee was necessarily worth the money. So he wore a toupee that clearly was a bargain. His toupee caught fire in the Shea Stadium press box in New York on opening day 2003 after he got too close to an overhead space heater. They kidded him about that for the next 6 years. What a good-natured man he was, to take that kidding and to just go on and say: Let's get back to the game--typical of a great fellow with a great sense of humor who doesn't take himself too seriously.  Ron Santo was considered for entry into Major League Baseball's Hall of Fame an astonishing 19 times. The last time was 2008. Sadly--wrongly, in my view--he never made it to Cooperstown. But he took that disappointmentthe same way he took so many other bad breaks in life, with dignity and grace.  In September 2003, the Cubs retired Ron Santo's number, 10. It now hangs at Wrigley Field along with the numbers of former teammates Billy Williams and Ernie Banks. Ron Santo famously said that day: ``This is my Hall of Fame--Wrigley Field.''  But ``This Old Cub'' deserved more. Like his fellow Cubs whose retired numbers also hang proudly on Wrigley Field foul poles, Ron Santo should have been in the National Baseball Hall of Fame. That he never made it is the only regret he could have had about his career.  Ron Santo was a ballplayer who lived large, played through unimaginable pain, broadcast the game with all his heart, and left an indelible mark on Cubs fans everywhere. Whether he was staring down an opposing pitcher or staring down diabetes, he gave it his all every day. The Cubs, Chicago, and America will miss Ron Santo.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  