Tom Faletti is one of the most decent, honest, and caring persons I have ever known. Tom came to work for me 24 years ago, when I was an unknown second-term Congressman from downstate Illinois and he was a 20-something idealist with a master's degree in public policy and a determination to change the world. We have been a team for 24 years.  Now Tom is preparing to leave Capitol Hill for a new career--not to cash in as a K Street lobbyist but to work at an inner-city high school as a teacher. I know he is going to be an excellent teacher because I know how much he has taught me about how to turn noble ideas into good laws. Among the legislative accomplishments of which I am most proud, almost all of them bear Tom's fingerprints.  Tom Faletti is a quiet, effective person, who has achieved more than many of the most celebrated on Capitol Hill. He is a profoundly good person, too--deeply spiritual, with a deep devotion to his faith, and he is a remarkably patient man. How else could he have survived 24 years with me? One of his greatest personal qualities is his persistence. He has great staying power, and when you consider that many of the historic bills he has worked on require that kind of patience, you understand that is the key to his success.  Tom Faletti grew up in Antioch, CA, about an hour east of San Francisco. He was one of six kids, all boys. His father worked in the accounting department of a steel mill. His mom was mostly a stay-at-home mom who sometimes did child care to help make ends meet. He grew up in a neighborhood surrounded by aunts, uncles, cousins, and grandparents, all living within blocks of each other. It was the Faletti equivalent to Hyannis Port. He met his wife Sonia in the freshman dorm at Stanford University and they have been inseparable ever since. In fact, July 26 was their 30th wedding anniversary.  After earning his master's degree from Berkeley, Tom turned down some good job offers in California because the issues he cared most about, such as ending poverty and hunger, were national issues. He asked his Congressman and my good friend George Miller for advice on how to get a job in Washington. George Miller replied: You have to be there. So, in 1986, Tom and Sonia packed their belongings and drove across America in their 1978 blue Ford Fairmont. On the way they stopped in Chicago to see the Cubs beat Tom's favorite San Francisco Giants at Wrigley Field--the only time, until then, Tom had ever set foot in my State of Illinois.  Both Sonia and Tom arrived in DC without a job. Within a week, Sonia--who Tom will concede is the much more talented of the two--landed a job as a teacher. Tom had two interviews with both the U.S. Catholic Conference and Bread for the World. Both of them liked his resume but told him: Tom, you need some Hill experience.  Fortunately for me and the people of my State, Tom heard through a friend of a friend that this fledgling Congressman was looking for a part-time legislative correspondent. Well, my office offered him a job, trying to get rid of the growing backlog of mail in my congressional office. We told him we just had enough money to pay him for 3 months, and we weren't sure what would happen after that. But 3 months later, Tom Faletti turned a routine legislative correspondence assignment into proof positive of his potential. We promoted him to a legislative assistant position handling agricultural issues--not necessarily his forte, but I learned then and have learned ever since you can hand Tom Faletti any assignment and, in a short period of time, he will become a resident expert.  Two years later, the position of health care adviser opened on my staff. Tom jumped at the chance and a real legislative partnership began. Tom's tireless and meticulous work on health care reform and tobacco control has literally saved lives in America. Tom helped to draft the bill which I am so proud of, in which we banned smoking on all domestic airline flights more than 25 years ago.  Neither Tom nor I realized at that moment that that bill was a tipping point. 