      Federal unemployment benefits began to expire nearly a      month ago. Since then, 1.2 million jobless workers have been      cut off. The House passed a six-month extension as part of a      broader spending bill in May, but the Senate, despite three      attempts, has not been able to pass a similar bill. The      majority leader, Harry Reid, said he was ready to give up      after the third try last week when all of the Senate's      Republicans and a lone Democrat, Ben Nelson of Nebraska,      blocked the bill.       Meanwhile, the states face a collective budget hole of some      $112 billion, but neither the House nor the Senate has a plan      to help. The House stripped a provision for $24 billion in      state fiscal aid from its earlier spending bill. The Senate      included state aid in its ill-fated bill to extend      unemployment benefits; when that bill failed, the promise of      aid vanished as well.       As a result, 30 states that had counted on the money to      help balance their budgets will be forced to raise taxes even      higher and to cut spending even deeper in the budget year      that begins on July 1. That will only worsen unemployment,      both among government workers and the states' private      contractors. Worsening unemployment means slower growth, or      worse, renewed recession.  I might add a comment here. This morning's newspapers, the Washington Post and the New York Times, at least the ones I have seen, and the Chicago papers as well, question what the reaction of our economy is going to be. They looked at the stock market yesterday. One day does not make a trend, but there is a growing concern that we are sliding back into a recession because of the failure of Republicans to support not only the President's stimulus package but also to send unemployment benefits to those needy people across America. This is a repeat, unfortunately, of a chapter in American history when after the Great Depression, President Roosevelt initiated the New Deal and injected into our economy massive amounts of money to create jobs so people would go to work, earn a paycheck, and spend it for goods and services, breathing life back into a dying economy, trying to turn it around. After 4 years of that effort, President Roosevelt, at the urging of more conservative political leaders, said: We better start focusing now on the deficit. They started tapping the breaks on spending, and the unemployment rate shot up again, creating a follow-on to the Great Depression which was not relieved until the beginning of World War II.  Sadly, it appears we are about to repeat that historical mistake. We know Republicans continue to argue that because of our deficit, we should not worry about the recession or spending money to stimulate the creation of jobs. The money we send out to unemployed people is turned around immediately into the economy. These people are living hand to mouth. Every dollar they receive is spent. As it is spent at a business, it creates business profits and small business jobs. One thing leads to another as the multiplier takes that dollar, respends it many times in our economy and breathes life back into an economy which has been fraught with a recession. That is the reality of the need today. The failure to meet that need will guarantee the deficit continues and gets worse. It will be a self-fulfilling prophecy as Republicans turn down unemployment benefits, arguing that we can't afford it as a nation because of the deficit and, as a result, drive up unemployment in the country, driving up the very deficits they say they want to end. It is a lesson of history. Those who ignore history are likely and condemned to repeat it.  Returning to this New York Times editorial:       So if lawmakers are wondering why consumer confidence and      the stock market are tanking (the Standard & Poor's 500-stock      index hit a new low for the year on Tuesday), they need look      no further than a mirror.       The situation cries out for policies to support economic      growth--specifically jobless benefits and fiscal aid to      states. But instead of delivering, Congressional Republicans      and many Democrats have been asserting that the nation must      act instead to cut the deficit. The debate has little to do      with economic reality and everything to do with political      posturing. A lot of lawmakers have concluded that the best      way to keep their jobs is to pander to the nation's new      populist mood and play off the fears of the very Americans      whose economic well-being Congress is threatening.       Deficits matter, but not more than economic recovery, and      not more urgently than the economic survival of millions of      Americans. A sane approach would couple near-term federal      spending with a credible plan for deficit reduction--a mix of      tax increases and spending cuts--as the economic recovery      takes hold.  This New York City editorial summarizes what I consider the situation. In a short period of time, after the memorial to our fallen colleague Senator Byrd, who served this Nation and West Virginia so well, we will probably have one vote tomorrow evening and then head back to our homes. For many people it will be a time of relaxation with family. For many Senators it is a rest that is needed after a lot of days spent in session in the Senate. As we return, in my home State, 80,000 families won't be celebrating the Fourth of July. They will be wondering how they are going to pay their utility bills and feed their families. For the rest of us who live in comfort, full-time employment, it may be a world removed. But for them, it is the world of reality they face every single day. Their life has become more complicated, and their burden is heavier because this Senate has failed to extend unemployment benefits.  Mr. President, 1.2 million Americans in the month of June will lose their unemployment benefits because not one single Republican would vote to help Americans who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own. Where they would find permission to spend money on so many other things, when it comes to investing in American families who have fallen on hard times, they turn a deaf ear. That, to me, is sad and unfortunate. We need to address many issues in this Congress. It troubles me that we would consider going home for anything near a holiday or a relief from our Senate duties and ignore the burdens facing Americans who are in unemployed status or who have trouble in their families because of this weak economy.  I sincerely hope a handful--three or four Republicans--will consider voting for unemployment benefits for those across America who are out of work. We come to the aid of the American family when people are in need. When there is a natural disaster, we are there. This is an economic disaster. It requires an emergency response. We should not leave Washington without dealing with it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of New Mexico). The Senator from Alaska is recognized.  