President, I have listened carefully to the remarks of the Senator from Nevada, and I respect him, although I must disagree with him on several particulars.  When I look back at history, I see it differently. What I see is a Great Depression facing America that led to record unemployment, business failures, farm failures--one of the worst economic conditions faced by America in modern times.  The election of Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1932 and his ascension to office in 1933 ushered in a new approach, an approach that was called the New Deal. That basically said: We are going to take control of the situation. We are going to stand behind your deposits in the bank to make sure you don't lose them. If the bank fails, you won't be broke--the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. We are going to put the watchdogs on Wall Street to make sure people don't do things there that are basically, if not illegal, unwise, and so we are going to make certain we have good business practices there. We are going to stand behind the farmers. Before we let them lose their farms, we are going to try to get them through a difficult year so they can be there to fight again. We are actually going to create jobs across America. First, for those who are working, we are going to create the minimum wage so that people know they can get a basic salary to live on. And for those who couldn't find work in the private sector, Franklin Roosevelt said: We will create WPA jobs and other jobs across America building things that will serve us for generations to come.  The New Deal was launched, and not long after it was launched, voices similar to ones we have heard this evening came forward and said: Wait a minute, we are spending money we don't have. We are going into debt as a nation.  Those voices started to prevail. So Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal started to back off. They backed off the stimulus to the American economy, and the unemployment rate, which had gone down from over 20 percent to 13 or 14 percent, went back up again to 19 percent and languished because, with the lack of stimulus into the economy, America was not getting well and strong.  Then something came along which the Senator from Nevada failed to mention. He spoke about how government spending really doesn't invigorate an economy. I would suggest to him that he left out one phrase in a speech I would like him to look up--World War II. When we went into that great war to stop Hitler, to stop the forces of nazism and fascism across America, we mobilized this country and put it to work building the war machine. Great sacrifices for families across America--Rosie the Riveter. Mom went to work because Dad was off fighting the war. Everybody pitched in. We went in debt as a nation, but we won that war and came out of it with a strong, thriving economy, one of the strongest in the world. So to argue that government spending--which there was a lot of during World War II--didn't have anything to do with economic stimulus is to ignore the obvious. It did.  Let's fast-forward to where we are today and where we are tonight.  I see my colleague, the Senator from Rhode Island, is here. He has been chairman of the Joint Economic Committee, and he understands the economic conditions better than most of us who serve in the Senate. But I got a little insight into our economy by serving on the President's deficit commission for the last 10 months. We met week after week, month after month, and we talked about the state of the American economy and the debt of our Nation.  I came to the conclusion--which 11 out of the 18 members of the deficit commission agreed with--that the current situation is unsustainable. We are, in fact, borrowing 40 cents out of every dollar we spend. Whether that dollar is spent for a new missile system for the Pentagon or whether it is spent for food stamps for the poorest of the poor in America, we borrow 40 cents out of every dollar spent, and we borrow it from countries that are becoming our creditors, our mortgagors, countries such as China, the OPEC nations, Korea, Japan, and Saudi Arabia. They are the ones loaning us the money. Of course, it calls into question whether they think we are creditworthy. That is why we need to do something about our debt as we get more deeply into debt.  The Senator from Nevada talked about the state of the economy and the debt we are facing, but he failed to tell the whole story. I always say the story should begin with what the state of the economy was the day President William Jefferson Clinton left office. At that moment in time, the accumulated debt of America, from George Washington through President Clinton's 8 years, was $5 trillion. At that time, we were in surplus on our annual budgets, and President Clinton turned to incoming President George W. Bush and said: Next year, we project a $120 billion surplus for your budget, so we are leaving you in good shape, not with red ink but with black ink--a $5 trillion debt, $120 billion surplus in the coming year.  Eight years later, at the end of George W. Bush's administration, the national debt had grown from $5 trillion to $12 trillion--more than doubled in 8 years--and President George W. Bush said to incoming President Obama: I am not leaving you a surplus; I am leaving you a $1.2 trillion debt for the next year.  George W. Bush inherited a $120 billion surplus when he came to office, but he left behind a $1.2 trillion debt. How did we reach such a sorry state in a mere 8 years? President Bush was the first President in history to cut taxes in the midst of a war. It is counterintuitive, and he did it. He believed the economy would grow, and it didn't work. As a result, we got more deeply into debt. He gave tax cuts to the wealthiest in America, and they are the least likely, from an economic point of view, to invigorate our economy. And then he turned around and had several programs he signed into law that were totally unpaid for, just adding to our debt.  That is where we find ourselves today. That is where the deficit commission finds itself. So just a few weeks ago, we reported--11 out of 18 members voting--in favor of the deficit commission. Two weeks later, here I stand on the floor of the Senate, and we are considering a bill which will add $858 billion to the national debt. That isn't something we anticipated when the deficit commission labored for 10 months trying to figure out ways to cut $4 trillion out of the debt over 10 years. Here we are, 2 weeks later, adding this money to our debt.  I will tell you that I vote for it, and I do with a specific reason in mind. Ibelieve that unless we do something definitive and decisive, we are not going to come out of this recession as quickly as we should, more people will lose their jobs, and our debt will get worse. We need to stimulate and invigorate this economy.  I think President Obama was right 2 years ago when he had a stimulus package. I might remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that a third of it was tax cuts--which is their mantra in good times and bad--a third of it was tax cuts, a third was a safety net, and a third was basically designed to build the infrastructure of this country. I thought it was a good stimulus package, and I do believe it created millions of jobs or at least saved millions of jobs that would have been lost. The same holds true today. We need to invigorate this economy and move it forward. That is why I support this package.  Let me tell you something else. There are things in this tax package which will be voted on tonight or early tomorrow morning which I find awful and indefensible--two in particular. First, that we would extend tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America at this moment in our history I think is indefensible. Second, that we would segregate a small group of the wealthiest people in America and say we are going to give them blessed treatment when it comes to the estate tax they pay I think is mindless. It is not going to invigorate the economy. In the name of justice and fairness, these people, who have done well, should pay back some of it to the country that has allowed them their prosperity. Instead, the Republicans have insisted that the wealthiest of the wealthy in America should receive more.  This chart really tells you what is happening in this country, and it is a scary story--not just sad but scary. The accumulation of wealth for the richest 1 percent of the population in America--in 1976, the richest 1 percent of Americans had 8.9 percent of the wealth in America. In 1976, the top 1 percent had 8.9 percent. Now go to 2007. The top 1 percent population in America has 23\1/2\ percent of the wealth.  I don't begrudge anyone prosperity, wealth, and comfort, but they are getting wealthy at the expense of a society which is not providing for those in lower income categories. The people in lower and middle-income categories are falling further and further behind. That is why we cannot allow this tax cut that otherwise would have been reimposed as a tax increase on January 1 on them to occur. That is why I have swallowed hard and said I will vote for this package even though I think the breaks for the wealthy really can't be justified from an economic or justice viewpoint. I just don't think they can. But that is the reality we face.  I do want to say one thing before I yield to my friend from Rhode Island. Mark my words, write them down, put them away in a desk drawer, and pull them out April 1, and they are these: When the Obama administration comes to Congress and says, now that you have voted for additional tax cuts and spending, Members of Congress, you must now increase the debt ceiling of America because we need to borrow the money to cover what you voted for, including the vote that took place this December, which creates $858 billion more in debt, you will hear the other side of the aisle screaming, wailing, whining, and crying that there is no way they can vote to increase the debt ceiling of America. The same people who will have voted for this tax package increasing the debt of America by $858 billion will refuse to pay the check when it comes to the table after the dinner. They had the big banquet, they announced the tax cuts for the wealthy, but when the check comes to the table that says, incidentally, now we have to borrow that money, they are going to say: No way. We are fiscally conservative. We don't borrow money. No, but you spent it. And they have spent it either directly on spending or indirectly on tax cuts. That will come between April 1 and July 1.  I am sorry that as part of this tax package we do not have an increase in the debt ceiling. Those who are going to want to wave the banner of tax cuts and claim all the credit for tax cuts should also stand up and take their medicine because we are going to have to borrow the money to pay for it, and we will need their votes when it comes time to address the debt ceiling.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  