 Before I came to the Senate, I was a Member of the House of Representatives for 14 years, and I greatly enjoyed that experience. It was certainly an amazing change to come from the House to the Senate, to move from one congressional district to representing the entire State, to move from a 2-year term to a 6-year term, to move from 434 colleagues to 99 fellow colleagues. All of these things took some getting used to, plus the fact that, in the House, you were constricted on the use of time for speeches on the floor, and in the Senate, there is almost no limit. If you want to speak forever, I think the Senate rules will accommodate you.  Those changes all pale in comparison to the single biggest change I ran into here, and that was facing the secretary to the majority, Lula Johnson Davis. I knew that people throughout Capitol Hill on both the House and Senate sides at the staff level were extremely courteous, kind, and helpful. I found that throughout my career in the House, and I certainly found it in the Senate. But the good thing about Lula Davis was that she was respectful of Senators, but not deferential. She would be happy to tell you when she thought you had stepped out of line in what you were wearing, and what you were chewing, and what you might be using your microphone for, your conversations on the floor, and on and on. She did this in a way that first startled me, because I wasn't used to it in the House. There was nobody like Lula in the House of Representatives to keep you in line. She did it, and I came to not only like it but respect it so much, because I knew she was doing it not in any personal way but because of her love for the Senate.  They do a Roll Call survey about the most powerful staffers on Capitol Hill, and they rate them in four ways: know-how, muscle, spin control, and access. Lula always received the highest check marks in every category but one--spin control. That is about right. Lula Davis was never one to mince words in her role as secretary to the majority of the Senate. Tough, fair, insisting on the strict observance of Senate rules and protocols, she reflected love for this institution in all that she did for us.  The National Journal described her as ``an internally legendary staffer.'' That is true. In the 221-year history of the Senate, Lula Davis is only the second woman--and the first African American--ever to hold the position of secretary to the majority.  Her loyalty and devotion to this Senate are unmatched. She was the first one here in the morning and the last one to leave at night.  I know I speak for all Senators from the Democratic side and the Republican side, as well, in saying she is going to be missed. Unlike many, Lula Davis did not move to Washington to get involved in politics. She started her career as a high school teacher and guidance counselor. A friend told Lula about an opening in the office of her home State Senator, Russell Long, of Louisiana. She started her Hill career at the bottom, as a legislative correspondent, answering mail.  When Senator Long retired in 1989, Lula moved to the Democratic floor staff and worked her way up from the lowliest assistant position to become secretary to the majority.  As many hours as Lula devoted to the Senate, it is hard to believe that she had time for anything else. But she founded an organization called LeadershipCares, which tries to guide young people into successful lives by helping others who are less fortunate. Almost every class of pages on the Democratic side would tell a story about Lula, because she became not only their boss but their friend. She taught them a lot about life in their life experience here in the Senate.  I join my colleagues in wishing Lula the very best of luck as she begins the next chapter in life.  