President, FAA authorization expired in Octobeer of 2007.  For more than 2 years, we have been operating on short-term extensions.  I thank Chairman Rockefeller and Senators Hutchison, Dorgan and DeMint for working together to bring this bill to the floor.  The bill before us will improve the safety of air travel, modernize our air traffic control system, boost the economy and create thousands of jobs.  Senator Dorgan and Senator Rockefeller have had many hearings over the last few years on aviation but each hearing had one theme: safety.  This bill will improve safety by creating an Aviation Safety Whistleblower Investigation Office that can catch problems before they result in serious accidents.  The bill also requires the FAA Administrator to re-evaluate flight crew training and certification.  We also require FAA to establish safety standards for training programs for flight crew members and aircraft dispatchers.  Another key component of this bill is NextGen.  NextGen is the term we use to describe our transition to a more modern, satellite-based air traffic control system.  NextGen will give pilots and air traffic controllers the ability to ccurately pinpoint aircraft in the sky--to avoid problems, to monitor traffic, to move things more smoothly, safely and efficiently.  The FAA released its aviation forecast study last Tuesday.  Last year, we saw 704 million passengers carried on U.S. airlines. Soon, hose numbers will increase significantly. The FAA reports we will see more than 1 billion air passengers by 2023 and more than 1.2 billion passengers by 2030. We just do not have the capacity with our current air traffic control sstem to handle this increase in traffic. But with NextGen, we hope to triple the capacity of our national aviation system.  This technology will allow planes to fly the straightest, quickest route from point A to point B. And with more precise information and better communication between the ground and the cockpit, we can fit more planes safely in our airspace. Doing so will save airlines at least 3.3 billion gallons of fuel a year or more than $10 billion annually by 2025. NextGen should also reduce airport delays significantly.  Chicago's Midway Airport was ranked dead last in January for on-time departures among the nation's 29 busiest airports. Chicago's O'Hare airport has won that dubious distinction more than once. One of the main reasons for these delays is the lack of capacity in airspace. Fully implementing NextGen should reduce delays by half.  This is a great investment. This bill will help airports and air travelers in Illinois and nationwide save time and money.  In Illinois, we are in the middle of the largest airport expansion project in U.S. history at O'Hare airport.  This $6.6 billion project will completely reconfigure the runways at O'Hare to make sure we can move more traffic in and out of Chicago more efficiently. Moving this project along means a lot to the people of Chicago and Illinois. O'Hare already generates 450,000 jobs and $38 billion in economic activity for the Chicago region and the State of Illinois. The O'Hare modernization project will create 195,000 more jobs, and another $18 billion in annual economic activity. This bill will allow O'Hare to keep moving forward by streamlining the passenger facility charge application process.  And it isn't just O'Hare. Airports in Illinois will benefits from more than $4 billion per year for the airport improvement program, AIP.  Last year, airports in the Quad Cities, Rockford, Decatur and Springfield all used AIP funds to make critical improvements to their airfields.  Keeping this funding flowing will allow these airports to handle the traffic of today and the future increases of tomorrow.  The bill helps rural areas keep the commercial air service they have now and attract new service in the future. For a long time, the Essential Air Service, EAS, program was relegated to the back bench at the Department of Transportation.  In Illinois, two air carriers provided subpar service for too long.  In 2007, the EAS carrier providing service from Quincy, Decatur and Marion, IL, to St. Louis was shut down by the FAA. The next carrier promised each community four round-trips each day and codeshare agreement with a major airline. That carrier broke those promises and left town as soon as they could. This administration is taking a different approach and so is this Congress.  This bill fully funds the EAS program and puts in place important reforms so the Department of Transportation works with businesses, local communities and the airline industry to start and retain quality air service to rural communities.  Without a robust EAS program, many rural communities would have no commercial air service at all, and residents of smaller cities would have to travel significant distances for flights. But with reliable and safe commercial air service, communities can retain and attract businesses.  The bill also helps smaller airports gain new commercial air service by increasing funding for the Small Community Air Service Grant program.  This program has helped airports in Illinois, including Rockford and Springfield, bring new routes to their cities.  I want to thank Senator Rockefeller for including the Essential Air Service and Small Community provisions in this bill and for creating an Office of Rural Aviation within DOT to make sure rural areas are not forgotten.  Safety, efficiency, capacity and even the connectivity in smaller communities--all of these aspects of the FAA reauthorization also generate jobs.  The FAA estimates commercial aviation is responsible for 5.2 percent of gross domestic product and generates $1.142 trillion in economic activity.  The aviation industry provides $346 billion in earnings and 10.2 million jobs.  And this bill will help grow those numbers. In 2010, DOT estimates this legislation will support 150,000 jobs. The economist Mark Zandi said, ``Aviation is the glue that keeps the global economy together.''  This bill will boost our economy now and lay the foundation to keep the United States competitive in the global marketplace moving forward.  