 It is interesting, he wants to talk about everything except the unemployed people affected by his objection. I say to the Senator from Kentucky, we can relitigate all you want. The fact is, the Medicare prescription drug program, which costs $400 billion over a 10-year period of time, is not paid for and you voted for it. So when it comes to deficit reduction, you pick and choose those issues that you will spend money on. Tonight you are making it clear that you will not spend money to help unemployed people--people across Kentucky and across Illinois.  Some of these stories I received from my State I am sure you received from your State. Here is one from a woman in Bullhead City, IL:       My husband and I are in our fifties and lost our jobs in      2008. I knew immediately we were in trouble so we took our      savings and moved to a state park where rent is $400 a month,      including utilities.  They were living in a camper.       My husband has gotten sick and not been able to see a      doctor as we have no medical insurance, our unemployment      benefits ran     out in August and we have no income. The $400 rent that      seemed so cheap a year ago is now a struggle to pay. To keep      our phone and Internet on is a struggle, yet imperative--  Because that is the way they look for jobs.       Neither of us has ever been without until now. I have found      that it is more and more difficult and our spirits are at an      all-time low. I write this with tears in my eyes, not so much      for myself but for the thousands who are facing these      difficult times alone. I could not do it alone.       When my husband left the house this morning to look for      work, I slipped a baggie of Life cereal in his pocket so he      would not go hungry. We had no milk . . . too early to offer      ramen noodles or macaroni and cheese.       I've always been proud to be American and of this great      country, yet I can't seem to hold my head up these days. I      barely have enough money left to make it. . . . I wait and      pray for an extension [of unemployment benefits] to buy us      more time.       I implore the Republicans to quit dangling carrots in our      faces and do the right thing.  That is what this is about, Senator Bunning. This woman and people like her all across America who will be turned down for unemployment benefits because of your objection. Why are we doing this to these people, whether they live in Tennessee, Kentucky, or any other State? We are a caring people, and I know the Senator from Tennessee feels that way. I do too.  