President, in my era in politics, one of the most frightening things you could ever hear when you were about to go into an event was when the host of that event called you to the side and said: You will be speaking following Ted Kennedy. That was the worst news you could receive. No one in the world wanted to follow Ted Kennedy. He was that good and well loved and a man who had given his life to public service and to the State of Massachusetts.  Well, our friend, Paul Kirk, who is seeing his tenure in the Senate come to an end either today or this week had the unfortunate responsibility to follow that great man. But if there was ever a person who could stand and take the job, it was Paul Kirk. He came to the Senate not just as a former staffer of Senator Ted Kennedy after Senator Kennedy passed away but as truly a very close friend of Senator Kennedy.  On the day he was sworn in, Senator Paul Kirk of Massachusetts said he assumed his duties feeling ``the profound absence of a friend'' but a ``full understanding of his devotion and understanding of public service.''  Paul Kirk promised to be a voice and a vote for the causes which Senator Kennedy believed in, and for 4 months and 10 days he has honored that promise to his old friend and to the people of Massachusetts.  I will tell you that Paul Kirk, in his short time here, has served with dignity and integrity. We thank him and his wife Gail, who made a personal sacrifice to let her husband come and take up this responsibility for this important chapter in his life and this important chapter in the history of the Senate.  I think it is fair to say Paul Kirk never dreamed he would be a Senator. He graduated from Harvard Law School in 1964. He worked as an assistant district attorney in Massachusetts. He came to Washington in 1968 and worked on Senator Robert Kennedy's Presidential campaign. He considered quitting politics, as many people did, after Robert Kennedy's political assassination. But Ted Kennedy convinced him to pick up the fallen standard and carry on Bobby's work.  For the next 8 years, Paul Kirk worked in this Senate as one of Ted Kennedy's closest aides. He was with Senator Kennedy in 1980, when the last of the Kennedy brothers ran for President. I remember that so well as the downstate coordinator of the Ted Kennedy for President campaign in Illinois.  In 1985, Paul Kirk took on the challenge of chairing the Democratic National Committee in the middle of the Reagan era--quite a political challenge for any Democrat. He served as cochairman of the Commission on Presidential Debates, and he has been chairman of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation since 1992.  Paul Kirk is a good fellow, with a great sense of humor. I can tell you what has been said about him. He has never been known for excitement. One friend said of Paul Kirk several years ago: Behind that quiet exterior is a quiet interior. He is that sort of person--soft spoken but effective. He may not speak in a lion's roar, as Ted Kennedy did, but his reverence for America and his belief in this great Nation and his sense of justice is just as strong. On the Saturday before Thanksgiving, during the historic effort to break the filibuster on health care reform, Senator Paul Kirk came to the floor and told the story of a young woman from Somerville, MA, who had finished college, prepared for graduate school, and who suffered organ failure. In many States, that woman might have quickly found herself in a critical state and in medical debt and surely she wouldn't have been able to find insurance.  But because of Massachusetts's first in the Nation, near universal health care program, Paul Kirk told us that young woman could still obtain affordable health care, even though she now has what is characterized as a preexisting condition that will require her to be on medication for the rest of her life.  Senator Kennedy was proud of what Massachusetts, his home State, had achieved in health care. Ensuring that Americans in every State had decent, affordable health care, Paul Kirk said, was the ``cause of his life.'' It has been Senator Kirk's consuming goal in the Senate, and I hope it will soon become a reality. We are too close to a solution on health care--and the need is too great--for us to stop now.  In 1968, when Ted Kennedy became majority whip--the position I now hold in the Senate--then-majority leader Mike Mansfield welcomed him to the leadership by saying: ``Of all the Kennedys, the Senator is the only one who was and is a real Senate man.'' Part of what made Ted Kennedy a real Senate man was his personality and his inexhaustible patience and optimism. Part of it was his knowledge of how the Senate works and part was his great staff.  The Kennedy staff has always been known as the A-Team in the Senate. They are smart, they are talented, they are dedicated, and after they leave Ted Kennedy, they go places unimaginable for most staffers because they are so highly regarded. Some have been with Senator Kennedy for decades and continue with Senator Kirk, including the legendary Carey Parker, the Senator's chief speech writer; Michael Myers, whom I know well from his activities on the floor, the Senator's staff director on the HELP Committee, who worked so hard on health care reform. He has been amazing.  I wish to thank all the staffers for Senator Kirk, and previously for Senator Kennedy, for carrying on that standard of justice and fairness. I thank them as a group for their service to Massachusetts and to America. It is because of them, and countless others whom Senator Kennedy touched, myself included, we have been enlisted in the Kennedy causes and the Kirk causes with a great deal of pride.  A special thank-you to the Kennedy family--especially Vicki, Kara, Ted, and Patrick, Caroline and Curran--for sharing so much of the man they loved with the Nation he loved.  Finally, I wish to welcome to the Senate--and in a short time he will come to be sworn in--Senator Scott Brown. As Senator Kennedy would have said, if he were here: failte. He was always eager to reach across the aisle and find solutions to the problems we face. I look forward to an opportunity to do the same with Senator Brown in the Senate.  