President, pending before the Senate is a bill that includes many provisions. It is known in shorthand as the extenders bill because each year there are portions of the Tax Code which expire, and they relate to a lot of different things we kind of take for granted--the biofuels tax credit, for example--and other things. Each year, Congress extends or reauthorizes those portions of the Tax Code, and most of them are noncontroversial.  The obvious question many people ask who are affected by them is, Why do you do this every year and go through this exercise? It is an honest and legitimate question. I just say that the honest answer is, Because the extenders themselves are not controversial; they are popular. They become the spoonful of sugar that helps the medicine go down because they usually accompany other things that have more controversy with them. That is the way politics works. That is the way the Congress works, and that is what we do each year. This year is no exception, and we are considering the extension of portions of the Tax Code and including with it other things that will have an impact on the country and on the economy.  When I look at what is included in this bill, which is going to be important, there are several provisions that I think are critically important for the economy.  Most of us believe we would be better off in America if we stopped exporting good-paying American jobs overseas. So the President has said repeatedly and many of us have said in our speeches on the floor and back home that we want to stop rewarding in the Tax Code companies that decide it is to their economic advantage to locate overseas, closing down a factory in Galesburg, IL, and moving over to Europe or Japan or China or India or wherever it happens to be. So this bill, first and foremost, eliminates major tax cuts and loopholes available to U.S. corporations that want to relocate their business operations overseas. I think that is eminently sensible. Why would we in our Tax Code reward companies that want to leave the country, companies that want to eliminate American jobs? That is the No. 1 thing this extenders package does, in addition to extending some of the tax provisions I mentioned earlier.  It also provides help for small businesses across America. If we are going to get out of this recession sooner rather than later, we really need to depend on small businesses in America that will be able to step up and hire more people. We all think about the big company that is going to locate its new plant in our hometown and create 1,000 or 2,000 jobs. Occasionally, that happens. But more likely than not, the job growth in most communities and most cities will be when smaller businesses can hire 1 or 2 people or maybe 10 or 20 people. Cumulatively, those efforts result in a growth in the American workforce. This bill, as a second part, creates tax incentives and help for small businesses to hire more people in this weak economy.  Those are the two pillars of the bill: stop the export of American jobs by eliminating the tax incentives in our American laws that reward companies for sending jobs overseas and, secondly, create an environment in our Tax Code and programs that help small businesses retain and hire more American workers. I cannot think of two better things to do in a weak economy. Yet it seems there is opposition to this bill from the Republican side of the aisle. There are some who may support it, and I hope they do. I hope it genuinely becomes a bipartisan bill.  But there is a genuine concern about some other provisions that I would like to address.  I don't know that there is an American alive today who is unaware of what is going on in the Gulf of Mexico. I don't know what day we are in--60, 61--of this terrible environmental disaster where the BP rig blew up, killing 11 innocent people, and then the oil started spewing into the Gulf of Mexico. British Petroleum came in and has been trying vainly to stop this oil from flowing into the gulf. They have said repeatedly that they will make this all whole at the end of the day; they will stop the oil from flowing and set about repairing the damage, which is extensive.  Twenty-one years ago, I was on a congressional trip up to Prince William Sound in Alaska. The Exxon Valdez, a large tanker, had run aground because the captain, they think--it was alleged--had been drinking and didn't pay attention. It gashed the hull of the boat and ended up spewing oil in every direction. I will never forget that as long as I live because there was this black, dirty, sludgy oil all over everything. We went out on a Coast Guard ship and looked at it. You would see these horrible situations where, in this pristine Alaskan environment, everything would be covered with this black oil, and you would look down into the rocks and you could see as deep as you could see that there was more and more of that oil.  I asked Senator Murkowski of Alaska what Prince William Sound is like21 years later, and she said things have gotten back to a more normal state but some things have changed forever. Some species of fish, such as the herring, are just gone from this particular place. Maybe at some distant point in the future, they will return, but for the last 20 years, they have been extinct and gone. I hope Mother Nature takes care of that over time. You can see that it will take a long period of time.  We don't know what is going to happen in the Gulf of Mexico, but we know it will be expensive, first, in terms of human life--losing 11 people--and, second, in terms of the environmental damage, which is incalculable at this moment; that is, the economic cost of the damage.  If there is any encouraging thing--and there isn't much--in this whole conversation, it is the fact that British Petroleum is a very wealthy company. In the first 3 months of this year, they announced $5.6 billion in profits. When they say they can pay for the damage, it is clear that they have deep pockets and they can pay. And they will pay. The taxpayers will not pay.  There is a provision in this bill relating to this issue that has become controversial on the floor. We decided back in the time of the Exxon Valdez spill that we would create an oilspill liability fund. In other words, we would collect money and put it into a ``rainy day fund'' that would be there in case of an environmental disaster to pay for the damage. We collect, under current law, 8 cents for every barrel of oil to put into this fund. This morning's paper tells us that a barrel of oil is selling for $71.99, so 8 cents represents about one-tenth of 1 percent of the cost of a barrel of oil. It is a tiny, small amount.  Over time, with all the oil that has been explored and produced, we have collected over $1 billion into this oilspill liability fund, thinking we were prepared for the worst. We couldn't imagine what happened in the Gulf of Mexico, where $1.5 billion wouldn't even come close to paying for the damage that has been created by this BP disaster. So this bill will increase the amount of tax on a barrel of oil to 41 cents a barrel.  Remember, the price of a barrel of oil is $71.99, and we are going to charge 41 cents to be put into this oilspill liability fund. There is an objection to this from the Republican side of the aisle. Their objection is a little hard to follow because they are kind of tied up in a budgetary argument here. I think it is pretty clear to see what the choices will be. If we don't collect this money for every barrel of oil and put it into an oilspill liability fund, God forbid if there is another environmental disaster; there won't be enough money to pay for it.  Today, British Petroleum has its slimy fingerprints all over this mess. We know they are going to end up holding the bag, as they should. They have the money to pay for the damages associated with it. But what about tomorrow? What if the company involved is not as well off as BP? What if they are bankrupted by an environmental disaster and they go out of business? Who then is going to compensate the shrimpers, the oystermen, the fishermen, the tourist industry, the resorts, and all the others who are affected by all this? At that point in time, you would look to this oilspill liability fund. But the $1.5 billion it currently holds is not enough to do the job. That is why this bill increases the amount per barrel of oil from 8 to 41 cents, so instead of one-tenth of 1 percent, it is about one-half of 1 percent of the current cost of a barrel of oil that will be set aside as an insurance fund.  The Republicans are objecting to this. You have to ask them, what is the alternative? If the oil companies don't pay so that we have an insurance fund for the next environmental disaster, who will pay? I think we know the answer. It will require another taxpayer bailout, which means taxpayers across America will be called on to come up with the emergency disaster funds to pay for the next environmental disaster, God forbid it ever occurs. Isn't it better to have the industry drilling for oil building up the reserves in this oilspill liability fund so that the taxpayers don't end up ultimately paying for the cleanup? It is obvious to me. The alternative is unacceptable, but the alternative is what is being argued for on the Republican side of the aisle. They want to step aside from what is the clear responsibility of the big oil companies and those who would drill.  Yesterday, we had a hearing in the Senate Judiciary Committee, and we talked about the liability of the oil companies in this situation. It turns out that Senator Patrick Leahy, of Vermont, and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, from Rhode Island, did some research on it and found that most of the law that governed this situation was ancient law--150, 160 years old. The law, for example, for the 11 people who died on this oil rig in the explosion limits the recovery of their surviving families to the actual monetary losses--in other words, how much future income will be lost to that family because of the death of that worker. They cannot collect for any loss of companionship due to the death of a father or husband, and they cannot collect punitive damages, except to the amount of the actual compensatory damages--one to one. There is a limit to what they can recover.  Yesterday, Christopher Jones testified about his brother Gordon, who died as a result of the explosion on this rig in the Gulf of Mexico. He showed us photos of the family, the two little boys--one born after the father died and another young boy and his mom. It was so compelling.  The argument was made by a man representing the oil and energy industry that it would be reckless for us to expand the liability of oil companies beyond the current limitations in the law. I think it is reckless for us to consider allowing anybody to drill in the Gulf of Mexico who doesn't have the bonding and wherewithal to stand up for any damages they should incur. Why in the world would we allow anybody to go out in this circumstance, when we can see what happens when it goes wrong, and do it again without having some sort of insurance that protects those involved working there, as well as those who are affected by the environment around the Gulf of Mexico? They have no business drilling, as far as I am concerned, if they are not financially responsible and if they cannot stand behind their operations to make sure the taxpayers don't end up in a situation where they are vulnerable.  The Republican position that says we should not impose a new tax on oil companies to make sure there is enough money in an oilspill fund so that the taxpayers won't have to pay for these disasters in the future is a position that is indefensible. It is a position that makes no sense.  They argue, incidentally, that if we collect this money, we should somehow say it won't be used for any other purpose. Well, the money will be used for the purpose of oilspill cleanup, but because it will be a new asset of the Federal Government, it will be shown on the books on the positive side. We are collecting the tax, gaining the asset, and increasing in a small way our budget picture on the positive side. I think they are lost in a budgetary argument that really is, in effect, trying to protect the oil companies from this new tax.  I hope my colleagues won't be discouraged in this debate but will stand by the efforts of the committee to impose this new tax responsibility. I hope that as Members of the Senate consider this bill--and I see my friend from Ohio here, and I will yield momentarily to him--they will try to understand how difficult it might be to explain why they voted against a bill that eliminates tax breaks for American companies that want to locate their businesses overseas and why they voted against a bill that provides help for small businesses in America to hire more workers in a time of high unemployment. Those are the two most important elements in this so-called extension bill. I hope--wouldn't it be a great day--we could have bipartisan support for those two basic ideas and at the end of the day do something on the floor to create jobs in America and, in the process, do it in a sensible way that builds for our future.  I yield the floor.  