President, I rise today to commend and thank Senators Dodd and Shelby for their extraordinary leadership and tenacity in shepherding this complex bill through the arduous floor consideration process over the past several weeks, and for their years of work to reach this point. Their task has not been an easy one. The amendment process was delicate at times, but certainly collegial and fair. The fruits of our labor are an improved product emerging from the Senate, albeit not a perfect one. Invariably, in a bill of this scope and significance, some matters were not fully addressed or resolved to everyone's satisfaction.  I am disappointed that we did not consider an important bipartisan amendment submitted by Senators Inouye and Cochran relating to the funding of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Section 991 of the bill would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to be ``self-funded,'' thus removing a critical oversight role for the Appropriations Committee. The Inouye-Cochran amendment would have stricken this section.  Retention of the language in the bill is objectionable for a host of reasons. Section 991 removes the role of Congress in dictating how potentially limitless funds, up to whatever level is generated in fees under a budget that would be set by the SEC itself, are to be spent. It would make the agency potentially less, rather than more, responsive to congressional priorities.Spending would go unmonitored. The critical role of the Office of Management and Budget for apportionment of funds would also disappear.  Congress oversees Federal agencies primarily through two distinct but complementary processes--authorizations and appropriations. The authorizing committees are responsible for creating a program, mandating the terms and conditions under which it operates, and establishing the basis for congressional oversight and control. The appropriations committees and subcommittees are charged with assessing the need for, amount of, and period of availability of appropriations for agencies and programs under their jurisdiction.  Exempting an agency from the appropriations process reduces opportunities for annual congressional oversight. The appropriations process, with its annual budget justifications, hearings, and markups, provides a useful layer of congressional review and scrutiny of agency operations, in addition to what is provided by the authorizing process. In the appropriations subcommittee I am privileged to chair, I have conducted annual hearings on the SEC's budget through which I have learned much about this agency's requirements, particularly its staffing and information technology needs.  Allowing an agency to set its own budget is an abdication of the constitutional responsibility of the legislative branch of government. It is a dangerous surrender of the congressional power of the purse.  It does not make sense--in this comprehensive bill aimed at bolstering oversight, transparency, and accountability of the world that the SEC regulates--that we would weaken, in fact, abolish, the vital role of the appropriations committee to evaluate the resource needs and spending by this agency.  This comprehensive bill confers significant new responsibilities on the SEC as a financial regulator. Shouldn't we evaluate on a regular basis whether this agency is responsive to the mandates we impose? Shouldn't Congress determine if the SEC has adequate funds and is using those resources wisely, in the right places, to accomplish its mission? Under section 991, we toss out the important, longstanding role and responsibility of appropriators to do just that.  Public opinion of the SEC as a vigilant investor-protector has been less than stellar in recent years. The SEC has been under withering criticism over the past years with the release of the inspector general's report chronicling the SEC's failure to identify Madoff's Ponzi scheme as far back as 1992. The recent IG report on the Stanford case is another example of years of SEC inaction to act against a Ponzi scheme.  Under the leadership of Chairman Mary Schapiro, the SEC is making strides to turn things around. I think Chairman Schapiro is doing a commendable job leading the charge for reform. However, she herself admits that there's more to do and much room for improvement. Our interest in leaving the appropriations oversight process intact is not a verdict on Chairman Schapiro's ability to effect meaningful change.  Those who contend that the SEC ought to set its own budget argue that requiring the agency to compete for funding in the annual appropriations process will lead to chronic underfunding and limited flexibility. Recent experience suggests to the contrary. My Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee has placed high priority on the budgets of several agencies including healthy and justified increases above the President's request. For the current fiscal year, Congress provided $1.111 billion, a 25-percent increase over the fiscal year 2007 level--and $85 million above the amount that the President and the SEC requested. We have also acted promptly to consider and approve reprogramming and internal reorganization requests.  Those who claim that the SEC has been shortchanged in past years should consider that in each of the past 7 years, the SEC has had substantial amounts of unobligated balances from prior years. This means there were appropriations provided that the SEC was not able to use.  The SEC has not been reauthorized since the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, when Congress authorized $776 million for fiscal year 2003. Instead of putting this agency beyond the reach and oversight of appropriators, we should act to authorize levels of robust funding for each of the ensuing 5 years--like the House did--and thus clearly express the intent of Congress that this agency be adequately funded.  Reauthorization of suitable and reasonable funding levels would certainly send a strong signal about the amount of resources that Congress believes are necessary for this agency to thrive and grow to meet its important mission and satisfy its many new responsibilities. Leaving this agency unchecked in its budgeting and spending activities is simply the wrong way to go.  I trust that as we reconcile this bill with the version adopted in the House that this matter will be favorably resolved and that the conference agreement will acknowledge and preserve the critical oversight role of the appropriations process.  