President, for those who have been following this vote, this was an attempt to proceed to the Defense authorization bill. It is one of the most important bills we consider during the course of a year. Senator Levin of Michigan is chairman of the Armed Services Committee, and he was prepared to bring that bill to the floor.  There was an attempt made by the majority leader, Senator Reid, to allow three amendments to be considered--three amendments which would be considered before other amendments on the bill. One of the amendments related to the don't ask, don't tell policy. There is a provision already in the bill which allows--after review by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President, and the Department of Defense--the possibility of removing that provision from our law. That was one of the amendments. The second amendment related to Senate procedure on secret holds. But the third amendment--and the one I rise to speak to--is the one which became the focal point of this last vote. That amendment related to a measure known as the DREAM Act.  Almost 10 years ago, I introduced this bill called the DREAM Act. The reason I introduced it was because I felt there was a serious injustice and unfairness going on in America. We have within our borders thousands of young people who were brought to the United States by their parents at an early age. I don't know what it was like in their homes, but there weren't many democratic votes when I was 5 years old as to where we were going for vacation. I went where I was told, and these children followed their parents to America. They came here and became part of America. We made certain they had an opportunity for an education and health care. We made certain they had an environment where they could grow up in this country, and for many of them, it was the only home they ever knew. But because they came to this country with undocumented parents, they were not legal. They were not documented. They couldn't be citizens.  That, to me, is a serious injustice. We do not, in this country, hold the crimes and misdeeds of parents against their children. What I have tried to do with the DREAM Act is to give these young people a chance--a chance to earn their way to legal status and become part of the only country they have ever known. The DREAM Act isn't easy. The DREAM Act says if you came here as a child, if you were raised in the United States, are of good moral character, with no criminal record, and you have graduated from high school, then we give you 6 years. In that 6-year period of time, you have a chance to do one of two things to become legal: No. 1, serve the United States of America in the military; and No. 2, complete 2 years of a college education. Then we will give you a chance to come off temporary status and become legal inAmerica. But you have to earn your way all the way through, subject to review, examination, and all the requirements that should be there before someone gets this chance of a lifetime.  Well, the Republican minority leader came to the floor before this vote and he offered a unanimous consent request--which Senator Reid objected to--and here is what it said. Of all the amendments you can consider on the Defense authorization bill, you cannot consider any amendment that relates to immigration.  I know what that was about. The Senate knew what that was about. It was an attempt by the Republican side of the aisle to make certain the DREAM Act could never be called on the Defense authorization bill. They have made an empty argument on that side that this DREAM Act has nothing to do with the defense of the United States. It is an empty argument.  