President, yesterday marked the 100th anniversary of International Women's Day--an occasion that celebrates the many contributions women have made to our communities, societies, and nations. Women have made great progress, but the sad reality is that women around the world are not participating equally in business or politics, are not paid the equivalent of their male counterparts, and are more likely to be denied educational opportunities, property ownership, and other basic rights.  The inequities facing women today represent some of the world's greatest global-development challenges. Investing in women is vital to the world's growth potential. I have introduced two bills this Congress that take important steps towards equity and human rights for women worldwide.  In July 2009, I introduced the Global Resources and Opportunities for Women to Thrive--GROWTH--Act of 2009. The GROWTH Act is designed to reduce these economic inequities in developing countries. By providing women with the economic resources to start and grow their own businesses, the GROWTH Act would create broad educational, legal, and community-based programs that would promote female property ownership and empower women in their communities.  Today, women account for 64 percent of adults who lack basic literacy skills, 70 percent of the hungry, and 56 percent of those subject to forced labor.  Women typically invest 90 percent of their income back into their household compared to only 30 to 40 percent by men. Developing programs that allow women to increase their education and thrive professionally is good for the family, as well as the woman.  In May 2009, I also introduced the International Protecting Girls by Preventing Child Marriage Act. This bill sets out to strategically eliminate the harmful practice of child marriage overseas. Child marriage poses a direct threat to investments in education for girls overseas, HIV/AIDS prevention, poverty reduction, maternal and child safety, and human rights.  Too often the potential of children and developing women is crushed by early marriage, sometimes occurring when girls are as young as 7 years of age. Child marriage is a direct challenge to guaranteeing equality and basic human rights to children and developing women around the globe.  International Women's Day calls on us to acknowledge the achievements of women, but it is also a reminder of the sometimes immovable barriers women in many countries still face. I commend my colleague Senator Shaheen for submitting S. Res. 433 recognizing International Women's Day. This resolution is a testament to the Senate's commitment to the advancement of women worldwide.  