President, I rise to speak about my interchange fee amendment that was incorporated into the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. There are some important aspects of the amendment that I want to clarify for the record.  First, it is important to note that while this amendment will bring much-needed reform to the credit card and debit card industries, in no way should enactment of this amendment be construed as preempting other crucial steps that must be taken to bring competition and fairness to those industries. For example, a key component of the Senate-passed version of my amendment was a provision that would prohibit payment card networks from blocking merchants from offering a discount for customers who use a competing card network. This provision was unfortunately left out of the final conference report, but the need for this provision remains undiminished. It is blatantly anticompetitive for one company to prohibit its customers from offering a discounted price for a competitor's product, and I will continue to pursue steps to end this practice.  Additionally, in no way should my amendment be construed as preempting or superseding scrutiny of the credit card and debit card industries under the antitrust laws. Section 6 of the Dodd-Frank act conference report contains an antitrust savings clause which provides that nothing in the act shall be construed to modify, impair, or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws. I want to make clear that nothing in my amendment is intended to modify, impair, or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws, nor should my amendment be construed as having that effect. Vigorous antitrust scrutiny over the credit and debit card industries will continue to be needed after enactment of the Dodd-Frank act, particularly in light of the highly concentrated nature of those industries.  With respect to the new subsection 920(a) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act that would be created by my amendment, there are a few issues that should be clarified. The core provisions of subsection (a) are its grant of regulatory authority to the Federal Reserve Board over debit interchange transaction fees, and its requirement that an interchange transaction fee amount charged or received with respect to an electronic debit transaction be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer with respect to the transaction. Paragraph (a)(4) makes clear that the cost to be considered by the Board in conducting its reasonable and proportional analysis is the incremental cost incurred by the issuer for its role in the authorization, clearance, or settlement of a particular electronic debit transaction, as opposed to other costs incurred by an issuer which are not specific to the authorization, clearance, or settlement of a particular electronic debit transaction.  Paragraph (5) of subsection (a) provides that the Federal Reserve Board may allow for an adjustment of an interchange transaction fee amount received by a particular issuer if the adjustment is reasonably necessary to make allowance for the fraud prevention costs incurred by the issuer seeking the adjustment in relation to its electronic debit transactions, provided that the issuer has demonstrated compliance with fraud-related standards established by the Board. The standards established by the Board will ensure that any adjustments to the fee shall be limited to reasonably necessary costs and shall take into account fraud-related reimbursements that the issuer receives from consumers, merchants, or networks. The standards shall also require issuers that want an adjustment to their interchange fees to take effective steps to reduce the occurrence of and costs from fraud in electronic debit transactions, including through the development of cost-effective fraud prevention technology.  It should be noted that any fraud prevention adjustment to the fee amount would occur after the base calculation of the reasonable and proportional interchange fee amount takes place, and fraud prevention costs would not be considered as part of the incremental issuer costs upon which the reasonable and proportional fee amount is based. Further, any fraud prevention cost adjustment would be made on an issuer-specific basis, as each issuer must individually demonstrate that it complies with the standards established by the Board, and as the adjustment would be limited to what is reasonably necessary to make allowance for fraud prevention costs incurred by that particular issuer. The fraud prevention adjustment provision in paragraph (a)(5) is intended to apply to all electronic debit transactions, whether authorization is based on signature, PIN or other means.  Paragraph (6) of subsection (a) exempts debit card issuers with assets of less than $10 billion from interchange fee regulation. This paragraph makes clear that for purposes of this exemption, the term ``issuer'' is limited to the person holding the asset account which is debited, and thus does not count the assets of any agents of the issuer. However, the affiliates of an issuer are counted for purposes of the $10 billion exemption threshold, so if an issuer together with its affiliates has assets of greater than $10 billion, then the issuer does not fall within the exemption.  It should be noted that the intent of my amendment is not to diminish competition in the debit issuance market. I will be watching closely to ensure that the giant payment card networks Visa and MasterCard do not collude with one another or with large financial institutions to take steps to purposefully disadvantage small issuers in response to enactment of this amendment.  Paragraph (7) of subsection (a) exempts from interchange fee regulation electronic debit transactions involving debit cards or prepaid cards that are provided to persons as part of a federal, state or local government-administered payment program in which the person uses the card to debit assets provided under the program. The Federal Reserve Board will issue regulations to implement this provision, but it is important to note that this exemption is only intended to apply tocards which can be used to transfer or debit assets that are provided pursuant to the government-administered program. The exemption is not intended to apply to multi-purpose cards that mingle the assets provided pursuant to the government-administered program with other assets, nor is it intended to apply to cards that can be used to debit assets placed into an account by entities that are not participants in the government-administered program.  The amendment would also create subsection 920(b) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, which provides several restrictions on payment card networks. Paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) of 920(b) are intended only to serve as restrictions on payment card networks to prohibit them from engaging in certain anticompetitive practices. These provisions are not intended to preclude those who accept cards from engaging in any discounting or other practices, nor should they be construed to preclude contractual arrangements that deal with matters not covered by these provisions. Further, nothing in these provisions should be construed to mean that merchants can only provide a discount that is exactly specified in the amendment. The provisions also should not be read to confer any congressional blessing or approval of any other particular contractual restrictions that payment card networks may place on those who accept cards as payment. All these provisions say is that Federal law now blocks payment card networks from engaging in certain specific enumerated anti-competitive practices, and the provisions describe precisely the boundaries over which payment card networks cannot cross with respect to these specific practices.  Paragraph (b)(1) directs the Federal Reserve Board to prescribe regulations providing that issuers and card networks shall not restrict the number of networks on which an electronic debit transaction may be processed to just one network, or to multiple networks that are all affiliated with each other. It further directs the Board to issue regulations providing that issuers and card networks shall not restrict a person who accepts debit cards from directing the routing of electronic debit transactions for processing over any network that may process the transactions. This paragraph is intended to enable each and every electronic debit transaction--no matter whether that transaction is authorized by a signature, PIN, or otherwise--to be run over at least two unaffiliated networks, and the Board's regulations should ensure that networks or issuers do not try to evade the intent of this amendment by having cards that may run on only two unaffiliated networks where one of those networks is limited and cannot be used for many types of transactions.  Paragraph (b)(2) provides that a payment card network shall not inhibit the ability of any person to provide a discount or in-kind incentive for payment by the use of a particular form of payment--cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards--provided that discounts for debit cards and credit cards do not differentiate on the basis of the issuer or the card network, and provided that the discount is offered in a way that complies with applicable Federal and State laws. This paragraph is in no way intended to preclude the use by merchants of any other types of discounts. It just makes clear that Federal law prohibits payment card networks from inhibiting the offering of discounts which are for a form of payment--for example, a 1-percent discount for payment by debit card. This paragraph also provides that a network may not penalize a person for the way that the person offers or discloses a discount to customers, which will end the current practice whereby payment card networks have regularly sought to penalize merchants for providing cash, check or debit discounts that are fully in compliance with applicable Federal and State laws.  Paragraph (b)(3) provides that a payment card network shall not inhibit the ability of any person to set a minimum dollar value for acceptance of credit cards, provided that the minimum does not differentiate between issuers or card networks, and provided that the minimum does not exceed $10. This paragraph authorizes the Board to increase this dollar amount by regulation. The paragraph also provides that card networks shall not inhibit the ability of a Federal agency or an institution of higher education to set a maximum dollar value for acceptance of credit cards, provided that the maximum does not differentiate between issuers or card networks. As with the discounts, this provision is not intended to preclude merchants, agencies or higher education institutions from setting other types of minimums or maximums by card or amount. It simply makes clear that payment card networks must at least allow for the minimums and maximums described in the provision.  Paragraph (b)(4) contains a rule of construction providing that nothing in this subsection shall be construed to authorize any person to discriminate between debit cards within a card network or to discriminate between credit cards within a card network on the basis of the issuer that issued the card. The intent of this rule of construction is to make clear that nothing in this subsection should be cited by any person as justification for the violation of contractual agreements not to engage in the forms of discrimination cited in this paragraph. This provision does not, however, prohibit such discrimination as a matter of federal law, nor does it make any statement regarding the legality of such discrimination. In addition, this provision makes no statement as to whether a payment card network's contractual rule preventing such discrimination would be legal under the antitrust laws.  Finally, it should be noted that the payment card networks as defined in the amendment are entities such as Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express that directly, or through licensed members, processors or agents, provide the proprietary services, infrastructure and software that route information to conduct credit and debit card transaction authorization, clearance and settlement. The amendment does not intend, for example, to define ATM operators or acquiring banks as payment card networks unless those entities also operate card networks as do Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express.  Overall, my amendment contains much needed reforms that will help increase fairness, transparency and competition in the debit card and credit card industries. More work remains to be done along these lines, but this amendment represents an important first step, and I thank my colleagues who have supported this effort.  