President, I rise today in support of H.R. 3055, which includes the fiscal year 2020 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, or the T-HUD, Appropriations bill. I have worked closely with Chairman Collins, and I want to salute her for her excellent work and her leadership. This is a bipartisan bill, which includes key investments in transportation and housing infrastructure.  It has not been an easy job, but Senator Collins' leadership and her thoughtful approach and our collaboration, I think, have helped us present a bill to the U.S. Senate which is more than worthy of support.  While the budget agreement provided a 4 percent increase to our allocation, we actually have $1 billion less in spending power compared to 2019 due to declines in offsetting collections and increased costs for renewals in HUD's rental assistance program.  Working together and with the input of most Senators, we were able to put together a solid bill that earned unanimous support in the committee. While we were challenged in developing this bipartisan bill, other subcommittees have faced an impossible task as the majority caters to the President's demands for a border wall and places no guardrails to prevent the diversion of defense funds to pay for it.  This is the same issue that resulted in the President's 35-day shutdown of the Federal Government between December and January. I hope the President will heed the majority leader's axiom that ``there is no education in the second kick of a mule'' and avoid a rerun of this brinkmanship.  The minibus package before us is a good start to a process that will hopefully deliver final bills to the President's desk before Thanksgiving. The T-HUD bill included in this package provides critical funding to repair our bridges, roads, and transit systems in order to improve the safety, reliability, and efficiency of our transportation networks. These investments will support economic growth, create jobs, and help to address our deferred maintenance backlog across all transportation sectors.  It rejects the President's proposal to cut Amtrak funding in half and phase out long-distance passenger service. Instead, we provide $2 billion for Amtrak, which will allow it to initiate the Northeast corridor fleet replacement, deploy additional safety technology, and invest in bridge and tunnel replacement projects.  The T-HUD bill also prioritizes funding for aviation safety in order to strengthen the safety inspector workforce and enable the Department of Transportation and the FAA to address identified weaknesses in aircraft certification process. Chairman Collins and I have consistently worked to support FAA's safety mission, often exceeding the budget request each year to accomplish that.  We have been disturbed by many of the official findings and unofficial reports concerning the 737 MAX certification and the culture at the FAA. As the FAA reassesses its aviation safety performance and priorities in response to the findings of the inspector general, the National Transportation Safety Board, and other inquiries, we will work to adjust funding to assist the agency in fully executing all official recommendations in a timely manner.  I cannot emphasize enough the importance of enacting a full-year T-HUD bill to help address the FAA's safety and operational demands. If we end up with a yearlong continuing resolution, we will have missed the opportunity torespond based on what we have learned in the aftermath of the devastating 737 MAX crashes.  It is also important to pass this bill because it upholds our longstanding commitment to make housing affordable for 5 million low-income families and provides funding for innovative solutions to address homelessness among the more than half a million Americans who are without stable housing.  We rejected the President's ill-advised proposals to cut $12 billion in affordable housing and community and economic development programs like HOME, CDBG, and Public Housing. These bipartisan programs are critical components to bridging the gap between stable housing and homelessness for so many working families.  The bill also continues to invest in programs that prevent veterans' homelessness by rejecting the administration's proposal to eliminate the HUD-VASH Program. Instead, we provide $40 million for 1,500 new housing vouchers to help veterans gain access to safe and stable housing.  This year, we were able to continue providing record funding to remediate lead-based paint and other environmental hazards in low-income housing and expand these initiatives to our Nation's public housing.  I am proud of the bill before us, and I want to work with my colleagues to consider amendments to make it even better. I encourage Senators to file amendments as soon as possible so we can continue to move this process forward.  Before I conclude, let me compliment my colleagues who are managing the other bills that are included in this minibus package--Commerce, Justice, Science, Agriculture, and Interior. They have done excellent work in crafting their bills, supported, as always, by Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy. I hope we can follow their example and move quickly to complete our work on all 12 appropriations bills before November 21.  Finally, our efforts were immensely aided and assisted by a strong and dedicated staff at the T-HUD Committee. I recognize Clare Doherty for the majority counsel and Dabney Hegg for the minority counsel for their extraordinary work, which motivated their entire staff to go above and beyond. That is one of the major reasons today Senator Collins and I can stand with a very good bill to present to the U.S. Senate.  With that, Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent to make a presentation that was previously scheduled on another topic.  