President, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on behalf of the overall defense bill and to give credit where credit is due in regard to the distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Thurmond, and the distinguished ranking member from Michigan, Senator Levin. I want to pay tribute to their leadership. I think the committee did great work, and there was much bipartisan agreement. I think we had a very difficult task in this regard.  I would like to draw the attention of my colleagues to a study called ``America's National Interests'' by the Commission on America's National Interest. It was about a year ago, and I served on the commission with some very qualified people who have a great deal of expertise in regard to defense matters. The cochairs were Robert Ellsworth, Andrew Goodpaster, and Rita Hauser. The study was done by the Center for Science and International Affairs of Harvard University and also by the Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom and the Rand Corp.  Basically, they had an executive summary that pretty well said this: No. 1, American foreign policy and American national interests don't really represent a very high blip on the national attention radar screen. They said America was adrift. ``In the wake of the Cold War, the American public's interest in foreign policy has declined sharply and political leaders have been pressed to attend to immediate domestic concerns.'' Certainly that is true. ``After four decades of unusual single-mindedness in containing Soviet expansion, we have seen five years of ad hoc fits and starts.'' This was last year, remember. ``If it continues, this drift will threaten our values, our fortunes, and indeed our lives.''  I think the committee took an important first step in trying to end this drift. They mentioned confusion and the lack of a national strategy as we try to determine how much money to spend on defense, which, after all, is the first obligation of the Federal Government.  So having said that, I want to again thank Senator Levin and Senator Thurmond for their leadership. However, I must rise in opposition to the amendment as argued for by Senator Levin and as proposed by Senator McCain. I am talking about BRAC. I am talking about the effort to, obviously, reduce the excess infrastructure that we have in regard to our national defense system.  I want to make it very clear and I want to really emphasize that I do not support--and I don't know of anybody in the Senate or, for that matter, in the House of Representatives who supports--carrying excess or unproductive capacity in our military infrastructure. After all, how could anybody stand up here and say that they were supporting that? Having said that, I don't think we should sign onto another BRAC process until we are confident that the process will be done without making it a political football or without receiving an answer to several very fundamental questions, which I would like to go into.  No. 1, we need to certify what is meant by overcapacity. Everybody seems to agree that there is excess capacity in the structure of the military. I think that is obvious. Senator Levin just went over that. But if you ask different people where exactly that excess infrastructure exists, a variety of answers will certainly be given. Many argue that there is a great disparity between the reduction of military end-strength, down 36 percent--Senator McCain mentioned that. Every proponent of the BRAC process and of this amendment will tell you that the military end-strength is down 36 percent and reduction of military base structure is down 21 percent. Now, there is a relationship between these two. I know that. But there is no numerical correlation that would define what percentage of base closure we should strive for. That is extremely important. If there were such a numerical correlation, closing any of our bases would help bring the percentage in line.  I think common sense tells us that it is a lot more complex than simple percentages. If we all agree that excess capacity exists--and I think we do--I think that the Department of Defense, before we approve something like this amendment, should develop a certified list defining that excess capacity. What's wrong with that? I might add, I think we probably have that list already prepared. Why not really delineate the amount of excess and the priority of eliminating that excess and the difficulty of restoring the capability if required by a military operation? Let me repeat that. Let us try to delineate the amount of excess and the priority of eliminating that excess and, most important, the difficulty of restoring the capability if required by a military operation.  Once you lose the base, once you lose that infrastructure, like Humpty-Dumpty, it is off the wall, gone; you can't regain it. It is not reasonable to agree to a BRAC if we don't fully understand the nature and location and the amount of the reported excess.  I have the same letter from Secretary Cohen and the letter illustrated on the minority side from the Joint Chiefs of Staff expressing their support for a BRAC. Secretary Cohen, a good friend, a former colleague, said this: ``With the expiration of the previous BRAC legislation, the Department needs a process to close or realign excess military installations. Even after four rounds of base closures, we have eliminated only 21 percent''--here we go again--``of our U.S. base structure while force structure will drop by 36 percent by fiscal year 2003.''  Let me repeat again what I think is a fallacy. Secretary Cohen's letter--I know it is not his intent, but his letter suggests the direct correlation, again in percentage points, between base closures of 21 percent and force structure reductions of 36 percent. There is no direct correlation between the reduction of troops and how many bases should be cut. There is, of course, a connection, but to suggest there is some kind of a mathematical correlation is false. It is misleading. Exactly how we could get into indiscriminate cutting of facilities--the assumption of such a simple-minded statement is that all bases are equal.  Senator Levin has just indicated that of 100 bases remaining, and there is a need to reduce base structure by perhaps 15 percent, that any 15 bases would do the trick. Unfortunately, this is the exact argument--down 36 percent in troops but only 21 percent in bases--which was made in behalf of this whole argument. It is the very reason we need to understand which bases are in excess and which bases support the strategy. If it is 15 percent and you cut 15 bases out of 100, if that doesn't have anything to do with what kind of a base it is, what kind of force is there, or what the mission of the base is, I don't think that correlation really makes any sense.  Let's talk about the type of facilities to be considered once the DOD develops a certified list of excess capacity, and then what specific types of facilities to be considered for closure should be provided. If the Department of Defense demonstrates that certain types of facilities do not represent excess capacity, it doesn't make any sense to include them in the process. Why would we want to do that?  The effect of this action would shorten and focus the BRAC process. We would have successful BRAC, we would eliminate a lot of the headaches, pain and suffering, and the politics that the proponents of this amendment always talk about. Just as important, it would let those communities with military facilities as neighbors know whether they need to be concerned or not and prevent them from spending large sums of money to help save their bases. That is what happens.  As soon as this amendment is passed--I hope it does not; the committee did not pass it and the House ofRepresentatives did not pass it--every community next to a base in America will hire a consultant, spending large sums of money, and will end up in BRAC purgatory. It is not necessary. We could shorten the process and get this job done with a better process.  Let's talk about the criteria to be used for closure recommendations.  There needs to be a full discussion of the criteria used for the BRAC process. I have the old criteria here somewhere, but, obviously, this isn't the criteria that is going to be used. This is the former base realignment and closure criteria. I thought the new criteria were going to be judged on the Bottom-Up Review and the QDR and the National Defense Panel. The National Defense Panel hasn't made a comment on where we are headed in terms of national defense strategy. We don't have the criteria yet. I think we are putting the cart before the horse.  So, at any rate, I think we need a full discussion of the criteria used for the BRAC process to ensure the results of the process are consistent with the strategy, as I have indicated, of the Bottom-Up Review and the QDR. For example, it makes little sense to me to use the same criteria of the last BRAC since we have substantially altered the military since then and our strategy has been changed. That is why we are going through this. A critical analysis of the criteria and their weight in the process is required. We should not inadvertently cut meat from our capacity if fat exists somewhere else simply because the criteria we used is flawed.  I want to talk about cost for just a moment. It seems to me, despite the claims of, I think, $2.7 billion that the letter indicated that we are going to save--and I think Senators Levin, McCain, and others listed $13.5 billion by the year 2001--I question that either in magnitude or when those savings will be seen. The whole purpose of this process, as proposed by the authors of this amendment, is to save the precious defense dollars.  Let me point out that we are supposed to be talking about national strategy here. The committee did its best, but in terms of trying to determine how much we spend on defense in the post-cold-war period, we said, ``OK, you can have all the strategy you want, but don't spend more than $250 billion.''  So it is budget driven and numbers driven, and the whole key argument in behalf of this is to save the precious defense dollars and use them for procurement and modernization and quality of life. So you close the bases. You save the money. And, as the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary, and the proponents of the amendment said, we are going to improve the quality of life, modernization, and procurement.  Well, I am not sure that those savings will be there. And, second, I will tell you where the money will go. If we could earmark this money, maybe put it in a lockbox and give the key to Senator Thurmond--I sure trust him as to where the money should go--I might support this. But do you know where the money is going to go? Peacekeeping missions. For peacekeeping missions since President Clinton took office: 1993, $2.441 billion; 1994, $1.9 billion; 1995, $2.16 billion; 1996, $3.3 billion; 1997, projected $3.27 billion. I am not sure that even accounts for Bosnia.  We are talking about savings that are going to occur in the outyears. And, yet, we have been using the peacekeeping fund for modernization and readiness and quality of life? That is what has been happening. If we could earmark these savings for all of the very good purposes that proponents of this amendment are talking about, it might be one thing. But we are not.  So what will happen is that we will go through this whole process only to find out that we are putting a lot of people into what I call BRAC purgatory only to find out that we don't have the separation by the people who really do that right now between those bases that are needed and not, and also the problem with cost savings only to find out that it will be spent for peacekeeping.  I am not opposed to peacekeeping in every instance. But it seems to me in terms of our national strategy and in America's national interest, I am not sure that that has been simply well spent.  I would like to associate myself with the remarks of Senator Feinstein of California, and I would like to say that I know that it is the right thing to do in regard to base closures. Nobody in this Senate--nobody anywhere--is for saving excess infrastructure. That is just not a possible position, and we shouldn't do that.  I might add in closing, Mr. President, that I am one who is concerned about some of my colleagues who with some degree of condescending understanding look at me and say, ``Well, now, you know, we all have politics, and we all have the pain of politics.'' I know it is going to be hard. This is not premised on any base in Kansas. This is based on a firm belief that this may be the right thing to do. But we are going at it the wrong way, and it is very premature.  So for the reasons that I have listed--and I would only add that there is no reason why we can't wait on the QDR, the review, and the National Defense Panel, have the new criteria, certify the excess, earmark the savings, and, yes, then go ahead with some kind of a BRAC. There is no reason why we can't do that. But it seems to me that we are rushing to judgment here, and I think it would be very counterproductive. I think we should watch out for the law of unintended affects.  I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona and as agreed to by the Senator from Michigan and urge my colleagues to take another look at this. Let's take a little time. Let's do this right.  I yield the floor.  