President, first, the Child Care Expansion Act includes funding for a short-term, flexible grant program to encourage small businesses to work together to provide day care services for employees. This program is a demonstration project that will sunset at the end of 3 years. In the meantime, small businesses will be eligible for grants up to $50,000 for startup costs, training, scholarships or other related activities. Businesses will be required to match Federal funds to encourage self-sustaining facilities well into the future.  The idea behind this 3-year grant is for the small communities and small businesses in that community to get together to provide the child care facility. The $50,000 grant over 3 years will provide startup money for our smaller communities, for the major businesses in that community to come together and provide a facility that otherwise would not be achieved.  Second, this legislation includes an expansion of the child and dependent care tax credit, targeting the credit to working parents who need it the most, not only the people who are trying to be self-reliant in regard to welfare reform but the low- and middle-income family. It will increase from $720 for one child, up to $1,080, and from the current $1,140 for two or more children to $1,620 for families with more than one dependent. In addition, the credit is phased out for higher income wage earners, which means that the deficit exposure or the expenditure side is very, very limited.  This legislation also addresses the needs of parents who choose to work from the home. In this case, the Internal Revenue Service rules are expanded to allow taxpayers who need to use the family room or some other room for home-based business while caring for dependents. The current IRS rules are much too strict and simply do not make sense for people who want to work at home but have to take care of the youngsters as well.  Finally, this legislation encourages our Nation's most experienced care givers, our older Americans, who are already participating in federally supported work programs, to provide child care services in communities where it is feasible to do so. Obviously, there is a bonding that goes on, Mr. President, in regard to grandkids and also grandparents. This bill certainly encourages that bonding.  This legislation includes no new entitlements or mandates on the business community. It fills a pressing need without creating more bureaucracy or Government. Child care is an issue that impacts each and every one of us. While parents continue to struggle to meet the constant demand of work and family, it seems to me we must continue to do our part to expand the child care options and protect our Nation's most valuable resource--our children. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of America's kids and cosponsor the Child Care Expansion Act.  I yield the floor.  