President, I rise today, as was indicated by my colleagues, Senator Thomas and Senator Grams, to speak to the Medicare Payment Equity Act of 1997. Like my colleagues have indicated, this legislation will hopefully end the longstanding unfairness that denies the Medicare beneficiary in rural counties the same services and benefits that their urban peers receive. As has been indicated by both of my colleagues, all Americans, whether they live in the city or whether they live in the country, pay the same 2.9 percent of payroll to the Medicare trust fund all during their working lives. All Americans who choose Medicare part B pay the same monthly premium, but that is where the similarities stop.  Based on the geographic area where seniors choose to retire, they receive vastly different choices and benefits. Seniors living in New York City or in Miami, as has been indicated by my colleagues, are offered more options to the Medicare system than almost all of Kansas' 400,000 seniors who rely on Medicare. Many of these plans have no additional premiums, and they may include extra benefits, such as prescription drug coverage or hearing aids or eyeglasses, just to name a few.  Let me demonstrate what I am talking about. When a Kansas senior citizen visits a relative in Miami or New York or Phoenix or some other metropolitan area and talks to his brother, his cousin or any relative and learns that they receive, under their managed care plan under Medicare, free eyeglasses, free prescription drugs, even exercise lessons, of course, then that senior citizen goes back to Kansas or Wyoming or Minnesota, or any other rural area, and they do not have that opportunity. Yet, they pay the same amount.  Why does this happen? The difference is really due to the payment formula used to finance the managed care plans under Medicare. I am going to quarrel a little bit with the description of managed care. I know that has a connotation in some areas, quite frankly, as rationing health care. I know that is harsh. Why don't we use the term ``physician service network''? The acronym--everything has to have an acronym in Washington--is PSN. It allows the local hospitals, local doctors, local administrators and the boards to join together, which they are already doing, and offer, yes, a managed care plan, but it is a physician service network.  We have something like that in Kansas in Salina where about 13 hospitals have joined together under something called ``the sunflower network.'' We hope and we think that if we can offer that option to our seniors, we can hold the Medicare costs down, but we can bring them better delivery. It is a voluntary plan, it is not mandatory, and certainly we think that is part of the overall Medicare reform plan.  Basically, under the current system, Medicare rewards any beneficiaries who live in an inefficient medical market and punishes those who participate in health plans that operate in efficient markets.  Medicare pays these health plans a capitation payment based on regional fee-for-service costs. This payment is known as the adjusted average per capita costs--here is another acronym--AAPCC rate. That is extremely important in regards to the health care field.  The variation in the AAPCC rate is extreme. As has been indicated by mycolleagues, for example, the AAPCC rate in Richmond, NY, is $767 per Medicare beneficiary, while the AAPCC rate for my constituents in Republic County, KS--Belleville is the county seat--there it is only $265. This county is almost the lowest paid county in the United States. In fact, 93 percent of all counties in Kansas are at or below the national average of $467.  Clearly, there are cost factors that account for some of this difference, but as Senator Thomas has pointed out, a difference of over $500 is simply unexplainable. This legislation really does address this issue by creating a new payment formula for managed care plans. Specifically, our bill establishes a minimum payment for rural counties of 80 percent of the national input price adjusted capitation rate. This will ensure all payments, even those in rural counties, will cover the comprehensive benefits.  This legislation also includes an aggressive blend of national and local rates that will raise the lower payment areas closer to the average, while taking into account actual input cost differences that exist from one region to another. This rate, which is based on an average of 3 years of past data, will smooth the payments and reduce all of the volatility price differences. It is a transition.  Finally, this legislation excludes the disproportionate share of payments and graduate medical education funds from the calculations of the formula.  Mr. President, this inequity must stop. Until we end this inequity, Medicare beneficiaries will not have the choices they deserve. We will not control the Medicare costs that in some areas are out of control. Hospitals and doctors will not have the tools they need to compete in today's physician service network markets, and Medicare will continue to overpay health plans in inefficient markets.  I want to add one other thing, lest people misunderstand. This is not an either/or choice. Senator Thomas, Senator Grams, myself, and Senator Burns are not trying to take away anything from Dade County, FL, or New York or any other urban area. Under our formula, the premiums will increase by 2 percent. That is not the idea here. We are merely trying to equalize this on a transition basis.  I urge my colleagues to join us in support of the Medicare Payment Equity Act. That is precisely what it is.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  