It could happen. It could happen. I have confidence it would not happen, but, then, one never knows.  Could I ask the distinguished Senator a question? And that is this: Right now, in the campaign process, we have regular contributions. As the distinguished Senator from South Carolina has pointed out, there are limits in terms of giving; in terms of individuals it is $1,000 an individual, et cetera. And he uses that as a reference point from which to control the total spending.  But in the real world, what we have found, more specifically in this last election cycle, those regular contributions are reported. If there is one thing I agree very strongly with the Senator from South Carolina on, it is we need full public disclosure. He referred to Steve Forbes. As a matter of fact, he was very candid with regard to Mr. Forbes' candidacy, and what happened to my dear friend and former senior Senator from Kansas, Bob Dole, in his campaign. So, public disclosure, I think, is very important. I think the American people are six jumps ahead of the whole process. If they discover where the money comes from and the amount of money spent, they make the appropriate decision.  But we have other contributions. We have independent expenditures, and in the Colorado case it is very clear where the court is. So here is the challenger and the incumbent limited in terms of spending, and then in comes a ``independent expenditure,'' which we all know in some cases are not quite so independent.  Then, second, we have other expenditures. They are called ``educational ads.''  How on Earth do we control those expenditures with the campaign limits envisioned in many of the alleged campaign reform bills? I can tell you, we have colleagues who subscribe to State campaign limits, only to find we have these other contributions coming in, these other expenditures, and, frankly, they were beaten about the head and shoulders so much in the last part of the campaign, they had to violate that campaign limit or they would have been defeated, paying a fine, filling out paperwork. It is a very unfair system. I do not see anything in this particular endeavor that would prevent that.  That is a long question for the Senator to answer.  Mr. McCONNELL. I would say to my friend from Kansas, most of us in the political arena do not like independent expenditures. But the court has made it quite clear that it is constitutionally protected speech. No matter how much we do not like it when people criticize us, these individuals and groups have a constitutional right to engage in these independent expenditures. As a result of the Colorado case, parties do as well.  In looking at the Hollings amendment, it seems to me that Congress would be given the power to completely shut up these groups. They could say, ``No longer can you speak at all.'' That way, we would be able to silence all of these people who do not like what we stand for, totally--totally--under this. If Congress is given the power to control the amount of expenditures that may be made ``by''--I assume that is the candidate--``in support of,'' referring to outside groups, or ``in opposition to,'' referring to outside groups, why, by golly, under this amendment we could shut them up entirely. Our lives would be a lot easier. We could just limit spending in the campaign to about $5,000, eliminate all the speech of these outside groups. Boy, you would never have any turnover here, would you?  