President, prior to discussing the amendment, I want to take this opportunity to associate myself with the most pertinent remarks stated by the distinguished Senator from Mississippi, the chairman of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, and the distinguished ranking member, the Senator from Arkansas. Chairman Cochran and the ranking member, Senator Bumpers, have demonstrated continued leadership and tireless efforts to make it possible for the American farmer and rancher to continue to feed this country and a troubled and hungry world.  Senator Cochran said in his earlier remarks that all have contributed. I would also like to extend my congratulations to the staff, both of Mr. Cochran and to Mr. Bumpers, and I would point out to the American consumer, all taxpayers as well as our farmers and ranchers about what is at stake here. It is just not the eighth or ninth appropriations bill we are considering in this Chamber, albeit that is important. We are talking about the fact that the American consumer today spends only 10 cents of the disposable income dollar for that so-called market basket of food.  Every housewife in America should pay attention to the fact that that frees up 90 cents for hard-pressed families today to spend on education or housing or the other essentials. And so we want to say thank you to Senator Cochran and Senator Bumpers for providing the funds to continue this vital responsibility of feeding America.  Senator Bumpers mentioned food safety. Now, we have heard a great outcry in regard to E. coli, salmonella, and other challenges we face, but as Senator Bumpers pointed out we have, hopefully, adequate funds to address that problem. So this bill deals with food safety. And I might point out that since we have the best quality of food at the lowest price, the American consumer today apparently cares more about convenience and the safety of their food supply rather than price. That is unequaled in regard to any country. And so this bill does address that.  I could go on about the trade aspects of the bill and our balance of payments and jobs. I could point out we all live longer as a result of the efforts of agriculture and farmers and ranchers and the investment we are making in this bill. Simply put, we do have the best quality food at the lowest price in the history of the world, and I think a lot of people do take agriculture for granted. The first obligation of any government is to provide its country an adequate food supply. Who is responsible for this? Many are, but two particular individuals, one the chairman of the committee and the other the ranking member. And I again wish to thank them.  As a matter of fact, I can recall several months ago that the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Cochran, and I were privileged to join Senator Stevens on a trip to the Russian Far East and to South Korea and to North Korea. We were the first congressional delegation allowed into North Korea. And in North Korea, the former leader of that country, if I can refer to that person as a leader, Kim Il-song, calledthe ``Magnificent Leader,'' by the way, has written a veritable tome of books about that kind of government. It is a very repressive and totalitarian government. But the first book--and I read it the evening we were there--starts out with agriculture and says the first obligation of any country is to be able to feed its people.  So while we were there we were working on the four-party peace talks, and we were trying to be a positive influence, and Senator Cochran has a great deal of expertise in regard to disarmament. He had this other idea; he insisted in regard to Senator Stevens, myself and others, we visit this collective farm. And the Senator made a good point. We went out and we visited it outside the capital city of Pyongyang, and we found a farm that had farming practices back in the 1930's, largely responsible, I might add, for the famine in that country.  I really think, if you stop to take a look at it, we ought to count our blessings in the fact we have outstanding individuals in the Senate such as Senator Bumpers and Senator Cochran responsible for the investment in American agriculture to allow us to do the things we do. I have been through what, five or six farm bills, having had the privilege of serving in the other body. Those are the authorizing committees. I also wish to thank Senator Cochran in particular for the way that he has handled the obligations and responsibilities of the appropriators. It is a difficult task to try to fit together our spending priorities with the policy objectives of the authorizers, and I must say in all candor, unlike the other body, Senator Cochran has closely cooperated with the authorizing committee, has done so with fairness, with tolerance and with respect and comity and also understanding and effective leadership. I think we have quite a team on the appropriations subcommittee involving agriculture appropriations, and I again wish to thank them. I thank Senator Bumpers and Senator Cochran on behalf of every farmer, every rancher, and every consumer in America. I think they have done an outstanding job.  Mr. President, I regret that I must offer this amendment. Quite honestly, it pains me to have to even suggest this course of action, but my responsibility to the farmers of America certainly compels me to do so. The purpose of this amendment is twofold. First, it allows this body to recognize that the Risk Management Agency--that is the outfit that administers the USDA's Federal Crop Insurance program--has failed to comply with the Federal Crop Insurance Act of 1994. That is 3 years ago.  Second, as a result of the Risk Management Agency's unwillingness to submit and implement a plan to reduce administrative and operating costs of approved insurance providers as required under the 1994 act, this amendment would withhold--I am not trying to cut, just withhold--funding of $4 million of funding from the RMA appropriation unless the plan is implemented by September 30, 1998.  Mr. President, farmers have always needed crop insurance in order to make ends meet, in order to work, but for too many years it was always either too expensive or provided too little coverage depending on what region you came from and what commodity. But we passed the 1994 Crop Insurance Act and privately developed crop insurance products surfaced as a replacement, very long needed replacement, to the old USDA-sponsored insurance programs. Now, while crop revenue coverage, or what we call CRC, is widely regarded as a revolutionary new risk management tool in farm country, we are providing farmers the capability, the tools, if you will, to manage their downside risk when prices fall. It is not like the old insurance products. The CRC protects both against price and yield risk. It is expensive, that is true, but it is worth the price for farmers who want adequate protection for their farm and their family. But, unfortunately, too often the USDA has taken an adversarial position to the development of these private crop insurance programs.  Too often the department has tried to compete with the private sector in the development and marketing of these products.  A few weeks ago, a crop insurance agent from Luray, KS, population about 500, came into my office and said: ``Senator Roberts, I really want to continue selling crop insurance because I know the farmers in our community need it, that our town depends on the farm economy for its survival. But, Senator, all the paperwork and redtape involved has forced me to hire additional people just to push the paper around. Unless the regulatory burden subsides, I am afraid I will have to stop selling crop insurance entirely.''  This amendment is all about that crop insurance agent and small town America. This amendment is all about the farmer, who tries to feed this very troubled and hungry world, who will invariably face higher crop insurance premiums as a result of USDA's intransigence. We cannot let this unfortunate situation threaten the viability of our crop insurance program and our farmers, the exciting new tools for the farmers to manage their downside risk.  I urge support for this amendment. I simply ask the risk management agency to do what the Congress and the President required of them back in 1994. We made that arrangement. We lowered the payments that went to the crop insurance companies in exchange for regulatory reform.  I don't know how many times I have asked the RMA folks, officials down there, where is the report? In 1994, no report; 1995, no report; 1996 no report; 1997--it's time. This is going to give them clear up to September 30, 1998. But this ought to at least open some eyes down at USDA that we need regulatory reform. That's what we asked for, that's what we required in the 1994 act. I ask consideration of the amendment.  