President, I am making today one of those ``I did not intend to make a speech, but here I am making a speech'' speeches. I think most would agree that opponents of so-called campaign reform--a term, by the way, which should top the oxymoron list of the 1990's--the opponents of this ill-advised attack on free speech have just about worn everybody out, even in Washington where people actually talk about such topics over dinner.  Some months ago, thanks to the distinguished Senator from Kentucky, I spoke on this issue and made what I thought was a pretty fair defense of free political discourse when the distinguished Senator from South Carolina proposed withdrawing first amendment protection from that same political discourse. Senator Hollings, by the way, was up front. He was candid in his approach, as opposed to the current proposals of so-called reform.  Having been through at least three campaign reform efforts in the House of Representatives as a member of the then Administration Committee and goodness knows how many campaign task forces, and having paid attention to the current debate, I have been hard pressed to figure out what can be said that has not been said. However, it appears as if there is a sure bet in regard to this topic. It is that those who insist that they propose reform, regardless of the consequences, and wave their reform banners from self-consecrated, high moral ground, they never seem to suffer from arm fatigue. When it comes to campaign reform, the high road of humility is not bothered by heavy traffic in this town.  Despite the fact there is no clear consensus or a majority in the Senate regarding alleged campaign reform, there is no mercy from the proponents of the effort to further federalize the American electoral system, and we will apparently debate and vote, debate and vote and say the same things over and over and over and over again. I would surmise this is going to get a little tiresome, if not painful. But apparently the failure of past reforms does not deter or change the minds of current reformers.  Well, when you know all the answers, you haven't asked all the questions. But in this debate, there is a new axiom: The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinions, and apparently the less a thing can be proven, the angrier we get when we argue about it.  Nevertheless, I think we have an obligation to at least try to set the record straight in regard to this issue and, in that regard, I would like to make the following observations:  First, the distinguished Democratic leader of the Senate, Senator Daschle, a good friend, stated on the floor that there should be no confusion--no confusion--that the question is, do you support meaningful reform in response to the hearings regarding all of the illegal campaign activities apparently conducted in the last Presidential campaign.  The only problem with the Senator's statement is that the campaign finance reform bill is not reform. Let me repeat that, it is a reform bill that is not reform. It will not work. It again leads us down the road to a maze of election laws, rules, and regulations that favor incumbents, restricts desired political participation on the part of the American people, and would tripwire honest candidates and citizens into criminal acts. To make matters worse, the bill is fundamentally flawed and is what I hope--I hope--is an unintended attack on the most basic right of individuals guaranteed by our Constitution, and that is the right of free speech, the right written first, the right without which no other right can long exist.  Well, I know that people who think they know it all often annoy those of us who really do, but for the life of me, how this concoction can be labeled or disguised as ``reform'' is beyond me.  Senator McConnell said it best when he stated:       My goal is to redefine reform, to move the debate away from      arbitrary limits and toward expanded citizen participation      and political discourse.  He said McCain-Feingold is a failed approach. It is. We already have it in the Presidential system. It is a failure.  So, for all the good press and good intentions, McCain-Feingold is a bad bill. Why? The basic premise of the bill is flawed, Mr. President. That premise is that too much money is corrupting politics. No, it is not.  Oh, now, now, I realize that our opponents and all of the so-called special interest groups--those groups who do not agree with us--they have too much money, I know that. And I realize when they spend it on negative ads opposing me or positions that I favor, that spending should be banned or limited --boy, I'm for that--or at least capped.  Too much spending? Compared to what? The Citizens Research Foundation has reported that campaign spending for all offices in 1996 added up to about $4 billion. All offices of the United States, $4 billion. That is a lot of money. But that compares to one-twentieth of 1 percent of the gross domestic product in our country of $7.6 trillion. One-twentieth of 1 percent is too much to set priorities on how those trillions will affect our daily lives and pocketbooks in the next generations of Americans? Compared to what?  Americans spend $20 billion on dry cleaning and laundry. One 30-second Super Bowl ad could finance three campaigns for Congress. Columnist George Will points out that millions of Americans gave $2.6 billion to 476 congressional campaigns and still had enough left over to spend $4.6 billion on potato chips. We can apply the same thing to yogurt or almost anything the American people will spend their hard-earned dollars on.  While having the privilege of presiding in this body, I remember well the chart displayed by proponents of this bill. It showed the so-called dramatic increase in campaign spending since 1976. It did not show the causes--the increase in postage, radio, TV, newspaper ads, printing, phone banks, campaign workers, all of that. It did not show virtually everything else that Americans must purchase in this country has also increased--homes, education, automobiles, health care--not to mention the purchasing power of the individual citizen.  Senator McConnell has pointed out that in 1996, we had a pretty high-stakes election, a very important election. There was a fierce ideological battle over the future of this country. On a per eligible voter basis, the congressional elections cost $3.89. Every voter in America, dividing it up equally, is $3.89, about 4 bucks. The Senator pointed out that that is roughly the cost of a McDonald's extra value meal.  The second major flaw I think in McCain-Feingold is that no matter how you try to regulate or cap the flow of money to campaigns, it reappears, most of the time in the murky and illegal shadows with little or no public disclosure. Witness the circumvention of current campaign laws in regard to the money laundering scheme among certain interest groups, the Democratic National Committee and the Teamsters Union.  To make matters worse, McCain-Feingold compounds the felony. Instead of focusing on blatant violations of current law, the reformers want to place limits on money spent to support or defeat candidates for election.  And therein, Mr. President, lies the ``Aha!'' of this current debate, what is really going on. As Paul Harvey says, the rest of the story. It is pretty simple, really. Just take the interest groups who are pushing for this so-called reform and then take a look at their legislative agenda. I wrote it down. I had a staff member go through it. All the interest groups that are for campaign finance reform and then their legislative agenda:  Nationalized health insurance; status quo on Medicare and Social Security--this is my version; increased Federal role in education; opposition to liability and tort reform; opposition to tax cuts; increased Federal role in environmental protection. I might support part of that. Opposition to a balanced budget; reduced defense spending; opposition to current welfare reform.  I am not trying to perjure these positions. They are honest positions. The AARP, AFL-CIO, Common Cause, and the many so-called nonprofit consumer groups have every right to express their views, and they do. These issues are bigtime stuff. How we decide these issues will affect the daily lives, pocketbooks, and future of every member of these organizations, every American.  Organized labor should weigh in. Boy, they sure as heck did in the last election in my campaign. But so should the business community and farmers and ranchers and small business Main Street America, and all of the folks who might just disagree on how we get there from here on these issues. The truth of it is this reform is skewed to a particular political point of view. It is called unilateral retreat from the political playing field for those who have a political view different from you, but we will continue our vote, our vote buying, really, through the Federal budget.  Take the proposal to ban so-called soft money. Ban soft money and all of the interest groups whose future is and will be decided in part by the decisions of those who propose the ban will simply bypass the Republican and Democratic Parties and will conduct their own campaigns, and we will have a further weakening of the two-party system. That is wrong. That is detrimental.  I know soft money has become a pejorative, but, in fact, it is the only money spent today on campaigns by the American people that is not under control of the Federal Government. We haven't got our fishhooks into the regulations and redtape and all that goes with it.  Are we really saying, Mr. President, are we really saying that in America citizens and various interests groups whose very economic future depends on the decisions we make in this Congress cannot support or oppose those candidates? Think about it. ``I'm sorry, you cannot invest in good government, you cannot express your point of view independent from the FEC.'' There are many countries in which that is the case--China, Iraq, Iran, North Korea. I do not think we want to go down that road.  ``I am sorry, Farmer Jones, you cannot run an ad or distribute a handbill opposing Pat Roberts in his freedom-to-farm bill 60 days before the election. That's soft money. You can't do it.'' The same thing for farm organizations or commodity groups--unless, of course, you are a newspaper or a labor union.  How do you define a newspaper, by the way? It used to be to be a newspaper you had a hatrack, and then you had a typewriter, and you had a letter press, and you had somebody run it. You had a list. You had advertisers. You had to get your printing equipment somewhere. You had the local printing contract for the county.  Today, a newspaper is when you have a computer. You can manufacturer your own newspaper--Pat Roberts Weekly News, published every day. I do not know how you are going to define this. Who is going to be in charge?  Finally, let me stress the most serious flaw in the McCain-Feingold bill, and that is money spent to express your views or the views of voters cannot be regulated or banned without being at odds with the first amendment. We simply cannot improve the integrity of any political system by restricting the political speech under the banner of reform.  Speech controls in the last 60 days of a campaign envisioned in the bill represent the lawyer full-employment act. Just read the provisions exempting the voter guides and try to figure it out.  Well, finally, I must say, with all due respect--this may be viewed as a little partisan on my part--but with all due respect, that the administration's position in regard to campaign finance represents a new threshold for what is political chutzpah. Here we have evidence presented before the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee itemizing campaign malfeasance that includes everything from Buddhist nuns; unprecedented misuse of our Nation's intelligence agencies--let me repeat, unprecedented misuse of the CIA for campaign activities--that is unprecedented; money laundering in exchange for taking sides in a Teamsters election; a fugitive influence peddler bribing his way to the President's side--he did not get his way, thank goodness--soft money turned to hard, circumventing existing campaign limits; and now missing tapes of the White House coffees or fundraisers.  In answer to all of this, Mr. President, the people who have been caught with their hands in the campaign violation cookie jar say we need a new cookie jar. President Clinton stating he will take the bully pulpit for campaign finance reform is like somebody charged with drunk driving insisting we lower the speed limit for everybody else.  Mr. President, in regard to President Clinton, the administration and the proponents of reform that is not reform, the greatest of faults is to be conscious of none. In this regard, I do not mean to malign the President or my dear friends across the aisle, but this is not reform. I urge a ``no'' vote on cloture. Let us get on with the business of the Senate in the United States.  Oh, and real campaign reform? As stated by Robert Samuelson in his column in Newsweek, ``The best defense against the undue influence of money is to let candidates raise it from as many sources as possible--and most important--'' most important, do not infringe upon the first amendment, ``let the public see who is giving.'' They can figure it out. They are six jumps ahead of Washington and any proponent of reform we have in this body. ``That would be genuine reform.''  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL addressed the Chair.  