President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Texas for yielding. I especially thank her for obtaining this time to discuss our policy, the American policy on Bosnia, at what I consider a special time, a real crossroads time to determine exactly what that policy is.  The Senator has already pointed out that we were in Bosnia over the recentbreak at different times--very close, but at different times. I went as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and, as a matter of fact, I received briefings in Prague, Budapest, Bosnia, and London. Most of the concern in regard to those people in charge of our intelligence capability was in regard to Bosnia and, obviously, we spoke with the officials within our embassies, as well as the SFOR command and those of the military.  I came back after visiting Sarajevo, Tazar, our staging base in Hungary, and Tuzla, which is the SFOR command center. I must say that I share many of the concerns with the Senator from Texas. There is progress in Sarajevo. If you land in Sarajevo, you will get a briefing by the embassy that indicates that the 90-percent figures in relation to unemployment have now been reduced to 50; the shops, the markets--the famous market that literally exploded on CNN, really that first great atrocity where American people became aware of the severe problems there, that is back in business. The schools are now operating, and we know that there is income in Sarajevo because the gypsies are back. The areas over the main highway obviously are very heavily mined. That is still a big problem. I arrived I think at a very special time, I would tell my colleague from Texas, because it was just after the President's special emissary, Mr. Richard Holbrooke, had arrived in Bosnia. And I must say that in my personal opinion that up to that point we were drifting in Bosnia, and I think with Mr. Holbrooke's arrival there was a new impetus, if you will.  A week prior to that the British--our allies over there, part of the SFOR command--had arrested and captured and killed one or two of the war criminals. As that happened, the Embassy officials that we visited with indicated that certainly did a lot for our credibility in regard to that area; that up to that point there had been some drift.  So I asked all of our intelligence people, I asked the SFOR command, and I asked our Embassy people: Had the mission changed? Because obviously if we are going to adopt that kind of an aggressive posture in Bosnia; that is, really going after the war criminals to locate and to capture and to prosecute them--that certainly is a different kind of mission that many of us here in the Senate, and I might add in the House, envisioned for our United States troops in Bosnia.  They reiterated the following.  No. 1: The relevancy of the United States in Bosnia is peacekeeping, refugee resettlement, economic restoration, democracy building, and the war criminal issue.  I think the mission has been changed. I think it has been changed substantially. I think we have gone from peacekeeping to peace enforcement. I think we now are disarming, if you will, the police that Mr. Karadzic has around him in Srpska. It is a very aggressive overt effort. We are now taking over radio and TV stations and apparently giving them back after a fuss is raised by a mob against our NATO troops.  I think we have a timetable. I think this is a must-do situation prior to the elections to be held later on this month in Srpska. I think we have taken sides in that election overtly. I think it is very clear in that regard. And I think we made a decision that before winter comes in that area we must do something about the war criminals. Why? It is pretty easy to point out.  I know that this is a very small replica of persons indicted for war crimes. I have a much larger chart. Time did not permit me to bring it over from the office. These are 79 individuals that are pictured here--10 are in custody now--of the war criminals or the persons indicted for the war crimes. Let me just say, I said 79 and 78. They are indicted by the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal in the Hague for grave breaches of the 1949 Geneva Convention, violations of laws, customs of war, and crimes against humanity.  The person I would like to draw to your attention is a young man 34 years old who is still at large. He is only 34 years old. The charges are from about May 7, 1992, to early July 1992. There were hundreds of Muslim and Croat men and women confined at the Luka camp in inhumane conditions under armed guard. These detainees were systematically killed at Luka almost every day during that time. The accused, often assisted by camp guards, entered Luka's main hangar where most of the detainees were kept, selected detainees for interrogation, beat them, and often shot them. They killed them. It goes on here. I would just say simply that the descriptions involved remind you of the Nazi war crimes. I will not go into that.  But obviously if these people are not brought to justice there is no chance for peace in Bosnia. Who is going to do this job? The Senator from Texas has already indicated that it is pretty obvious now that the NATO troops are. That is a clear difference, or a clear policy change, from peacekeeping. I call it peace enforcement.  