 What I would like to talk about is the reaction in regards to how the American people feel about this. It is the American public that must be fully informed and aware of what responsibilities NATO will entail and what expansion would mean to our American men and women in uniform.  What about the American public? Last April, the Roper Starch worldwide poll asked Americans the level of support for using armed forces in certain situations. I don't think the American people are isolationist, but I think there is understandable concern about risking American lives in political wars of gradualism.  The Senator from Texas went to Bosnia, Brcko, took a look at Tuzla and Sarajevo, and is very concerned about mission creep and again repeating the past mistakes in political wars of gradualism.  The American public understands that. If the United States were attacked, 84 percent of those polled supported using force--84 percent if we were attacked. I don't know about the other 16 percent. If our forces stationed overseas were attacked, 50 percent supported armed intervention. To safeguard peacekeeping within the framework of the United Nations, the support dropped to 35 percent. Hello. And to stop an invasion of one country by another, which is called for in article V in regard to NATO expansion, the support fell sharply to 15 percent.  I took my own poll. It was after the Dodge City Rodeo in August. I met with the Ford County, KS, wheat growers. They are good friends of mine, long-time friends and constituents. I told them I was going to the Czech Republic, Bosnia, and Hungary. The price of wheat depended in part on world trade and security. The heads nodded. But in that particular case, I tell my distinguished friend and colleague from Texas, there wasn't much support until we took a hard look in regard to Bosnia and to NATO enlargement. As a matter of fact, one farmer said, ``My son is over there. He is a foreign linguist in the National Guard unit over there. He should be back.'' So I think we really need to demonstrate not only to the Ford County, KS, wheat growers but to all Americans as evidenced by this poll what are our vital national security interests in regards to NATO expansion and answer those tough questions about cost, what happens in relation to Russia and what happens in terms of the long-term best interests of our foreign policy.  Again, I thank the Senator from Texas and I yield the floor.  