President, I appreciate this opportunity to speak in behalf of the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  I especially thank two of my colleagues, Mr. Domenici, the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, and Mr. Hatch, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee for their longstanding leadership and efforts in behalf of this legislation and in effect, enabling us to protect the financial and economic future of our children and their children.  Mr. President, for those who have had the perseverance and tenacity to pursue this goal, it has at times been a lonely trail. Whatever success we might achieve and I hope that we will achieve has been in large part due to the efforts of these two Senators.  I have read some interesting commentary regarding this effort. Our opponents predict dark budget clouds for Social Security and any other program deemed essential to a particular economic interest group. But, contrary to that dire prediction, I see a bright future with the sum of the balanced budget parts. I see a nation with 6.1 million more jobs in 10 years. I see lower interest rates that will directly affect the daily lives and pocketbooks of every citizen in terms of the amount of hard-earned income they pay now for living essentials, health care, housing, education loans, food, and transportation. With a 2-percent drop in interest rates, how would you like 6 months of groceries free or corresponding savings in your health care premium costs, mortgage payment, student loan? Compare those savings with the marginal reductions in the amount of growth of Federal programs.  In his State of the Union Address, the President said: ``Don't give me a balanced budget amendment; give me a balanced budget.''  I must say I agree. But, with all due respect, Mr. President, many of my colleagues and I have done just that to no avail. During the last session of Congress, we sent two balanced budgets to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and despite exhaustive effort, we were not able to reach agreement or accommodation.  However, I must say that passing the balanced budget amendment and two budgets that were, in fact, in balance did provide the kind of fiscal backbone and tenacity not seen in the Congress for decades. In my own case, I was proud of our efforts within the House Agriculture Committee in enacting farm program and food stamp reform that also produced an estimated $33 billion in savings over the life of the budget agreement. So, I agree with you. It can be done. And, with our reform of farm program policy passing by overwhelming margins, we also proved there is bipartisan support for true reform and budget savings. We also achieved considerable budget savings in discretionary spending at the conclusion of the appropriations process; something unique to the last Congress.  However, the real problem is that while there is considerable talk about accepting responsibility and standing four square for a balanced budget, there are serious differences of opinion as to how to bring the budget into balance. Which programs will be cut? Do we have the political wherewithal to save Medicare and other entitlements? In this regard, the President and many of our friends across the aisle stated over and over again they are for a balanced budget but not that budget--that budget meaning any cuts in their favorite and priority programs.  And, I must say, despite the fact that a Republican Congress and the President were within $10 a month difference in regard to preventing Medicare bankruptcy, the fact we were not able to reach agreement and the fact that the Democrat Party made a conscious decision to make Medicare a top issue in last year's campaign, I am not overly confident any budget agreement can be worked out--unless we have to--unless there is some outside discipline that will force Congress to get the job done. The lure of political opportunism is just too great, the coming debate regarding Social Security being a classic example.  The real question is, does the Congress have the fortitude, the perseverance and the tenacity to balance the budget? Despite good men and women of both parties and the best of intentions, it is now the 28th year in which a majority in the Congress has failed in efforts for the Federal Government to live within its means. We all agree we must make progress toward a balanced budget and then during the course of political deliberations we most generally agree to disagree as to how to achieve this goal. It is clear that if there is anything to be learned during the time we have regretfully experienced ever increasing deficits, it is that we need a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution to get the job done.  With the fall of the Greek Republic as an example, there is a theory that a democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. The theory is it can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits with the result that a democracy always collapses over a loose fiscal policy.  That is the theory. If true, it is a terrible prospect.  Mr. President, I choose not to accept that dire prediction but I must say given our most recent history and given the fact our best efforts fell short during the last session of Congress, I believe this debate, this legislation, and this time represents our vest best opportunity to set our Nation's fiscal house in order.  As President Clinton stated, ``We don't need a constitutional amendment to balance the budget, we need action.'' Again, with due respect to the President, it is indeed time for action and for action, we need a constitutional amendment to get the job done.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Snowe). The Senator from Michigan.  