President, I thank the distinguished Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, and ranking member. Everyone involved in our military and our national security owes Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye a depth of gratitude for their outstanding leadership.  Mr. President, I rise in strong support of the provisions contained in the defense appropriations bill--so kindly referred to by the chairman as the Roberts amendment--that will force the Clinton administration to clearly and articulately justify our policy in the use of military forces in Bosnia. Additionally, Mr. President, these provisions will also force Congress to debate the Bosnian dilemma and our policy in that shattered region.  These provisions are about being honest with the American public.  Specifically, these provisions require the President to certify to Congress by May 15 of next year that the continued presence of U.S. forces in Bosnia is in our national security interests, and why.  He must state the reasons for deployment, and the expected duration of deployment.  He must provide numbers of troops deployed, estimate the dollar costs involved, and give the effect of such deployment on overall effectiveness of our U.S. forces.  Most importantly, the President must provide a clear statement of our mission, and our objective.  And he must provide an exit strategy for bringing our troops home.  If these specifics are not provided to the satisfaction of the Congress, funding for military deployment in Bosnia will end next May.  Let me repeat: We are requiring the administration--and, yes; the Congress--to clearly articulate our Bosnia policy, justify use of military forces, and tell us when and under what circumstances our troops can come home.  That is not asking too much.  In my view, events of recent weeks make this an urgent matter. It has become increasingly clear to me that in the wake of the Dayton accords, and after drifting for months, and with elections on the near horizon and the crippling winter only weeks away, the United States went from peacekeeping to peace enforcement with what I consider to be dubious tactics.  Troop protection, refugee relocation, democracy building, economic restoration, and, oh, by the way, if we run across a war criminal let's arrest him. Those goals have been replaced.  So today we see increased troop strengths--perhaps up to 16,000--we have picked a U.S. candidate in the election process, we have embarked upon an aggressive disarmament and location, and capture and prosecution of war criminals.  Is this mission creep, or is it long overdue action, Mr. President? And will these goals accomplish realistic progress?  Item: The world was treated to the spectacle of American troops, the symbol of freedom's defenders, taking over a Bosnia television station in an effort to muzzle its news. The troops were stoned by angry citizens. We gave the TV station back.  Item: In the country where benevolent leaders are scarce, we have chosen up sides, supporting the cause of one candidate over another. It is a cynical approach, it seems to this Senator, to foreign policy that says to the world, ``Sure, he--or she--is a dictator, but he's our dictator.'' At least for the time being.  Item: Elections were conducted but to cast ballots--listen up--to cast ballots many citizens had to be bussed back to their homes, which they cannot now, or may never, occupy to vote for officials who will never serve unless SFOR stands at the ready.  In the Civil War in the United States, Quantrill's Raiders sacked Lawrence, then fled to Missouri. Should his ruffians have been bussed back to Lawrence to vote for city council? That makes about as much sense.  Item. A United States diplomat overruled a Norwegian judge, whose decision disqualified candidates with ties to indicted war crime suspect Radovan Karadzic. Members of the group overseeing the elections threatened to resign. Posters of Elmer Fudd--I am not making this up. That's right, the cartoon character Elmer Fudd sprouted up as a protest to ``free'' elections by one faction.  NATO forces, which include U.S. troops, have been cast into the role of cops on the beat chasing war crimes suspects. Just arrest Mr. Karadzic, we are told, try him for war crimes, and our problems will be solved.  Mr. President, as the New York Times pointed out recently, much as we do not like it, ``Mr. Karadzic reflects widely held views in Serbian society.'' Those views are real.  Do these events reflect a sound, defensible Bosnian policy that is in our national interest? Or do they sound an ominous alarm as America is dragged down into a Byzantine nightmare straight out of a Kafka novel?  I visited Bosnia, like many of my colleagues. I talked with the troops in August, met with the officers, met with intelligence officials. They are outstanding individuals. They deserve our support, our respect, our gratitude. They are doing an outstanding job, Mr. President, even though they have not been given a coherent mission.  Just this past week, Gen. Hugh Shelton, our outstanding nominee for Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was asked at his confirmation hearing by Senator McCain of Arizona whether there is a strategy to remove United States troops from Bosnia, and the general was stumped. Let me repeat that. The general admitted he was aware of no exit strategy by the administration. That awareness is repeated in Tazar, Mr. President, which is our staging base in southern Hungary, 7 days in for our troops and 7 days out. We have no clear idea of how to extract them.  If the provisions of this bill do nothing else, they should force a major reexamination of our Bosnian involvement from top to bottom.  Now, our former Secretary of Defense, Casper Weinberger, articulated six conditions for military intervention, Mr. President. I repeat them here today just to show how much our Bosnian policy is lacking. He said troops should be committed only when the following things happen: No. 1. Vital national interests are threatened. I do not think that is the case in Bosnia. The United States clearly intends to win. We did win. We stopped the fighting. But the political settlement is contrary to the means by which we stopped the fighting. We separated the ethnic groups. Now we are trying to put them back together again. The intervention has precisely defined political and military objectives. As the former Secretary of Defense said, there is reasonable assurance that intervention will be supported by the American people and the Congress. The commitment of American forces and their objectives can bereassessed and adjusted, if necessary. And, finally, Secretary Weinberger said this: The commitment of forces to combat is undertaken as a last resort.  As Chairman Stevens will tell you, our involvement in Bosnia has come at a large price. There are approximately 10,000 troops. I personally think it is closer to 16,000. That is nearly one-third of the 35,000 NATO troops involved. From 1996 to 1998, costs are estimated to be $7.8 billion--almost $8 billion. That figure, too, may escalate.  In justifying our policy in Bosnia, the administration must include a plan to fund the costs. Do they intend to take these rising costs out of the current defense budget, money we need for modernization and procurement and quality of life for the armed services to protect our vital national security interests? Or is the administration prepared to come clean and ask for the money up front?  Finally, I offer these thoughts. All of us in this body, and I know President Clinton, Secretary of State Albright, Secretary of Defense Cohen, all of us, desperately want lasting peace in Bosnia--all of our allies as well. We want the killing to stop. We have stopped the killing. We want stability in that part of the world, permanent peace and permanent stability. But wishing it does not make it so.  Richard Grenier, writing for the Washington Times put it this way:       Generally speaking, Serbs didn't love Croats, Croats didn't      love Serbs, nor do either of them love Muslims. Reciprocally,      Muslims love neither the Croats or Serbs. What happened to      the lessons we are supposed to have learned in Beirut and      Somalia? What happened to our swearing off mission creep?       But here we go again in Bosnia. Once again, our goal was at      first laudably humanitarian: to stop the killing. But it      expanded as we thought how wonderful it would be if we could      build a beautiful, tolerant, multiethnic Bosnia on the model      of American multiculturalism.  I respond. The Bosnian situation is complex. It is shrouded by centuries--centuries--of conflict that only a few understand. What we have seen in recent months is a lull in the fighting, not the end. It is a fragile ``peace,'' held together only by a continued presence of military force. How long can that continue? Are we prepared to pay the price?  This week, National Security Adviser Sandy Berger said the United States must remain engaged in Bosnia beyond June of this year but that continued American troop presence has not yet been decided. It is time to decide.  Now, compare that statement with the advice of former Secretary of State, Dr. Henry Kissinger, who wrote just this week:       America has no national interest for which to risk lives to      produce a multiethnic state in Bosnia.  Mr. President, no more drift. No more drift. It is time for candor, for honesty and clear purpose. Let the debate begin.  I urge acceptance of these provisions. We owe them as a debt of honesty to the American people. We owe them to our military men and women with their lives on the line.  I yield the floor.  