President, I come to this issue not only as a Member ofthe Senate, but also as a former newspaperman. So when we get to the freedom-of-speech issue, I have some pretty strong feelings. In saying that, I want to make it abundantly clear--very clear--that I do not, in any way, question the intent of the supporters, but I do question their practical effect.  When I was presiding, I listened intently to the distinguished Senator from South Carolina, whom I respect. I was very interested in his comments with regard to the kind of political debate that he would like to go back to, that I would like to go back to. He calls it a stump speech. In South Carolina, it is a stump speech. My wife is from South Carolina. Many times I have listened to the distinguished Senators from South Carolina. It is a privilege to hear them discuss the issues--old-style campaigning and politics, grassroots politics. In Kansas we call it ``listening tours.'' I had the privilege before serving in this body to be in the lower body. I represented 66 counties. I went on a listening tour every August. It took about 5,000 miles and about 3 weeks. That is the old style of discussing the issues for people where they come to the courthouse and the sale barn or the Rotary Club. And we would discuss the issues. I enjoyed that. The Senator from South Carolina is a master. That is why the people doubtless send him back to represent that outstanding State.  In entering this debate I am reminded that America has been here before. It seems to me that our task today is a moral and ethical and philosophical exploration of free speech, and its role in the political affairs of mankind. It is that serious. It is that encompassing.  ``Tyranny, like Hell, is not easily conquered,'' said the patriot Thomas Paine in ``Common Sense.''  This resolution--not the intent, but this resolution--in terms of practical effect is tyranny. Adopt it and wonder whether ``Common Sense'' could exist in our time in terms of public distribution and dissemination and understanding.  This resolution is tyranny of the worst kind: Government tyranny. Adopt it and wonder whether ``The Federalist Papers,'' written by James Madison and John Jay to influence voters in New York to adopt a new Constitution, could, in fact, exist in our time.  Listen carefully to this resolution where Congress and the States are given unlimited power to set limits. Limits on what? Limits on ``* * * the amount of contributions that may be accepted by, and the amount of expenditures that may be made by, in support of, or in opposition to a candidate for nomination for election to, or for election to * * *'' Federal, State, and local offices.  Now my colleagues, I urge you. Do not be misled. The debate today is not about elections. It is not about campaign finance reform. We are all for that, more especially in regard to public disclosure, as the distinguished Senator from South Carolina certainly has described in his remarks. It is not about Republicans, or Democrats, or what party controls the Congress. That is not what it is about.  It is, rather, about the most basic right of individuals guaranteed by our Constitution--the right of free speech, the right written first, the right without which no other right can long exist.  Listen carefully again to the language of the first amendment, which we proposed to change:       Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of      religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or      abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the      right of the people to peaceably assemble, and to petition      the government for a redress of grievances.  My colleagues, those words have magic. They are among the most important accomplishments of mankind. Democracy is an experiment in progress. Yet, the rights guaranteed in the first amendment have stood for more than 200 years. Seldom have legislative assaults on the first amendment been so far-reaching and so onerous as the resolution that we debate today.  Columnist George Will has called this effort more dangerous than the infamous Alien and Sedition Acts passed in 1798. Those laws placed Government controls on specific kinds of speech. This resolution proposes general Government controls on both the quantity and the quality of political speech.  The Alien and Sedition Acts were passed by a young country that had adopted, but did not fully appreciate, the first amendment rights of free speech. They were passed because some in the Government didn't like what some of its citizens were saying about politicians, politics, and Government.  Like we are today, some in the Government were worried, of course, about the national security. But it is instructive to note that Government's attempt to limit free speech is like walking in a swamp--your good intentions are tugged and pulled simply from all sides.  Abigail Adams, for example, urged passage of the acts to deal with Benjamin Franklin Bache. He was an editor who had referred to her husband as ``old, querulous, bald''--I can sympathize with that--``blind, crippled, toothless.''  He was arrested but died before he could be prosecuted, according to historians Jean Folkerts and Dwight Teeter in their book, Voices of a Nation.  Twenty-five persons were charged under the sedition laws. Included was one unlucky customer in a Newark tavern who staggered into the sunlight to make a negative comment about John Adams' anatomy as the President's carriage passed by.  Only after the rights of American citizens to speak freely were trampled by their Government did our young country come to appreciate the real meaning of the first amendment.  James Madison and Thomas Jefferson objected to the attack on free speech with their Virginia and Kentucky resolutions.  Madison presented the importance of free speech to democratic government. His argument has great relevance to our discussion today as he drew the connection between free speech and elections.  ``Let it be recollected, lastly, that the right of electing members of the government constitutes more particularly the essence of a free and responsible government. The value and efficacy of this right depends on the knowledge of the comparative merits and demerits of the candidates for public trust; and on the equal freedom, consequently of examining and discussing these merits and demerits of the candidates respectively.''  That is the essence of free political speech. That is the essence of the philosophy advanced by the great philosophers like John Milton, John Locke, John Stuart Mill: The consent of a marketplace of ideas based on unfettered speech and thought.  Mill argued that people could trade their false notions for true ones only if they could hear the true ones. And he denounced all government attempts to censure expression.  One of America's great jurists, Louis Brandeis, warned us to ``be most on guard to protect liberty when the Government's purposes are beneficent * * *''  We could substitute ``reform'' for ``beneficent.''  ``* * * the greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.''  Well, the advocates of this resolution want us to believe that the need for Congress to limit campaign spending is so great that the first amendment's rights are secondary. Well, first let me lay to rest any notion that virtually everybody in this distinguished body is somehow against campaign reform. It is the definition of campaign reform in the practical effect that is exceedingly important. But the proponents of this legislation further argue that limits on campaign spending are really not limits on speech at all. I think that is the point that was made by the distinguished Senator from South Carolina.  The Supreme Court, in its Buckley decision, dispensed with that argument in this way: Yes. It was a 5-to-4 vote. Yes. I know it is controversial. But listen.  ``A restriction on the amount of money a person or group can spend on political communication during a campaign necessarily reduces the quantity of expression by restricting the number of issues discussed, the depth of their exploration, and the size of the audience reached.  I can go to 66 counties or 105 counties in Kansas, and I can meet with everyfarmer, businessman, any member of a civic group, and I can discuss the issues. And when I am done, I have probably touched 1 percent of the populace.  This decision by the Supreme Court certainly applies.  ``This is because,'' and I am quoting again, ``virtually every means of communicating ideas in today's mass society requires the expenditure of money.''  I wish it was not so but that is the case.  ``The distribution of the humblest handbill or leaflet entails printing, paper, and circulation costs. Speeches and rallies generally necessitate hiring a hall and publicizing the event.''  ``The electorate's increasing dependence on television, radio''--and I am quoting again from the Buckley decision--``and other mass media for news and information has made these expensive modes of communication indispensable instruments of effective political speech.''  Now, in Kansas, Mr. President, a full-page advertisement in the Topeka Capital Journal costs $4,400. One 30-second television ad to reach across the State costs more than $33,000. Too much? Well, I would think it would be too much. Of course, if you are the publisher of the Capital Journal, or the advertising manager, or the same in regard to the TV station and you look at your costs and the comparative costs of what is happening in today's mass communications, it might not be too much. That is the going rate. I do not think we can legislate that rate. Even speech via the Internet or the Postal Service requires the spending of resources.  Now, suppose we adopt this resolution and that it is ratified by the States. What will we tell the Kansas business owner who wishes to petition his Government either for a redress of any kind of a grievance or to criticize a candidate or to urge the election of another candidate? Will we say that free political speech is only a half-page of advertisement? In our infinite wisdom as incumbents in office, will we say free speech only applies to 15 seconds at one TV station?  Mr. McCONNELL. Will the Senator yield?  