President, I am pleased to join a bipartisan majority of my colleagues today in support of Senate Resolution 98 that puts the Senate on record against any United Nations-sponsored global climate change treaty that would be binding on only developed nations.  It had been U.S. policy until last year that the United States would pursue voluntary programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels. This made sense, the science is not clear on global warming and no nation should risk their economic well being because of environmental extremism that ignores the call for sound science.  However, Deputy Secretary of State Tim Wirth last year at the Berlin meeting of the Conference of Parties of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change suddenly changed the voluntary course of action. Under the White House's supervision, Deputy Secretary Wirth proposed global warming treaty language that would force the United States and smaller developed nations like Great Britain and Germany, to control their greenhouse gas emissions, but purposefully exempts so-called developing nations such as China, India, South Korea, Mexico, and Brazil, from the binding treaty language.  It is fact that China and India will exceed United States greenhouse gas emissions early next century, but they will be exempt from this U.N.-designed treaty. These developing nations will have no international authority regulating their industries or way of life. As a result, the White House is meekly declining to be forceful in its negotiations and would rather unilaterally disarm our economy that is based on power. If Deputy Secretary Wirth and others supporting this treaty are so concerned, perhaps they can tell me how stopping United States carbon dioxide emissions while letting China and India pollute will help their environmental cause. What is the benefit? There is none under this treaty if these nations are not brought into the same global scheme as the United States.  Mr. President we are really talking about a legally binding greenhouse gas treaty. Sounds like Washingtonese to Mr. and Mrs. America, but what it really means is the White House is telling the world that developed nations feel guilty about their strong and vibrant industrial base, therefore they must be causing global warming. Deputy Secretary of State Tim Wirth in his June 19 testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee admitted that because the United States produces 20 percent of the world's carbon emissions and has only 4 percent of the world's population that Congress, without sound science on global warming, mandate that business and consumers stop using their cars, trucks, combines, trains, and boats, not to mention shutting down factories to ease the pain of others about our quality of life.  In 1990, the United States produced more than 26 percent of the world's goods and services, while producing only 20 percent of its carbon emissions. Deputy Secretary Wirth also failed to show that America's air is getting cleaner because in the Environmental Protection Agency's report National Air Quality and Emissions Trends Report, 1995 documented improvement in air quality over the past 9 years. This improvement in air quality seems to baffle the EPA and supporters of the binding treaty because our air quality keeps improving despite the growth of the U.S. population, more automobile use, not to mention the growth in our gross domestic product.  And, what are the particulars of this globally binding treaty? Perhaps they are reluctant to tell the folks in Dodge City, America, this treaty will establish a global greenhouse trading emissions system. This means some international body, probably the United Nations, will be responsible for tracking our use of fossil fuels in the United States. The United Nations will be required to know how much jet fuel and diesel the Marines, Air Force, Army, and Navy use. The White House has not even discussed the national security implications of this treaty with the Senate Armed Services Committee.  Wake up, farm country, the U.N. scientific panel blames agriculture for more than 20 percent of human-caused greenhouse gas emissions and has proposed the following proposals for agriculture:  Increased fuel economy requirements, meaning that pickups will be lighter and cannot carry as much feed and seed;  Phaseout of diesel fuel. What does the President propose we burn in tractors?  Limitations on production per acre; been there done that.  Mandate for no-till, forcing farmers to use planters that may not be right for their crops or soil;  Restrictions on livestock production to reduce methane emission. Evidently the United Nations does not like cow flatulence;  Restrictions on fertilizer; and  Restrictions on processing and transportation of food products.  This is uncalled for and I joined with my Senate colleagues on the Agriculture Committee in a letter to the Vice President on March 14 expressing our deep concern that the White House greenhouse proposal was ignorant of the likely mandatory restrictions on the world's food and fiber supplier. Our agriculture policies are the responsibility of the U.S. Congress in consultation with the President. The United Nations should have no say whatsoever in planting, tilling, or harvesting. In our letter we asked the administration to analyze and brief us on the following points regarding agriculture.  First, the potential effect of climate change on U.S. agriculture and livestock production.  Second, the estimated greenhouse gas emission resulting from the production of crops and livestock in the United States.  Third, the net contribution of U.S. forests and crops soaking up greenhouse gases.  Fourth, actions and controls necessary to reduce agricultural greenhouse gas emissions to comply with obligations that may arise under the treaty and an economic analysis of their impact on U.S. farmers and ranchers.  Fifth, whether and to what extent greenhouse gas emission controls would disadvantage agriculture producers in this country compared to producers in other countries with fewerstringent emission controls or no controls at all.  The silence from the White House about our concern is evident that they are waiting until December when Congress is safely at home that they will reveal the treaty includes a carbon fuel tax. Fortunately, my astute colleagues in the Senate have been able to extract pieces of this plan through congressional hearings. The White House will impose a Btu tax on energy sources like gasoline, diesel, and electricity. According to congressional testimony by Dr. Janet Yellen, chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisors, that a $100 tax for every ton of carbon produced from fossil fuels will be needed to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels. I know that some of my seasoned colleagues recall that this is the same administration that in 1993 proposed a complicated Btu tax on fossil fuels.  Mr. President, a Btu tax is unneeded and goes against everything the Congress and White House has been struggling for over the past 2 months, a balanced budget with income-tax breaks. What would this Btu tax cost the family, the small businessman, or farmer? Well, some economists believe that to reach the 1990 level of U.S. carbon dioxide emissions that the Btu tax would be comparable to an increase of at least a quarter, if not two, in the Federal gas tax. That's a lot of money for the pizza man or the single mother shuttling kids between school and soccer practice. The same thing happens on these folks' power bills every month because coal or natural gas is used to generate electricity that provides them a warm home in the winter and a cool house in the summer.  Coming from an energy-intensive State where we have to drive long ways to reach home or work, this tax is senseless. Specifically, it will hurt our farmers, who EPA Administrator Browner called earlier this week the ``backbone of America.'' A Btu tax will dramatically affect the bottom line of farmers and ranchers. An analysis of the 1993 Btu tax proposal by the Kansas State University Department of Agriculture Economics determined that would have cost Kansas farmers from $1,311 to $4,531 depending on their location in the Sunflower State. That is a lot of money, and if the crops are bad, it hurts producers' bottom line even more.  Here are some specifics from the report that need to be closely examined because they will mirror what the White House will be proposing. A Rice County, KS, farmer planting continuous cropped wheat under the 1993 proposed Btu tax cost per acre would have increased by $1.45. For a northeast Kansas dryland milo farmer in Brown County, his cost per acre would have risen by $2.90. The same Brown County farmer growing corn, which Kansas is increasing its acreage under freedom to farm, would have paid $3.58 per acre for corn under a Btu tax. A Miami County farmer raising hay and alfalfa costs per acre would have gone up $2.91. why can't the White House give us this information about their treaty proposal?  What concerns me is that the administration is paying attention to the questionable science on global warming and is blindly putting the U.S. agriculture industry in an uneconomical production straitjacket that will do more harm on a global scale. The Kansas State University study determined that the majority of a Btu tax will be passed on in the price of fertilizer, ag chemicals, fuels, and grain drying costs. I would like to quote directly from the study: ``[I]n return, the manager will not be able to pass these costs on in terms of higher commodity prices. Farm managers may reduce the use of energy-intensive inputs to some degree, resulting in smaller production and increased commodity prices.'' While I am never one to question higher wheat prices, I would if it meant forcing farmers from using diesel or fallowing fields because the United Nations suggested it to meet the treaty's requirement.  The study summary goes on. ``An increase in the costs of production will reduce the supply of farm crops.'' We, the United States, who proudly supplies the rest of the world with wheat, corn and almost every imaginable natural product, probably cannot provide food to these developing nations clamoring for international food aid if our production costs increase. If our production goes down, our domestic market will become paramount and the United States may have to ignore the poor and hungry of other nations that we have been feeding for tens of years.  My colleagues, the administration was in the process of trying to develop a specific economic model to predict what the costs of this binding treaty would be on America, not only farms, but all industries. But, the administration told the Congress they specifically wanted the model to be peer reviewed to ensure there would be no questions about its results. However, when they presented it for peer review, the reviewers told the White House that their model did not work and, if they did find one, it would clearly show the treaty would substantially hurt the economy. The White House refuses now to speculate what the impacts would be. Could it be they are afraid of spooking Wall Street and its meteoric rise above 8,000? Why should companies invest in plants and people only to be taxed more here in the United States? As you can see, this treaty will cost jobs.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to oppose any weakening amendments to the resolution. This strongly worded sense of the Senate needs to be shared not only with the appropriate administration officials but world leaders in developed and developing nations. I know that there will be a meeting in Bonn, Germany, in several weeks and I hope the administration will reveal to the world that if they propose such a misguided treaty to the U.S. Senate, it will fail.  