 If this resolution is adopted, what will we tell the local citizens group working to elect a new mayor or a city council? Will we say that free speech extends no further than the classified advertisements? Remember, we have full-page ads costing x and we have 30-second television ads costing x but you put a limit on it: Sorry, no TV. Maybe it will get on the news, maybe not.  The Supreme Court in Buckley put it this way: ``Being free to engage in unlimited public expression subject to a ceiling on expenditures is like being free to drive an automobile as far and as often as one desires on a single tank of gasoline.'' You can't get there from here to Kansas on a single tank of gasoline--whether it is traveling the State or in regards to any kind of expression in regard to any kind of politics or any kind of campaigning.  The tyranny of this resolution, like tyranny forever, is based on a false assumption that somehow we have too much, too much political speech and it should be limited. How much political speech in a democracy is too much?  Last year, millions of Americans gave $2.6 billion to fill 476 offices. Again, columnist George Will points out they still had enough left over to spend $4.5 billion on potato chips. We spent more on yogurt in this year than we spent on political discourse, discussing the great issues of the day. Or put another way, one Super Bowl ad could finance two campaigns for Congress. One Super Bowl ad, 2\1/2\ districts in the Congress. How much is enough? I submit we need more political speech, not less. And further, what will be the chilling impact of this resolution on citizen involvement in the election and the governmental process?  The Senator from Nevada said people are sick and tired of politics and business as usual and they are not choosing to vote. I submit it is not because we need to give more power to the Federal Election Commission and limit political debate. The problem is, in my view, that too many candidates do not speak out on the issues in candor and say they are for something that identifies with the individual who is going to vote.  Our democracy survives solely on the consent of the governed. That is pretty basic. That consent is given as long as the governed have confidence in the men and women they elect to public office.  We have in place a number of filters through which candidates must be sifted to ensure those who survive receive a consensus. These filters give the electorate opportunities to eliminate candidates, many candidates who aspire to public office but quite frankly, judged in the eyes of the public, are not serious candidates, they sift out those who cannot attract a consensus. We do this in order that our form of government can so long exist.  I want to ask the question. There is a feeling here in this body that Senators feel put upon that they have to sit, hopefully in another office, and raise campaign funds. My word, what a terrible chore. What a condescending, elitist point of view, that we should be free of asking people for their trust and their support, their investment in good government, their partnership in good faith so we can shine the light of truth in the darkness and discuss these issues free from that terrible burden. What a terrible burden.  Is a candidate's ability to attract campaign funds--let me repeat this. Is a candidate's ability to attract campaign funds any less important to this process than his or her ability to attract votes? How can a candidate expect to get the consent of the governed if he or she cannot attract their support in funds to wage a campaign?  Make no mistake. Our debate today is important. It is about freedom. Said the distinguished Hugo Black: ``There are grim reminders all around this world that the distance between individual liberty and firing squads is not always as far as it seems.''  The great men and women who debated this issue before us arrived at a simple but eloquent conclusion--to limit political speech is to limit and lose freedom. We are called again to reach this same conclusion. I urge rejection of the resolution. Said the statesman George Mason: ``No free Government, or the blessings of liberty, can be preserved to any people, but by frequent recurrence to fundamental principles.''  First amendment freedoms are fundamental principles. Let us preserve the blessings of liberty.  I thank the Senator from Kentucky.  