President, I have the great pleasure of introducing legislation, along with my colleague, Senator Brownback, to name the U.S. Courthouse at 500 State Avenue in Kansas City, KS, as the Robert J. Dole U.S. Courthouse. I think all of our colleagues know that although our esteemed former colleague has received scores of honors, I am pleased to lead the Kansas congressional delegation in naming this courthouse after Bob because it reflects his common sense and honest work in the U.S. Senate not only nationally but also in regard to Kansas.  Senator Dole's career on behalf of the State of Kansas is well-known--State Representative, Russell County attorney, Congressman of Kansas' big First Congressional District from 1961 to 1969, and Senator from 1969 to 1996. When Senator Dole stepped down from the Senate last year as Kansas' great senior Senator and longest-serving Republican majority leader, he showed determination and courage in his all-out effort to win the 1996 Presidential election.  Although being majority leader cast Senator Dole as a national political figure, forcing him to tackle every single issue before the Congress, he never stopped his tireless work on behalf of Kansans in all 105 counties. There was no inside the beltway for Bob Dole; it was inside the Sunflower State. If you travel into any Kansas community, be it Wichita or Wakeeney and ask a resident about Bob Dole, they will easily recall his care about their concerns. Kansans will tell you of getting the Social Security check delivered quicker or inserting some provision in legislation for a public works project that made a lot of sense and was a taxpayer investment. Whenever national disasters struck, Kansas Senator Dole also alerted the appropriate Federal disaster relief officials and personally tried to alleviate the emotional and the physical damage from tornadoes, droughts and floods.  Throughout Kansas, Senator Dole was always available. He listened and learned from farmers, soccer moms, businessmen, and children. The issues were as diverse as Kansas itself-- economic development needs of our State urban areas like Kansas City, or a farmer's desire for higher grain prices and safer roads for drivers and transportation.  Mr. President, the Federal courthouse at 500 State Avenue in Kansas City, KS, is an example of Senator Dole's leadership in Kansas. He, with the support of a bipartisan group of local elected officials and community leaders, succeeded in keeping the courthouse in downtown Kansas City, KS. Now, this Federal presence has served to revitalize the neighborhoods. In fact, on Tuesday, another key component of his interest in Kansas City, KS, to this development effort wasstarted through the groundbreaking of the new Federal building across the street from the courthouse to house the EPA region VII offices.  This was very typical of Bob Dole. He reached out to local Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. No matter that Senator Dole was a Republican, Kansas City, KS, and Wyandotte County Democrats deeply appreciated his efforts not only on the Federal courthouse but on other matters such as the Federal response to the flood of 1993.  Realizing that the former Federal courthouse would be vacated for the new courthouse and would become excess Federal property, Senator Dole worked with local officials and the GSA to ensure that the former courthouse would be transferred to Wyandotte County so they could use it for additional judicial space. This saved Wyandotte County and the taxpayer a great deal of money.  This U.S. courthouse represents the State of Kansas' efficient use of land and labor. The building was designed in a contemporary judicial style and is intended to be a model for future Federal court buildings. As part of this style, cost savings features were used such as precast concrete instead of a natural stone facade, combined with energy efficient double-glazed aluminum frame windows. It is clear that Senator Dole's perseverance to reduce our Federal spending was applied in this courthouse. This design reduced costs and increased efficiency unlike other Federal courthouses that have Cadillac courtrooms and exceeded their budgets.  Mr. President, this Federal courthouse has 165,000 square feet of office space. I am proud to let my colleagues know that its budget was $40,868,000. But the finished cost was $34 million. That is right, a Federal project was actually finished for less than its budget, $6.7 million to be exact. While the primary role for this building is for the Federal judicial process, other agencies such as the U.S. Marshal, the Peace Corps and Congressman Vince Snowbarger, also utilize this office space in the courthouse.  Mr. President, Senator Brownback joins me in asking that the Environmental and Public Works Committee act expeditiously on this bill before the August recess.  I ask unanimous consent to have the bill printed in the Record.  