President, I truly appreciate this opportunity to speak in behalf of the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, and in this regard I especially thank several of my colleagues: Mr. Hatch, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee--and I associate myself with all of his remarks--Mr. Domenici, the distinguished chairman of the Budget Committee, and Mr. Craig, the Republican policy chairman, for their longstanding leadership and efforts in behalf of this legislation that I feel, in effect, would simply protect the financial and economic future of our children and their children.  For those who have had the perseverance and the tenacity to pursue this goal, it has at times been a very lonely trail. Whatever success we might achieve, and that I hope we will achieve, it has been in large part due to the efforts of these Senators and their leadership role, and the American people should certainly be aware of that.  I have read some interesting commentary in regard to this effort. Our opponents predict dark budget clouds for Social Security and any other programs deemed essential by Senators regarding their particular and parochial interests; but contrary to that dire prediction, if we total the sum of the balanced budget parts, I see and predict a very bright future. I see a nation with 6.1 million more jobs in 10 years. I see lower interest rates that will directly affect the daily lives and pocketbooks of every citizen in terms of the amount of the hard-earned income they pay now for living essentials--health care, housing, education, loans, food and transportation.  If you ask the American people, with a 2 percent drop in interest rates, how would you like 6 months of groceries free as compared to what you are paying now, or corresponding savings in your health care premium costs, mortgage payment or student loans, and if you compare those savings in their pocketbooks with the marginal reductions in the amount of growth in Federal programs in this city, why, put that way, the American people support a balanced budget. 