President, I rise today to voice my concern regarding actions last night in Bosnia. NATO forces, of which we constitute the major part, have again seized several Bosnian Serb radio transmitters because they were hostile to the peacekeeping goals of our forces.  No doubt that was the case. I have no question about that. But I suggest that were we at war and the issue more clear such action would be more than warranted. But we are not, Mr. President. We are trying to implement the Dayton accords, and as such I am concerned this action is not only questionable but may very well be counterproductive.  What did the stations do to warrant this action? They said bad things about the SFOR troops and our mission, and they tampered, apparently, with an hour-long program taped by Louise Arbor, head of the International War Crimes Tribunal.  The good news, Mr. President, is that no violence has occurred yet in regard to the seizure. But I remind my colleagues that the last time we did this our troops were stoned and we quickly returned the station. But we made the Serbs promise not to interfere with pro-Moslem or pro-SFOR messages. Is anyone really surprised, Mr. President, that the Serbs did not live up to that promise?  First question: Now what? Do we have a plan this time? Do we intend to monitor and control all of the media in Bosnia to ensure that only messages that meet our criteria are heard by the people of Bosnia? Is that what the NATO mission has become--one-sided and totally controlled by NATO? Will we put NATO media and our intelligence personnel, let's be frank about it, in charge to produce programs that fit our mission? Are we shining the light of truth into Serb darkness or are we holding a censorship flashlight?  If that is the case, I think you can make a good case that we are enforcing the peace and we are aggressively establishing media control, then let's not kid ourselves and continue to call our role even-handed peacekeeping.  But here is the second question: What will we do if the Serbs react violently to the seizure? General Clark has stated rightly that we will use lethal force to protect our forces. Is this the issue that will precipitate that lethal force? Is this how we would explain loss of life to the parents of an American man or woman in uniform stationed in Bosnia?  Mr. President, we need to hear from the administration on last night's action and they need to outline the plan to get us out of this tar baby.  I yield the floor.  