 As my colleague knows, I have discussed at length the original purpose of the Bosnia mission was to safeguard our troops--that is, the peacekeeping role--and to try to do what we can in regard to technology restoration, to nation building, to the possibility of the location and capture and prosecution of war criminals and then refugee resettlement.  In response to the Senator's question, it is that part of the goal that is especially difficult. Now, I think we have come from peacekeeping to peace enforcement. I think we have come far afield from the original goal in that we are now disarming the police in regard to Mr. Karadzic's troops, and I think in regard to what I am able to understand from our intelligence community we are aggressively going to locate, capture and proceed with war criminals.  Now, as I have just indicated, we have a situation where the SFOR troops have taken over TV transmitters. So I think the Senator from Texas makes a good point in terms of mission creep.  But in answer to the specific question, flying in the helicopter with a one-star over there from Tuzla where our American forces have their headquarters, we went over a small hill, and on the knoll of the hill there used to be 60 Muslim families that lived there, and during the fighting since 1993 there was tremendous bloodshed, there were atrocities very close by, and obviously that particular piece of real estate is not inhabited any more by the Muslims. So there was an attempt by SFOR and by NATO to relocate these refugees on that hill.  Three times they tried it. The first time, with 60 people, they tried to relocate on the hill, they were driven away by rocks and stones and shouts and intimidation by the Serbs in that area. The second time they tried, it got a little tougher. We were also involved in the building of new homes, in terms of financing those new homes. Then you got into some home destruction.  Well, the third time, they were met by an angry crowd with 2x4's. Theyburned the homes down. And we have pictures of them attacking the Muslims, the 60 people we were trying to relocate, with 2x4's. And I asked the one star, I asked the general, ``Are we going to try it again?'' He said, ``No, I don't think that's a very good investment of our tax dollars or our time and effort.'' I think we got the message. He suggested if we have successful refugee relocation, we should do it in Brcko. The Senator from Texas has been there, and I ask her now what her observation was about how that refugee resettlement effort is going. And I thank her for asking the question.  