 The young man I was talking about is 34 years old, at large now, and 78 other war criminals are at large as well.  As I have indicated, there is no way that you can bring the Dayton accords to their successful completion with these folks at large.  Let me just say this. Everybody there, every intelligence source, every person that you visit with, whether they be Muslim, Croat or Serb, SFOR command, Russians. We visited with the Russians in their compound. They are really doing a very good job working with us and closely cooperating; and obviously the Brits and the Norwegians; 34 nations are involved in this effort.  We have literally planted the flag. We have an outstanding cooperative effort. We have spent $7 billion in Bosnia. But there are some expenditures too from all those nations involved in the SFOR command. All of these people have indicated very clearly that if we leave, and if we leave, why, the Brits will leave. If we leave, the British will leave.  We both have learned that when we were talking to Embassy officials and members taking part in the interparliamentary conference over there in Great Britain, they said, ``We were with you in terms of our ground troops. When you leave, we leave.'' If we leave, if SFOR leaves, or the American presence in SFOR. Let's not really kid ourselves. Within weeks, why, the fighting will break out again. Yet we have in the other body in the House on the defense appropriations bill a cutoff date saying our troops must come home as of June 1998.  Our Secretary of Defense, our former colleague and dear friend, Secretary Cohen, indicated that the troops will be home in June 1998. The President has said the troops will be home in June 1998. But maybe, I don't know. We are a little nebulous on that.  That is where the candor comes in because I think our policy has become very disingenuous. On the one hand we are building up the troop levels from about 8,500 to 12,000. We have changed the mission from peacekeeping to peace enforcement. Yet, we say in June 1998 we can withdraw the troops. That is not possible.  I personally think that once you plant the flag, once you have 34 nations involved, once you have that kind of cooperation, it is going to be very difficult to withdraw. When the Dayton accords fail, that is going to send a message around the world that we don't want to send. Yet the case has not been made to the American public, to this Senate, or to us by the administration, as to how we are going to accomplish that.  Thank goodness the Senator from Texas has arranged this time so we can sort of have a kickoff here in terms of long-term goals and what I consider tobe short-term politics. I think we need a lot of candor.  I have a related concern. In a meeting with about 18 young Kansans, both men and women in uniform, only 2 plan to stay in the service. They have been over there 9 months. They work 13, 14, 15 hours a day. The personnel tempo, the operational tempo--the Senator from Texas, as a former member of the Armed Services Committee, knows, I know, and everybody even connected with the military knows that we have downsized to the point where the operation and personnel tempo in all the countries involved in the peacekeeping operations--we are wearing out our military. It is not working. When you get 16 out of 18 Kansans, some of whom are very dedicated in midcareer, say they are going to leave because of the pressures on them and their families, working overtime, there is a big problem here. That is a related problem that we have not really talked about in relation to the Bosnian situation.  Let me just say in closing that I would like to refer to the remarks by our colleague from Delaware, Senator Biden, who has had many trips to Bosnia. I have his remarks here that he made before the Senate as of this morning.  He says that we have reached a crucial point in our policy toward Bosnia. Resolute American action, combined with allied support and local compliance, could turn the corner.  I also add that I agree with Senator Biden. I am not sure we can turn the corner. I want to know what is around the corner. And we need candor.  I also say that he lists the goals--to greatly expand the number of refugees returning to their prewar homes.  The Senator from Texas was in Brcko, talked to the people there, and saw the futility of forced relocation.  I was flying in a helicopter with a one-star Army commander, went over a knoll where Moslems used to live--60 of them. We have tried three times to relocate these people. Each time they have been beaten, and the homes have been destroyed. He has indicated that it might not be a very good idea to try for the fourth time.  Senator Biden went on to say--and I agree with him--that we can and must ensure that the country's municipal elections in mid-September are held and are free and fair. I hope we can do that. That will be our best hope. But there once again we are having our troops and the NATO troops take part, and are actually taking part in an election. They are election observers, and more than that. He points out that we must and can guarantee free access to the electronic media. We guarantee the TV station. And Mrs. Plavsic, who is one of the candidates and the best candidate, openly now is supported by NATO forces, and our forces. But now we apparently have given that back to Mr. Karadzic and his people. So we are playing sort of a back and forth business in terms of TV.  Senator Biden--and I will just sum up here--in his remarks said that it is absolutely essential for an international military force to remain in Bosnia after June 1998 to guarantee that progress will continue. Thank goodness somebody has been candid. Senator Biden has indicated that. He says an international force should be there. Everybody in that whole part of the world indicates that if we are not involved in that international force it will not succeed. That is what happened in the beginning.  So I commend Senator Biden for his candor. But then he says--I want the Senator from Texas to pay very close attention in regard to his comments as it relates to NATO expansion. He indicates that not only would all that has been accomplished go up in smoke if fighting reignited--i.e., if we leave--but a failure in Bosnia would signal the beginning of the end for NATO which is currently restructuring itself to meet Bosnia-like challenges in the 21st century.  Senator Biden, Senator Lugar, and many others who are involved in the proposal to expand NATO have indicated that the Congress of the United States is not focused on this issue. The American public is not focused on this issue.  Let me say that Senator Hutchison has certainly focused on the issue, and that she is able to have 20 Senators sign a letter to the President expressing many concerns over NATO expansion--tough questions that need to be answered.  In Prague I was very privileged to address the Transatlantic Conference in regard to NATO expansion. I guess you could say that I was sort of the skunk at the expansion picnic in that I took the concerns that the Senator has raised. I raised them with the Czech Republic not because of any lack of support or admiration for the emerging nations. But there again we have planted the flag for NATO expansion. Here we have a situation where the Congress of the United States is going to say, ``OK, we are going to take our troops, and we are going to bring them home after June 1998. But, on the other hand, we are going to go ahead with NATO expansion. And under article V we are going to be committed to American men and women perhaps risking their lives on Polish soil, Czech soil, and Hungarian soil, not to mention the 24 other countries that would like to become involved if we are going to withdraw the troops in regard to Bosnia. You certainly can't propose an expansion of NATO with article V.''  These are the kind of questions that I think we need to raise.  I have gone on much too long here this evening. But I do again want to thank the Senator from Texas for raising these concerns. I have just touched on several concerns. I plan when we have additional time under morning business--or we ought to take the time--to go over all of the concerns that the Senator from Texas has raised, and some of the concerns that I have raised. It is a time for candor because the clock is ticking.  The election will be held at the end of September to determine the future of Bosnia. I do not want to see the Dayton accords fail. But I can tell you one thing, they are not going to be successful if we simply withdraw the troops by June 1998. Then where are we? If we keep them there, where are we?  I asked one of the Embassy officials in Sarajevo, ``When did all of this start?'' I think I am right by saying it was in 1384 when the Turks and the Serbs first got involved in a very difficult conflict and a war. It has not been fully settled since, except for the reign of Marshal Tito who ruled the country with an iron fist.  So I thank the Senator from Texas. I thank her for her leadership. I look forward to continuing to work with her as we try to answer some of these very, very difficult questions.  I thank the Senator. I yield the floor.  