President, it is both an honor and a personal privilege for me to join my colleagues and rise today to pay tribute to a great Senator, a great patriot, and now the longest-serving Senator in our Nation's history, the most distinguished Senator from South Carolina, Strom Thurmond.  Mr. President, the challenge for one trying to capsule this great American's service to South Carolina and our Nation is considerable. All Americans, however, should be encouraged--and I certainly encourage them to do this--to access Senator Thurmond's home page and discover the truly remarkable and unprecedented achievements of this man.  Mr. President, it has become very commonplace in public service today, especially in this city, to refer to individuals of accomplishment as ``great Americans.'' And in some respects it is so commonplace that the term has even been overused, and sometimes even in humorous fashion. But that is not the case with Senator Thurmond who has been and is truly a great American in every sense of the word.  This man has 27 honorary degrees to go with his BS degree from his beloved Clemson University. He has been a superintendent of education, a judge, a decorated veteran and hero of World War II, and he earned 18 decorations, medals, and awards. He has been a Governor of the Palmetto State. He has been a candidate for President, the first person ever to be elected to a major office on a write-in, a leader within three--not two--three political parties. And, obviously, he is our President pro tem of this body, and continues to serve as chairman of the Armed Services Committee providing continued leadership in behalf of our military and national security and the individual freedoms we all enjoy and also take for granted.  If you think about this man's career, and as many of our colleagues across the aisle have said, regardless of issue or politics, it is unequaled, it is basically unparalleled.  Mr. President, the other challenge in paying tribute to Senator Thurmond is what to say that has not already been said by his many friends, his constituents, his family, and his colleagues.  But having said that, I do have a rather unique relationship with the Senator. I am sure that my colleagues have all heard of fathers-in-law and mothers-in-law and brothers-in-law. Well, I am proud to say that I am a Thurmond staff-in-law.  The number of South Carolinians and others who have worked for the Senator in various capacities number in the thousands. We could accurately call them ``storm troops for Strom.'' And one of those former staff members is my wife, Franki, who worked for the Senator back when I first came to Washington as a new administrative assistant to then-Senator Frank Carlson of Kansas. As a matter of fact, it was Strom Thurmond who told me about all of the South Carolina magnolia blossoms who came north and whose charms attracted future husbands, always to return to South Carolina. Put another way, Senator Thurmond said, ``You can take the girl out of the South, but not the South out of the girl.'' And that is what happened to me, a Capitol Hill romance if you will, a South Carolina wedding, and in our family a Kansas-South Carolina compromise, always to South Carolina.  So while many in this body have thanked the Senator for many deserving contributions and accomplishments, mine is somewhat unique.  Thank you, Strom, for introducing me to my future wife and the mother of my three children, David, Ashleigh, and Anne-Wesley. All three, by the way, are Strom Thurmond fans, having met the Senator many times and sharing occasions with his family. In that regard, my wife Franki counts Mrs. Thurmond, Nancy, as a very good and a close friend as well.  As a matter of fact, Mr. President, while I was really jotting down my remarks that I am making today, I noted with nostalgia that my Senate office overlooks the Methodist building that has served as home for many young women when they first work on Capitol Hill when they first come to Washington. When my wife, Franki, looked out that window, we both noted in some respects our family had come full circle. Her desk in my office looks out on her first home in Washington.  Again, thank you, Senator Strom Thurmond.  I might add, Mr. President, with the privilege of serving in this body I have finally achieved status in the Thurmond universe. I am now Senator Roberts instead of that Congressman who married Franki.  And now, Mr. President, what with all of the Senator's friends having paid tribute to him, what they really said in their many deserving tributes to Senator Thurmond is that the Strom Thurmond family has come first. Every time I see the Senator he comes up to me with that smile and that twinkle in his eye and, yes, that firm grip that many of my colleagues have described on my arm--and it is a firm grip--and he asks, ``How's your family, your lovely wife and your family?'' And he means it. He cares.  One of our treasured scrapbook pictures captured Strom all dressed up as Santa Claus some years back with his staff and his and their families. And there we sit in the front row with all of the kids and the proud parents. To me, that picture is Strom Thurmond, and enlarged it could just as well be a picture of his beloved South Carolina, or this great Nation, for South Carolina and America are his family as well, and he has served them well.  Senator Thurmond, a colleague, friend, patriot, and, yes, a great American, thank you for your continued service. It is a privilege to serve with you.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  