I asked him this question: If it is a danger to America that if we put a convicted terrorist in our country, if that creates a danger, as he said repeatedly, in our communities and neighborhoods near this prison or in other places, then I asked the Senator from Kentucky, What would you do with the 355 convicted terrorists currently in prison, and the Senator didn't answer. He said: We haven't been attacked since 9/11. That is unresponsive.  We know there are facilities where these convicted terrorists can be held safely and securely. Marion Federal Penitentiary in my home State has 33 convicted terrorists. I just spent a week down there, not far from the Senator's home State. There was not fear among the people living in that area because 33 terrorists are being held at Marion. You know why? Because our corrections officers there are the best.  I went in to see them, and I sat down with them. They are concerned, angry, even insulted at the suggestion that they cannot safely hold dangerous people. One of the guards said to me: We held John Gotti. He was convicted of being involved in gangland activity. We are holding terrorists from Colombia in drug gangs. We are holding them safely. We are holding serial murderers safely. We know how to do this, Senator. And if your colleagues in the Senate don't believe it, have them come and visit Marion Federal Penitentiary.  They are doing their job and doing it well. To come to the floor of the Senate repeatedly and to suggest we are in danger as a nation because convicted terrorists are being held in our prisons I don't think adequately reflects the reality of what we have today.  Let me also say, I respect the Senator from Kentucky for saying he has always been in favor of keeping Guantanamo open. I respect him for being consistent in his viewpoint. I disagree with that viewpoint. Among those who also disagree with his viewpoint is GEN Colin Powell, the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and former Secretary of State under President Bush. He believes it should be closed. General Petraeus, someone I know the Senator from Kentucky has praised on the floor of the Senate, believes Guantanamo should be closed. They are not alone. Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense under President Bush and now under President Obama, believes it should be closed. Senator McCain on your side of the aisle stated publicly that Guantanamo should be closed. Senator Lindsey Graham, on your side of the aisle, has stated publicly it should be closed. Former Secretaries of State have made the same statements.  He is entitled to his point of view. I respect him for holding that point of view even if he doesn't have the support from the security and military leaders I mentioned. But to come to the floor and repeatedly say to the American people that we are in danger because we are trying terrorists in the courts of America I think goes too far.  I think the President has done the right thing. I think this man Ahmed Ghailani should stand trial. If 12 innocent Americans died, and they did, among 224 people, this man should be on trial, and I think the President was right to bring him to the court for trial. To suggest that he shouldn't be, that he should be put in a military tribunal which has had a record, incidentally, over the last 7 years--military commissions at Guantanamo, in 7 years tried three individuals and two have been released--it doesn't tell me that it is a good batting record when it comes to dealing with war criminals.  I trust the courts of our land, the same courts that convicted Ramzi Yousef. I trust those courts to give Ghailani a fair trial under American law. I trust at the end of the day that a jury, if it is a jury, will reach its decision.  I can tell you this for certain. The suggestion by the minority leader that at some point after this trial Ghailani is going to be turned loose in the communities and neighborhoods of America, I don't understand where that is coming from. That is the kind of statement that I think goes to the extreme. I wish my colleague would reflect on that. We are not going to turn loose this man who is not a resident of the United States, not a citizen of the United States if he is found not guilty. The President would never allow it. Our judicial system would never allow it.  Do you think the Department of Homeland Security is going to clear this man to move to Louisville, KY, if he is found not guilty, or Springfield, IL? I don't think so. In fact, I think it is beyond the realm of possibility.  I also want to make it clear that we have before us an important decision to make. Are we going to deal with Guantanamo because it is a threat to the safety of our servicemen or are we going to keep it open so that some people who believe in it can have their political bragging rights?  I would rather side with those who believe closing Guantanamo brings safety to our men and women in uniform. Guantanamo is a recruiting tool for terrorists. That is not my conclusion alone. It is a conclusion that has been reached by many, as I look back and see those who have said it. For example, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mike Mullen:       The concern I've had about Guantanamo . . . is it has been      a recruiting symbol for those extremists and jihadists who      would fight us. . . . That's the heart of the concern for      Guantanamo's continued existence. . . .  Same statement from General Petraeus, same statement from Defense Secretary Gates, same statement from RADM Mark Buzby and others. We have a situation with Guantanamo where it is not making us safer. The President has made the right decision, hard decision to deal with the 240 detainees he inherited. I think we should do this in a calm, rational, and not fearful way.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  