President, October 11, 2009, marked the 230th anniversary of the death of General Casimir Pulaski, a man who made the ultimate sacrifice in pursuit of American independence.  In March, I introduced S.J. Res. 12 to grant honorary posthumous citizenship to General Pulaski. The Senate passed my resolution unanimously. Recently, the House of Representatives passed H.J. Res. 26, the House's version of this resolution, which was introduced by Representative Dennis Kucinich. Today, the Senate will consider H.J. Res. 26 and I urge my colleagues to support it.  I would like to thank Senator Lisa Murkowski, the lead Republican cosponsor of S.J. Res. 12, as well as the resolution's other cosponsors, Senators Mikulski, Cardin, Whitehouse, Dodd, Brown, Burris, and Pryor. I would especially like to thank the Polish Legion of American Veterans, U.S.A., for their longstanding and tireless support for this resolution.  This resolution is a long overdue tribute to a man who gave his life to the cause of American freedom, a man who is often referred to as the ``Father of the American Cavalry.''  General Pulaski was born in Warsaw, Poland, and became a Polish national hero for his struggles against Russian domination. His opposition to Russian influence and participation in an unsuccessful rebellion against Russia led to his exile from Poland.  Seeking refuge, Pulaski traveled to France, where he met Benjamin Franklin and was inspired to join the Continental Army in its fight for American independence. Franklin recommended Pulaski to General George Washington as ``an officer renowned throughout Europe for the courage and bravery he displayed in defense of his country's freedom.''  On September 11, 1777, Casimir Pulaski fought with distinction in the Battle of Brandywine, where his bravery and military skill helped to avert American defeat and save the life of George Washington. Upon Washington's recommendation, the Continental Congress promoted Pulaski to General and appointed him General of the Cavalry. That same year, Casimir Pulaski wrote to Washington, ``I came here, where freedom is being defended, to serve it, and to live or die for it.''  General Pulaski recruited, outfitted, and trained America's first true cavalry. Pulaski often even used his own personal finances to provide his troops with the finest equipment to ensure their safety in battle.  Two years after he joined the fight for American freedom, Pulaski was mortally wounded during a major offensive against British forces in Savannaha, GA. He died at sea, aboard the USS Wasp, on October 11, 1779.  General Pulaski's valiant service and heroic death inspired his contemporaries and continue to inspire us today. Shortly after his death, the Continental Congress resolved to build a monument in his honor that proved to be the first of many. In 1825, General Lafayette, an honorary American citizen, laid the cornerstone for the Pulaski monument in Savannah, GA. In 1929, Congress resolved that October 11 of each year would be Pulaski Day in the United States, and several States have followed that example. There are countless schools, streets, towns, and memorials across this country that bear his name and honor his contributions to our Nation's birth.  In my home State of Illinois, we are privileged to have a large and vibrant Polish American community. Chicago is home to the Polish American Museum and the Polish American Congress, which includes three thousand Polish organizations from across the country. The Polish American community also has a large presence in the Illinois National Guard, which has enjoyed a long-standing relationship with the Polish Air Force.  Illinois honored General Pulaski in 1973 by designating the first Monday of every March Pulaski Commemorative Day. In 1986, that day was declared a State holiday.  Honorary citizenship is long overdue and a proper tribute to a man who gave his labor and life to the cause of American independence. I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 26 to honor General Casimir Pulaski and his indelible contribution to our Nation's birth.  