This is the reality of what we are up against. So when the Republicans come to the floor and do not want to support our efforts toward health care reform, they are saying the current system is just fine.  I saw, incidentally, the Senator from Tennessee come to the Senate floor and say: You ought to be able to buy health insurance across State lines. Well, there is some appeal to that. You would not think much of going from Ohio--I would not encourage this--to go to an adjoining State to buy a car. You know, it is the same car, and so forth.  But isn't it a fact that as you go State by State, the standards for health insurance change? Some States have very high standards of the kinds of health insurance we can expect to buy in our States; others, very low standards. Some States are much better at looking at the books of insurance companies to make sure they can pay off as promised. If you go moving around State by State shopping, you may end up with something that looks like good insurance until you really need it.  So our bills--at least the ones considered in the HELP Committee and in other committees--try to establish a basic standard of care so no matter where you live in America, you are going to have the same kind of basic protection when it comes to what your family needs. And, believe me, I have had personal examples in my family and as a lawyer where you need it.  We had, in Illinois--before we changed the law--companies that were selling health insurance to new mothers covering their obstetric care and then would not cover the newborn baby until it was 30 days old. You know what that is all about. Brandnew babies sometimes are very sick and very expensive. So this health insurance company was excluding newborn infants from coverage for 30 days. We changed the law in Illinois and said: You cannot do that. If you want to cover the mother and the baby, you cover that baby from the very moment of birth. So there are laws to protect them.  Other States may not have this law. Their premiums may be cheaper. Then what happens when you have a sick baby?  