President, this is the second time we have offered to call amendments for a vote, and the complaint from the other side is, you are not calling amendments for a vote.  How many times do we have to ask for permission to call amendments for a vote, run into objections from the Republican side, and then hear the speech: Why aren't we voting on amendments?  I am certain that in the vast expansion of time and space, we can work out something fair in terms of the number of amendments on both sides. In fact, maybe the next round will have more Republican amendments than Democratic amendments. I don't know how many Republican amendments or Democratic amendments we have voted on so far. We can get an official tally, but that really seems like a very minor element to stop the debate on health care--because we need to have an equal number of amendments. Can't grown-ups work things out like this and with an understanding that we will resolve them? If we can't, then for goodness' sake don't subject us to these arguments on the Senate floor that we are not calling amendments for a vote. We have just tried 2 days in a row, and the Republicans once again have stopped us with objections. That is a fact.  I would implore the leadership--not my friend from Wyoming; I know he is doing what he is instructed to do by the leaders--for goodness' sake, let's break this logjam. Let's not, at the end of the day, say, well, we stopped debating this bill when we should have been debating it, when we have offered 2 days in a row in good faith to have actual amendments offered and debated.  I would also say, Mr. President, this is the bill we are considering, H.R. 3590, when we return to it. This is the health care reform bill, and this is a bill which has been the product of a lot of work. A lot of work has gone into it both in the House and in the Senate. In the Senate, two different committees met literally for months writing this bill, and they should take that time because this is the most significant and historic and comprehensive bill I have ever considered in my time in Congress--more than 25 years. This bill affects every person in America--every person in the gallery, everyone watching us on C-SPAN, every person in America. It addresses an issue that every American is concerned about--the future of health care, how we are going to make it affordable.  At a time when fewer businesses offer the protection of health insurance, at a time when individuals find themselves unable to buy health insurance that is good and that they can afford; at a time when health insurance companies are turning down people right and left for virtually any excuse related to preexisting conditions, we cannot continue along this road. Those who are fighting change, those who are resisting reform, are basically standing by a broken system.  