President, I may be expressing a minority point of view, but I want to express it on the floor of the Senate. I happen to disagree with both sides on this. Do you think climate change is a problem? Do you think global warming is changing the planet we live on? Do you think there is a chance when our kids, 20 or 30 years from now, take a look at it, they are going to say: Where were you, Senator, in 2009, when you had a chance to do something about it, when you had a chance to try to take control of the mess that is being created in this environment? What happened to you that day, Senator?  Some Senators will be able to say: Oh, I was embroiled in a procedural fight on the floor of the Senate where we used words such as reconciliation and conference instructions, and at the end of the day we did nothing. Nothing--the same thing that has been done over and over again when we tackled big issues on the floor of the Senate. We find a way to twist ourselves in knots, we throw up scare tactics of sales taxes that are going to be unmanageable, and guess what. Another year under our belt, we will come back and see you next year, we will have another debate. In the meantime all of these Senators will be going to schoolchildren and people around America saying: We have to do something about global warming. We have to do something about climate change. I wish the Senate had the will. That is what this talk was all about.  These Republican Senators came to the floor, objecting to using a procedure that would bring us to a debate on global warming. They don't want to talk about it because there are a lot of people who will have to come up to the counter and be honest about whether we have a problem not just in this Nation but in this world. They don't want to face it honestly. They want to ignore it, and they want to scare the living blazes out of the people across America about the possibilities: We could have a national sales tax here and a tax here and a tax there. That is how you inject fear into the debate. That is what it is all about.  I think it is sad. Were we elected to do this, to find another excuse for another year to go by with doing nothing for my grandson, for kids across America and around the world, that this Nation will do nothing? Last November 4 we had an election and a big change in this town, and a majority of the American people said they are tired of aCongress that does nothing. They want us to tackle health care. They want us to tackle energy issues. They want us to face global warming. They want us to create schools for the 21st century.  There is always an excuse: Maybe we can get to it later in the year, maybe next year, maybe after the next election.  That is what this was all about. It is whether we are going to honestly address this issue. The budget resolution before the Senate doesn't take us to that debate. That has been pretty clearly stated. But we could get to that debate, if the House says they want us to, through what is called reconciliation. But we saw these Republican Senators, many of whom think they are green and environmentally sensitive, stand up and try to put every blockade in the road to stop us from debating and passing legislation to deal with climate change and global warming. Shame on the Senate. Shame on the Senate for finding some reason, some excuse not to tackle this tough issue.  Will it be easy? Will it be popular? No way. It is going to be hard. But isn't that why we were elected, on both sides of the aisle, to face these hard and difficult issues? Somebody may lose an election over it, but isn't that what the democratic process is all about?  Republican Senators who got up, one after another, objecting to considering global warming as an issue under reconciliation, know that lessens the chances that any bill is going to be passed. They know this issue will be kicked down the road for the next year, for the next Congress, for the next generation. Can America afford to wait? Can this world afford to wait? Can't we see the ominous elements coming at us under the circumstances, the change in climate, the change in global warming that is bringing to this planet?  We know the reality. Unfortunately, we are going to ignore it today. But we better face it. We better face it, if we want to face our children.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Inouye.) The Senator from New Hampshire.  