President, I have learned the hard way how important it is for rural veterans' hospitals to attract good doctors and administrators.  The VA Medical Center in Marion, IL, has had significant problems with quality management and patient safety.  In an effort to help improve quality at this rural medical center, I have spoken with two VA Secretaries, and one acting Secretary, about these challenges and potential responses. I have also corresponded with numerous VA officials, and met with the employees on the frontline of care at Marion.  One thing I have taken away from all these conversations is how important it is to have the best possible providers and administrators in our veterans' medical facilities. And that is easier for Hines Medical Center in Chicago than it is for Marion and other rural health centers throughout this country.  Many rural counties have the highest concentrations of veterans according to the 2000 census. The VA estimates that 37 percent of all veterans reside in rural areas.  In 2007, we were horrified to learn that nine patients at Marion Veterans Affairs Medical Center had died in what turned out to be a terrible lapse in quality management and accountability.  The hospital administrator, the chief surgeon, and others were relieved of their duties, and the hospital stopped offering in-patient surgeries.  Since then, we have been told time and again, that the VA has addressed quality management structures there and has been trying to restart a full continuum of care at Marion.  Last week, we found out that these efforts have not been enough. The VA's IG reported that patient safety and quality management at the Marion VAMC failed again on several measures.  Many are repeats from what was found at Marion 2 years ago. It is clear that Marion VAMC leadership did not right the ship.  Last week, members of the Illinois congressional delegation met with Secretary Shinseki about this most recent report on Marion.  The Secretary talked about how important quality leadership is at the local level and how hard it is to recruit and retain talented, high-performing administrators and doctors to rural facilities.  This is not the first time we have heard this. In fact, the surgical program at the hospital has been shut down for two years because we don't have the personnel to restart it.  Recruitment and retention of healthcare professionals to serve rural populations is a nationwide problem. It is not limited to the VA. And it is not limited to Illinois.  In February, the Director of VA's Office of Rural Health testified that, ``greater travel distances and financial barriers to access can negatively impact care coordination for many rural veterans.''  As far back as 2000, the VA recognized that the large proportion of rural veterans has made it harder for those veterans to access care.  My amendment allows the VA to develop and test a pilot program to attract and retain high quality providers and management to rural facilities across the country. It is one of many efforts to address quality of care for our veterans.  These incentives would only be available to the employee for as long as they were serving in the designated rural areas.  The amendment would allow the VA to spend up to $1.5 million to attract qualified health care providers and another $1.5 million to attract qualified health care administrators to our neediest, most underserved rural VA facilities.  The amendment would also require VA to report back to Congress on the structure of the program, the number of individuals recruited through such incentives, and the prospects for retention of these doctors, nurses, and administrators.  Just last month, the Kansas Health Institute reported that financial incentives are an important part of recruiting and retaining providers to rural areas in the civilian sector.  We need to give the VA similar tools.  Veterans in Marion and Chicago, IL, New York City and Niagara, NY, Dallas and Temple, TX, deserve the same quality of care. As veterans of current wars leave active duty and return to their hometowns, we must be ready to serve them. It is simply the cost of war.  This amendment would give the VA another tool to use as it works to improve its rural health facilities. I encourage my colleagues to support it.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  