President, I will speak briefly, then yield to the Senator from Arizona. I will be happy, if he wants to ask a question or maintain a dialogue, but I will make this very brief.  I have confidence in the courts of America. If I had to pick one place on Earth to have a trial and to be assured it would be a fair trial with a fair outcome, it would be right here in the United States of America. Maybe I have gone too far. Maybe I am showing my patriotism, or whatever it is, but I believe that.  If you said to me: We captured a terrorist somewhere in the world, where would you like to have them tried? It would be right here because I believe in our system of justice. I believe in the integrity of our judiciary. I believe in our Department of Justice prosecutors. I believe in our defense system, our jury system. I believe we have the capacity and the resources to try someone fairly better than anyplace in the world.  The Senator from Kentucky may not agree with that conclusion. He obviously thinks there is too much danger to have a trial of a terrorist in the United States. How then does he explain 355 convicted terrorists now sitting in American prisons, tried in our courts, sent to our prisons, safely incarcerated for years? That is proof positive this system works.  The Senator from Kentucky, the Republican leader, is afraid. He is not only afraid of terrorism--and we all should be because we suffered grievously on 9/11--but he is afraid our Constitution is not strong enough to deal with that threat. He is afraid the guarantees and rights under our Constitution may go too far when it comes to keeping America safe. He is afraid of using our court system for fear it will make us less safe, that it would be dangerous. He is afraid the values we have stood for and the Geneva Conventions and other agreements over the years may not be applicable to this situation.  I disagree. I have faith in this country, in its Constitution, its laws, and the people who are sworn to uphold them at every level. I believe Mr. Ghailani will get a fairer trial in the United States than anyplace on Earth, and that if he is found guilty in being complicit in the killing of over 200 innocent people and innocent Americans, he will pay the price he should pay, and he will be incarcerated safely.  This notion that we have run out of supermax beds and that is the end of the story--and the State of Colorado is the home State of the Presiding Officer, where the Florence facility is located--I would say to the Senator from Kentucky that may be true for the supermax facility at the Federal level, but there are many other supermax facilities across America that can safely incarcerate convicted terrorists or serial murderers or whomever. We can take care of these people.  If there is one thing America knows how to do--and some may question whether we should brag about it--we know how to incarcerate people. We do it more than any other place on Earth, and we do it safely. The notion there is only one place--Guantanamo--where these detainees can be safely held defies logic and human experience.  I yield the floor.  