He has served as Secretary of Education, we talk about education issues, and we share a common admiration for the new Secretary of Education. But I would like to correct, while he is still on the floor, a few of the things he said.  Five years ago, the Bush administration said, for the first time in the history of America, we will create a federally funded voucher program. Here is what it says: Federal taxpayers' dollars will be given to parents of students in the District of Columbia--Washington, DC--who want to put their kids in private schools. The Federal Government will pay a certain amount of money in tuition vouchers to those schools on behalf of the students and their parents.  It was a 5-year experiment, and there was a lot of controversy associated with it. Some of us were skeptical. I offered three amendments to this DC voucher program. The first amendment I offered in the Appropriations Committee said that all the teachers in the voucher schools--the private voucher schools--have to have a college degree. The amendment was defeated. It was defeated because those pushing for voucher schools said that is going to stop creativity, it is going to confine these schools, and we should let them do what they are going to do.  I didn't buy that because, frankly, we impose those standards on public schools across America, but my amendment was defeated.  Now, the second amendment I offered said the DC voucher schools--the buildings themselves--had to pass the fire safety code of the District of Columbia for teaching children. All right? The amendment was defeated. Those pushing the voucher program said: You know, you don't get it. This is about a creative approach to education. It may not be the traditional classroom setting. We defeat your amendment.  The third amendment said: Well, in fairness, if the argument is that voucher schools are better than DC public schools, there ought to be a common standard to judge them. So my amendment said they shall take the same achievement test--the voucher school students and the public school students--so we can then compare apples to apples. My amendment was defeated, and the argument was voucher schools have to be allowed this creativity to think anew and to try different things. I don't buy it.  So I started with real skepticism and I voted against this program. Now, in the ensuing time--the 4 or 5 years--1,700 students have received Federal subsidies to go to private schools. It is the only place in America I know where that is happening. The idea, of course, was that at the end of this experimental authorization period, we would try to step back and ask: Was this a good idea? Was it good for the kids, good for the families, good for the District of Columbia, and our Nation?  That was the idea behind it. This law creating these DC voucher schools was to expire this year in June. Now, my committee funds the District of Columbia, the Federal funds that go into it, and so we said: You know, that may be too abrupt. It may not be fair. So what we will do is we will extend through the 2009-2010 school year the DC voucher schools, but somebody has to step back and take a look at this and ask: Is it working?  When the Government Accountability Office went to take a look at it, they said that some of these schools are world class--these voucher schools--and some of them end up being classes taught in the basement of a private church in the District of Columbia by people who don't have the competence to teach.  Now, the Senator from Tennessee doesn't want that to happen in his State, and I don't want it to happen in my State, and I certainly don't think it should happen here on our watch. So I extended this program 1 year, and it is in the hands of Senator Joe Lieberman. Senator Lieberman is the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. He gave his personal assurance to the Members of the Senate that there will be a hearing and an attempt to markup reauthorization of this program. That is the orderly process, it is the sensible process, and at the end of the day we are going to learn a lot about the voucher schools and how they are doing.  Now, in the meantime--and I know the Senator from Tennessee knows this--I would say we have a new school chancellor in the District of Columbia who is trying her very best to bring reform to public education. I know some of her proposals are controversial, but I think she is on the right track to bring in quality teachers and a quality learning environment in the public schools. So let us look at this thing in the perspective of an experiment for 5 years, that was extended 1 year by this bill, that we can take an honest look at and ask: Did it work?  Put aside for a moment whether you agree the Federal Government ought to put money into the hands of families to send kids to private schools and ask the basic question: Did it work? Are the students better off? Are they learning more? That is a legitimate question, and I want to know the answer, and I will bet the Senator does too. In the meantime, we should provide an environment for the public schools in the District of Columbia to have real reform, and that involves some money, I am sure, but it ought to be money we invest wisely as we invest in the voucher schools. There have been a few articles that have been inaccurate about the DC voucher program, and I wished to present my point of view on that program while the Senator from Tennessee is still here. I wish to move to another topic, unless he wants to address a question, which I would be happy to entertain.  