One of the things we need to do in America, which we have done in the Veterans' Administration, is start putting medical records on computers. The importance of that is obvious to anyone who has visited a modern hospital. You know if a doctor has access to all of your medical records on computer, or a nurse, that they are more likely to make a better diagnosis, come up with better treatment, save money in the process and have a safer outcome. So if we are going to move toward a health care system ready for this century, we need to bring the Internet into the hospital room and into the hospital setting. This bill makes the investment to do that. It is a critically important investment and it is the starting point I think in moving toward the health care system we need to provide for Americans.  There will be critics. Many of them want to do nothing, let the economy solve its own problems. But most of them are not students of history. The last President facing a major economic crisis, who said let's ride it out, was Herbert Hoover. Herbert Hoover, a Republican President during the Great Depression, said things will get better, the economy will cure itself, the market is a miracle. Guess what happened. More and more people lost jobs, more businesses failed, the stock market cratered and Franklin Roosevelt rode to the rescue.  We have to understand that standing back and watching this economy crater is unacceptable. This President was elected last November 4 to bring real change to this town in the way we do business and real change to this economy so we have a fighting chance for excellence in the 21st century. I think he has the right approach.  Let me add another element. There is a big section of this bill that demands accountability. All of us, whether we voted for or against President Bush's attempts to help the economy--all of us were frustrated at the end of the day that so few dollars could be accounted for. We gave them $350 billion. At the end of the day we wanted an accounting--those who voted for it and for the taxpayers. We couldn't get it. We still don't know what happened to the money.  This bill is different. This bill not only is going to provide inspectors general in each of the departments to watch the money as it is being spent, accountability through the States and through the local units of government, but Web sites as well for taxpayers to follow the course of this bill. It is a new level of openness and transparency we have not seen before and it is long overdue. I am glad it is there. I think that kind of openness is what the American taxpayers want to see, too.  They want solutions, they do not want political squabbling. They want to have people working together here rather than like in the House of Representatives, where no Republicans would even support the idea of a stimulus package. They want accountability, transparency--so they know their Federal tax dollars are being spent wisely--and they want honesty too. This President has been honest from the beginning and he said: I believe this will work. The best minds in the economy tell me this will work. If it does not, we are going to try something that does. We are going to be honest with you about the outcome here.  That is the best we can ask from our leaders, that they give it their best effort, good-faith efforts to solve our problems and be honest with us if they do not succeed. We need to succeed. There is too much at stake here.  I have seen it in Illinois. We have seen it all across this country. This particular proposal for Illinois is one I am excited about, creating or saving 148,000 jobs over the next 2 years. We need it. As I mentioned, we lost 36,000 jobs in December. We need to do something to stop this outflow of jobs.  A making work pay tax cut of up to $800 will affect about 5 million workers and their families in my State; 156,000 families are going to be eligible for an American opportunity tax credit, which makes college affordable. When I talk to college presidents, they tell me: I am worried. Kids are coming into the dean's office and saying: Dad's business is going down or Mom lost her job. I may not be able to finish here.  Let's give these families a helping hand, a tax credit so these kids can stay in school. If these young people end up dropping out of school with a mountain of student loans and no degree, that's the worst possible outcome. This will help us avoid it.  An additional $100 a month in unemployment insurance for those who lost their job doesn't sound like much to most families, but for these folks $100 means an awful lot.  We are providing funding sufficient to modernize 412 schools in Illinois so our children have the labs and classrooms and libraries and energy efficiency they need.  We are doubling the renewable energy generating capacity. I think there will be more wind turbines that will be installed in my State. There will be some happy farmers renting their plots of land for that and some communities that will have cleaner energy sources.  This is a bill that looks forward. To those looking in the rearview mirror of what we tried last year and want to try it again--we gave them their chance and it didn't work. It is worth a try now. I am glad three Republican Senators stepped forward and said they are willing to give this President a chance. It shows the kind of bipartisan cooperation we need more of.  I hope at the end of the day even more will vote for this and I hope the next time we debate an important issue on the floor that more Senators from both sides of the aisle will come together to solve the problems the American people face and do the job they sent us here to do.  I yield the floor.  