President, I wish to thank my colleague from Iowa for his kind and supportive statement about this pending amendment.  For the information of my colleagues, I have spoken to the Republican cloakroom. I believe this has been cleared, and if it hasn't, I will subject it to further modification. We have some 30 minutes remaining in the debate on this amendment that is pending, and it is to be evenly divided, 15 minutes to each side. So for the information of my colleagues, we expect the vote to be in the neighborhood, in the range of 2:45, if they want to make their plans accordingly, unless the Republican side yields back the 15 minutes they have remaining, which is their right, but they are certainly not compelled to do it. So I am not asking for a consent. I hope I am just explaining what the current consent order will lead us to.  Mr. President, I wish to show America what this debate is all about. It is about this: This picture was taken on Capitol Hill. Two adjoining homes on Capitol Hill, No. 822 on Capitol Hill, a neatly kept home--flower box, some work with some shrubbery here, nicely painted, obviously a lot of pride of ownership. Look next door. What do we find? A foreclosed property on Capitol Hill. This person is making his mortgage payment every month faithfully. This person is foreclosed on. The property is in the hands of a bank. This property is deteriorating. As it deteriorates, so does the value of the good-looking home right next door.  That is not an unusual story. It is a story that will be repeated 8 million times over the next several years because that is what Moody's estimates will be the number of mortgages foreclosed upon in America if we do nothing--8 million mortgage foreclosures. Out of all the home mortgages in America, it means that one out of six will be foreclosed upon.  This is an American tragedy coming to your neighborhood, coming to your home, coming to what may be the most important asset you have on Earth. It does not have to happen. We can do things now to make a difference. We have waited patiently for the banking industry to show leadership on this issue for years. They have failed. There has been one excuse after another why they cannot step in and help people renegotiate their mortgages.  Foreclosure is not a day at the beach for a bank. It costs them up to $50,000, sometimes more. They end up owning property, which is not what most bankers go to business school to learn how to do, and the property deteriorates, the value deteriorates, and they are stuck with it.  We have said to them: Let's find a way out of this that is reasonable.Let's give to those facing mortgage foreclosure a last chance in bankruptcy court to have the judge try to adjust the value of the principal of the mortgage no lower than the fair market value of the home--that is the best that any bank could ever hope for, if they could ever sell this property--no lower than the fair market value of the home and an interest rate that is competitive with market rates. If the person in bankruptcy has enough income to make the payment, give them that second chance. The banks say: No, never, even though that kind of a power in bankruptcy court is available for every other piece of real estate you own--the farms Senator Harkin of Iowa spoke to, ranches, vacation condos. It does not apply to a person's home. Why? Why wouldn't we apply it to a person's home? That is what the Durbin amendment does.  We said to our friends in the banking community: We are going to give you the last word, and here is what we are going to tell you: Anybody who wants to go to bankruptcy court to have their mortgage rewritten by the bankruptcy court first has to go back to the bank where they have their mortgage at least 45 days in advance of filing bankruptcy and put all of their documentation on the table as to their income and their net worth. If the bank then makes them an offer of a mortgage that has a mortgage-to-income ratio of 31 percent, which is the standard we are using now, if the bank makes that offer, whether the borrower takes it or not, the bank is protected, the person can't go to bankruptcy court. The bank has the last word in terms of whether anyone can even raise this issue in bankruptcy.  I have been working on this for 2 years. By Senate standards, that is a heartbeat. In this place, you better get ready to hunker down and fight for months and years at a time if it is an important issue, and I still am. But for 2 years, we have been working with the banks trying to come up with a reasonable way to avoid this tragedy in neighborhoods across America. They are the ones who came up with the 45 days before filing for bankruptcy. They wanted us to restrict it so it is not in the future, it only applies to existing mortgages. We said OK. They wanted to put a limitation on the value of the home, $729,000; that is the most you can consider to refinance. We said OK. They wanted to make sure a person had been delinquent at least 60 days before they could even consider bankruptcy. We said OK. We did all of these things because the banking industry said that way people will not be doing irresponsible things and taking advantage. We did them all. We made all these concessions. I do not agree with some of them, but that is the nature of compromise, that is the nature of the legislative process.  What happened at the end of the day after we made all these concessions? I will tell you what happened. The bankers got up and walked out. That is right. The American Banking Association, the community bankers, the major banks, such as JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and the credit unions walked out. They want nothing. They want no change. Only Citigroup said: We will stick with you; we think it is reasonable. They are the only ones.  If you ask them why they are opposing this effort to try to renegotiate a mortgage to keep a family in their home to avoid this mess, they say: Senator, you don't understand. It is about the sanctity of the mortgage contract.  Really? We know how some of these mortgages came to be. They came to be as a result of at least misleading the borrowers, if not outright fraud.  They used to call these mortgages no-doc mortgages. Do you know what that means? It means they were giving mortgages to people without any proof of income or net worth. If you dialed that 800 number on the television screen, a fellow would show up, set up your closing in 48 hours, and get it done. Just keep signing those papers, incidentally, until you get to the bottom of the pile and everything is taken care of. Six months, 1 year, 2 years later, that mortgage exploded in the faces of these homeowners.  Then there were others. They didn't get suckered into these subprime mortgages; they were folks just making their payments, everything was fine. Then the bottom fell out of the real estate market.  What is your home worth today? I can tell you what it is in Springfield, IL, my home I have been in for 30 years. The value of my home is down at least 20 percent. Did I miss a mortgage payment? No, but it is the state of the real estate market. Lucky for me and my wife, we paid down enough on our mortgage so it is no big problem. For some people, they went underwater. The value of the home is lower than the principal of the mortgage they were paying off. So their credit rating disintegrated as a result of that. The value of the home here, well kept and well painted, goes down because of a foreclosed home next door, and the credit rating of this homeowner deteriorates and disintegrates to the point where they cannot refinance their home. That is the reality. That is the catch-22.  The banks are arguing the sanctity of the mortgage contract. I have news for them. The bankruptcy court is all about looking at contracts. That is what they do anyway. When we reformed the Bankruptcy Code a few years ago, I didn't hear any argument about the sanctity of the contract when we changed the rules of the game. In that case, the financial institutions liked changing the rules, liked changing the contract. Now they are for the sanctity of the contract.  One other argument I think takes the cake: Senator, you don't understand the moral hazard here. People have to be held responsible for their wrongdoing. If you make a mistake, darn it, you have to pay the price. That is what America is all about.  Really, Mr. Banker on Wall Street, that is what America is all about? What price did Wall Street pay for their miserable decisions creating rotten portfolios, destroying the credit of America and its businesses? Oh, they paid a pretty heavy price--hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayers' money sent to them to bail them out, to put them back in business, even to fund executive bonuses for those guilty of mismanagement. Moral hazard? How can they argue that with a straight face? They do.  Let me show you what this means in some of the States across the United States if the Durbin amendment would pass.  Take a look at the State of Florida. This State is really hard hit; 206,000 homes would be saved from foreclosure with the Durbin amendment--206,000 in the State of Florida. For the rest of the homeowners in the State, $36 billion in value in their homes would be protected because we saved these homes.  Take a look at the State of Ohio. Almost 44,000 homes will be saved by the Durbin amendment; $1.5 billion in real estate values saved for the people who live next door and on the same block.  The State of Pennsylvania: 37,000 homes saved; $3.3 billion in real estate value protected.  The State of Maine, a small State but almost 5,000 homeowners would not face foreclosure because of the Durbin amendment, and $104 million in value would be protected for homeowners across the State of Maine.  In the State of Missouri, 22,000 homes saved; $993 million in value.  I want to show a chart from the city of Chicago, which I am proud to represent. It looks as if it has the measles, doesn't it? This chart shows the foreclosures in 2008, the filings in the city of Chicago. Have you ever flown into Midway Airport and looked down at the little houses, the little blond, brick bungalows? They have been around at least since World War II. Good, hard-working families are in those homes, starter homes for some, above-ground pools in the backyard, nice little flowers planted in the front yard, no trash out in the streets. These people are, by and large, ethnic folks, immigrant folks. They value that home. It is the best thing they have going for them. In that ZIP Code right around Midway Airport, there is not a single block in that ZIP Code that does not have a foreclosed home. Not one. And you tell me what that means to the folks living next door. I know what it means. It means that the value of their home just went down, and if the foreclosed home is not watched carefully, even worse things can occur.  Here is what it comes down to. This is our chance to stand up for the folks across America who send us here to be their voice. They are not lucky enoughto have the American Bankers Association as their lobby. They are not lucky enough to have the community bankers as their lobby. They are not lucky enough to have the credit unions as their lobby. What we are talking about here are people who do not have any paid lobbyists. What they are counting on is Senators in this Chamber who will stand up for them.  The bankers don't want this. They hate the Durbin amendment like the devil hates holy water. That was an old saying, which I particularly like, from Dale Bumpers, who served from the State of Arkansas. They hate this amendment so much, so they negotiated for weeks and at the end of it pulled the plug--we are going to walk away. We are going to tell all of our friends, all of our loyal friends to vote no.  I hope the homeowners across America have more friends here than the American Bankers Association. We are going to get a test vote in a few minutes to find out. I need 60 votes to win. That is not easy, I know it. I don't know how many, if any, votes will come from the other side of the aisle. I have spoken to a few over there, even some on this side of the aisle, one who has spoken out against this proposal, and that is his right to do. To me, at the end of the day, this is a real test as to where we are going in this country.  Next up after mortgages is credit cards. Next week, the bankers can come in and see how much might and power they have in the Senate when it comes to credit card reform.  The question we are going to face is whether this Senate is going to listen to the families facing foreclosure, the families facing job loss and bills they cannot pay or whether they are going to listen to the American Bankers Association, which has folded its arms and walked out of the room. I hope we have the courage to stand up to them. I hope this is the beginning of a new day in the Senate, a new dialog in the Senate that says to bankers across America: Your business-as-usual has put us in a terrible mess, and we are not going to allow that to continue. We want America to be strong, but if it is going to be strong, you should be respectful, Mr. Banker, of the people who live in the communities where your banks are located. You should be respectful of those hard-working families who are doing their best to make ends meet in the toughest economic recession they have ever seen. You should be respectful of the people you want to sign up for checking and savings accounts and make sure they have decent neighborhoods to live in. Show a little bit of loyalty to this great Nation instead of just to your bottom line when it comes to profitability. Take a little bit of consideration of what it takes to make America strong because when this country is strong, when families can stay in their homes, take pride in their homes, and our communities are better, guess what. You are going to do better as a banker. That is what will happen at the end of the day.  When I offered this amendment last year, they said: Not a big problem; there are only 2 million foreclosures coming up. They were wrong. It turned out to be 8 million. And if the bankers prevail today and we cannot get something through conference committee to deal with this issue, I will be back. I am not going to quit on this issue. Sadly, the next time I get up to speak, whenever that might be, if we are not successful today, it may not be 8 million, it may be 10 million or 12 million.  At some point, the Senators in this Chamber will decide that the bankers should not write the agenda for the Senate. At some point, the people in this Chamber will decide that the people we represent are not the folks working in the big banks but the folks struggling to make a living and struggling to keep a decent home. That is the test.  I hope my colleagues will join me in adopting the Durbin amendment.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:45 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to vote in relation to Durbin amendment No. 1014 and that any provisions of a previous order relating to this amendment remain in effect.  