President, this is an important bill, the Energy and Water appropriations bill. It is one of the 12 or 13 appropriations bills we have during the course of the year to prepare for spending in our new fiscal year, which starts October 1. Senator Dorgan and Senator Bennett are shepherding this bill on the floor.  Meanwhile, in another room, not far from here, at least six Senators--maybe more--are meeting trying to work out the details of a piece of legislation that could literally affect every person living in America. It is the question of health care reform. It is an interesting issue because it has been tried before. Previous Presidents--Theodore Roosevelt; Harry Truman; certainly, Bill Clinton--have tried their best to change the health care system in America to make it a system that is stable, secure, so people know what it will cost, what it will cover, and know, ultimately, they can have quality care available when they need it for themselves or their family.  The simple fact is, in America health care has become extremely expensive. We spend more per person in America--twice as much per person--as the nearest nation on Earth. So we are spending a lot of money. And people see it, because the cost of health insurance premiums is going up much faster than their income, and they worry about it.  Many of the folks whom I talk to back in Illinois worry whether next year there will be an increase in their hourly wage that will be completely consumed by increases in health insurance premiums. And they add, incidentally: Senator, that new health insurance plan is not an add-on. It usually covers less than the one before--the situation where preexisting conditions will eliminate coverage for things that are critically important for individuals; where folks find when they reach a certain age the cost of the health insurance premiums goes up so high.  There are battles that go on between doctors and hospitals and insurance companies about whether they will actually cover something--cases we have seen in Illinois and around the country, where folks thought they had some insurance and guarantee that health insurance covered their medical procedure only to find later it did not.  Many people who are out of work today are realizing for the first time in their lives they do not have the protection of health insurance. Some of them, with limited savings, battered by the recent stock market, wonder if tomorrow's accident or diagnosis will wipe out everything they have ever saved. That is the reality of the uncertainty and instability of our health care system today. People are looking for stable coverage they can count on; if they get sick today, that they will be covered tomorrow. They can look, as well, for the kind of stable costs they can afford--even when they have lost a job--to make sure there is health insurance to protect their families. And they want to preserve their right to choose their doctor and hospital to give them the best care in this country.  The obvious question is, can we reach that goal? And the obvious answer is, only with the political will of this Senate, with Republicans working with Democrats. I hope we can do this. I hope we can find a bipartisan way to this solution.  President Obama has made it clear it is his highest priority--to improve health care for America and its citizens, and it is his highest priority when it comes to our deficit. A lot of people say: Well, if you are going to spend a trillion dollars on health care reform, think twice. Well, we should think twice because we are facing deficits and a national debt that has grown dramatically over the last 7 or 8 years.  But the fact is, untouched, our health care system over the next 10 years will cost us more than $30 trillion. If spending a half a trillion dollars over that period of time can change the system for the better, start bringing in practices that bring down overall costs, it is money well invested and money well spent.  First, we have to try to wring out of the system the fraud that goes on. All of us know what is happening here. There are some health care providers in America who are capitalizing on a system that rewards doctors and hospitals for piling on the procedures, for piling on the expensive pharmaceuticals and medical devices. There is little or no reward for good health outcomes. The reward for a physician and someone who is using our system today is to do more, spend more. Well, that should not be our goal. Our goal should be quality health care for everyone. It should not be a system of fee for service that rewards and incentivizes spending that does not result in good health care.  There are a lot of people who have come to the Senate in committee and otherwise to express their opinions about what will work and what will not. The Congressional Budget Office has been called on from time to time toask whether these health care reform bills will actually save money. Testimony about the status quo is obvious. If we continue the way we are going, it is going to be a bad outcome. We know if we do not change this current system, it will become so expensive the average family will not be able to afford to pay the premiums. If we do not change the abuses in health insurance, we are all vulnerable to preexisting conditions and new costs and discrimination against people based on their gender, where they live. That has to change.  We know there are ways to save money within our system. One of them relates to preventive care, wellness strategies. There is not enough of that today. A man by the name of Steve Burd is the CEO of Dominicks and Safeway, and he has a program for his management employees where he creates a financial incentive for them to take care of themselves and to get healthier. It is voluntary for those who want to participate. They come forward. They get examined. If they find they are overweight, they set a goal to reduce their weight. If they find their cholesterol is too high, they set a goal to reduce their cholesterol; the same thing with blood pressure, and the management of diabetes.  If they meet these goals, if they show they are changing their lifestyles--they quit smoking; they are getting healthier--they get a financial reward. For the business, the reward is lower health care premiums.  We need to have wellness strategies in America. Some of the problems we are facing are problems that will cost us dramatically in years to come. The incidence of diabetes among our children today is alarming. If it does not stop, if we will not deal with the issues of obesity and diabetes and other related issues, believe me, we cannot enact enough laws and put enough money into a health care system that does not deal with this.  We also have to realize the health records and medical records need to be put on computers so they can be exchanged between health care providers. These electronic records can reduce the number of mistakes that are made, improve the care that is given to individuals, and save us money.  We also need to take a look at chronic diseases--I mentioned diabetes--and make certain there is an incentive there for wellness and for preventive care before people reach terrible stages in that disease that costs dearly and can be compromising to their health and maybe even their life.  So if we can come together with a system of health care that provides stable coverage that you can count on, stable costs that you can afford, and quality that strives for excellence, and the kind of choice every American family wants, then the outcome of the meeting, not far from here, of these Senators will be one that America can cheer.  Fortunately, the President has invested his political capital in this effort. He has told all of us this is the most important single thing he is working on and wants to achieve. He is prepared to spend his time, obviously, and his political capital to achieve it. It is our job as elected officials to respond to this national need. For many of us this may be a once in a political lifetime opportunity to change health care in America for the better.  It is the job of those in government to consider its budgetary impact. But some of them are not charged with coming up with a solution. We have to look beyond the budget in some respects to the long-term benefit. The President has said we are going to pay for everything we do. But the long-term benefit, for example, of preventive care may be difficult to measure today. We know it is going to be an ultimate benefit to our country. Most of the savings in health care may not be reflected in the Federal budget. The savings will accrue to the people of this Nation, though, to give them the peace of mind they have health care they can count on that will be there when their family desperately needs it.  We have to make certain this is part of our charge here, and this is the time to do it. I hope the Senate Finance Committee, before we leave in about 10 days or 11 days, can produce a bill. And I hope the House of Representatives can pass one, and then, when we return, we will come to the floor of the Senate and work together in a bipartisan fashion to pass it. I am certain it will require compromise by all of us. I have my idea of what health care reform should look like, and I am sure others do as well. But in the spirit of good faith, we can come together and make a difference and provide the kind of health care reform and changes that will give people peace of mind across America--a stable and secure health care system that continues to make this great Nation on Earth a nation of healthy individuals and families.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  