President, I want the record to show that I support President Obama's supplemental request for the remainder of fiscal year 2009. This supplemental provides critical funding for military and security efforts in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Iraq. A small portion is for international programs, including assistance to Jordan, one of our important allies in the Middle East. Jordan is struggling with a huge influx of Iraqi refugees that strains its national services and particularly its water resources. Jordan has been a friend and ally, and it is right that in the supplemental bill we give them a helping hand because the war in Iraq has created a situation which we should address in Jordan.  It also provides additional support to the Global Fund which partners with other nations to tackle AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria. I have worked with my colleagues for years to provide adequate funding for the Global Fund. I am glad this supplemental request from the Obama administration continues critical food assistance to help meet urgent needs of the world's poorest, which is also included. Funding is provided to help stem the flow of drugs and violence across our border in Mexico.  At home, the supplemental includes money to prepare and to respond to a global disease pandemic, including the recent H1N1 virus. This $1.5 billion went through my subcommittee and is money well spent so the President can have resources to respond quickly to any outbreak of disease or pandemic; that we would have adequate money for vaccinations, as well as providing medications, should people be stricken. We are looking ahead, planning ahead, thinking ahead, hoping the H1N1 will disappear from the world scene before the next flu season but being prepared if it does not or if something else threatens us.  This bill also provides funds critical to helping President Obama meet a key campaign promise--bringing an end to the war in Iraq. In late February, President Obama made an important announcement to thousands of marines at Camp Lejeune: bringing an end to the war in Iraq. After only 5 weeks into office, he delivered on his major campaign promise to end one of the longest wars in American history.  