President, our national debt is a national challenge and a national problem, and we can face it and face it honestly, Democrats and Republicans. We can't leave these debts to our children. That is a fact. But let's have some honesty in recounting the history of this debt.  When President Clinton left office 9 years ago, he gave to President George W. Bush a surplus not a debt, a surplus. He had not only balanced the budget, he was generating a surplus, and it was giving longer life to Social Security. President George W. Bush inherited this surplus and an accumulated national debt over the 200-year history of the United States of $5 trillion--$5 trillion. Remember that number because 8 years later, when President Bush left office, the national debt had doubled--doubled--with the support of his party.  Why did it double? It doubled because he fought a war and didn't pay for it. He accumulated debt year after year--in addition to the terrible casualties and losses of our brave fighting men and women--and left that debt to future generations. Then, in the midst of this, he cut taxes. For the first time in the history of the United States of America, a President, in the midst of war, cut taxes for the wealthiest people in our country, supported by the same party that comes now and preaches to us their sermon of fiscal integrity.  So when President Bush left office, he left President Obama a deficit and a national debt that had doubled under his watch, with Republican congressional leadership support. That is a fact. Those are facts. President Obama inherited that debt and inherited the problems that came with it and the sickest economy America had seen in 75 years. That is what he was given.  So President Obama said: We have to be serious about our debt, but we have to be honest about it too. Until we get out of this recession, until we stop this rampant unemployment where people are losing their jobs and can't fend for their families and can't pay taxes--obviously, because they do not have work--we are going to see this deficit continue to grow. To stabilize this economy, we need to put people back to work.  The President said: I know it is tough to spend money when you are in debt, but at this moment in time it is like buying a tourniquet to stop the bleeding. We have to do it, even if it takes every penny we have. And he put together a stimulus bill to get this economy back on its feet. With the exception of three then-Republican Senators, not a single one of them would support this effort to stop the recession.  When President Obama came to office, we were losing 741,000 jobs a month. Now, 4 months into our 24-month stimulus, we have cut that number by one-third, and I hope we have turned the corner. But this massive economy of ours, connected throughout the world with so many other global economies, it is pretty tough to turn this battleship and move it in the right direction. I think the President has done the right thing.  The amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana is an amendment which says: Give up. Give up on stimulating this economy. Give up on stopping this recession. Stop building these projects that create American jobs--good-paying jobs. Stop investing in our infrastructure for future generations. Stop addressing this recession head on and pray for a good outcome.  I am sorry, but I can't buy it. The Senator from Louisiana is offering a proposal to take money out of the President's recovery and reinvestment package that was determined to stabilize this economy. He wants to take the money out of it when we are 4 months into it. He says this morning: We are not spending this money fast enough.  Incidentally, he voted against this, but now he is criticizing it saying we are not spending it fast enough. Well, I want to spend it quickly, but I want to spend it wisely, and I want accountability. At the end of the day, the taxpayers will hold us all accountable: Did you spend our tax dollars wisely? Did you spend them on projects that really do benefit our country? Did you waste it? Was there fraud? I want those questions answered in the positive frame of mind that we have done everything we can do. So it is not being spent as fast as its critics say, but I think it is being spent wisely, and we are creating jobs all across America.  Thousands of projects are on line now creating good-paying jobs. The amendments we are considering today on the Republican side of the aisle, all from Members who opposed the President's effort to stop this recession with the stimulus bill, every one of them wants to put an end to the stimulus package. With 150 days into this 2-year bill, they want to put an end to it by starting to take money out of it. They have given up on it. They have given up on a package which, incidentally, provided a tax break for 95 percent of the working families in America.  Does that help? You bet it does. These families are struggling in the recession too. They have seen their life savings devastated by the stock market in the last year. Giving them a helping hand is a sensible thing to do.  It is a bill they voted against--the President's bill--which says let's give unemployed workers $25 more per week so they can get by. Sure, it doesn't sound like a lot of money, except when you don't have a job and every penny counts. They want to criticize, as well, the President's idea of providing health insurance to unemployed workers. No, they said that was a terrible idea. They voted against it.  Think about this: You have just lost your job, you may lose your house, your child has to go to the doctor with a raging fever, and you pray to God a diagnosis isn't going to come down that will wipe out your life savings. For them it is an extravagance--the idea of providing health insurance for unemployed people. For me, it is part of America, a caring country that stands by people when they are facing the misfortunes of losing their job.  The list goes on and on, and they oppose all of it. They now come and say, we not only opposed it at the outset, we are going to start taking money out of it. We are going to pass it around, moving it in a lot of directions. Some want to put it in the highway trustfund, some in unemployment insurance, and some want to put it in housing programs. But the net result is the same. It takes the money the President wanted to use to stimulate this economy and create good-paying jobs. We need to resist these amendments.  Mr. President, I understand Senator DeMint wants to offer an amendment, and we are supposed to close at 2. So I don't know if he is prepared at this time, but if he is, I would be happy to yield the floor.  