President, I ask unanimous consent that immediately after the adoption of this unanimous consent request, all postcloture time be yielded back, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time, that no points of order be in order, and the Senate then proceed to vote on passage of H.R. 3548; that upon passage, the Senate then proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 331, the nomination of Tara Jeanne O'Toole; and that once the nomination is reported, the Senate proceed to vote on confirmation of the nomination, with any statements relating to the nomination appearing at the appropriate place in the Record, as if read; that upon confirmation, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate then resume legislative session; that on Thursday, November 5, after a period of morning business, the Senate consider the motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the committee-reported substitute amendment to H.R. 2847, the Commerce-Justice-Science Appropriations Act; that the motion to proceed be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be agreed to; and that prior to the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the substitute amendment, there be 40 minutes of debate, equally divided and controlled as follows: 20 minutes under the control of Senator Vitter and 20 minutes total for Senators Mikulski and Shelby; that upon the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate proceed to vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the substitute amendment; further, that upon disposition of H.R. 2847, the Senate then proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 106, H.R. 3082, the Military Construction/Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act; that immediately after the bill is reported, Senator Johnson or his designee be recognized to call up the substitute amendment, which is the text of S. 1407, the Senate committee-reported bill.  Mr. President, I wish to inform my colleagues that the unanimous consent request I just made has been cleared by both sides.  