President, in our home State of Illinois, we are losing about 2,000 jobs a day. It is an indication of the economy going through a recession and the hardships that are being created across this country. There is some good news, in the sense that perhaps we are turning a corner. I hope that is true. But let's not forget the victims and those who are casualties in this economic recession.  I recently received a letter, which I would like to read into the Record, from one of my constituents in Illinois--from Hodgkins. This is what she wrote:       Dear Senator Durbin: I am a 61 year old female. I have      raised 6 children without the benefit of welfare, except for      6 months. The State of Illinois was unable to collect court      ordered child support. At one time I was working three jobs      to support us. I am not bragging but stating a fact that I am      not afraid to work. My children are now adults and I was, up      to August able to support just myself and finally live on my      own. For the last 23 years I have worked full time at a dry      cleaners. I now find myself downsized to part-time, hourly      instead of salary and in a position of real fear. I do not      have a pension. I no longer can afford health insurance. My      question to you is, ``What is going to happen to me and those      like me?'' Thank you for letting me vent and for listening.  I read this letter and saw my response. The staff prepared a good response about the issues of health insurance and the President's stimulus package and what we are trying to do. And I thought it just isn't enough. I handwrote a response to her and let her know I had not only read her letter, but I was moved by this letter.  Many of the issues we debate on the floor of the Senate relate directly to this woman who has struggled through her entire life to provide for her children and take care of herself without leaning on the Government, and now she finds herself, at 61 years of age, in a very vulnerable position. She has to wait 4 more years before she qualifies for Medicare. She has no health insurance. She is totally vulnerable to an accident or a diagnosis that can literally wipe out any meager savings she has put together and put her in a terrible position.  People who face this do desperate things trying to keep things going. Many of them turn to credit cards, if they are lucky to have one. Too often they get too deeply into debt to those credit cards, and the outcome is not good. That is why the debate we are starting today on the floor of the Senate about credit card reform is one that is very timely. People across America are using these credit cards in an effort to try to stay afloat when they face a recession.  I receive countless letters, in addition to the one I just read into the Record from Illinois, with stories about credit card companies specifically. One woman wrote that she opened her statement recently to find her credit card rate had jumped from 3.9 percent interest to 26.9 percent interest. She phoned her credit card company, and she was told her last payment had been posted 2 days late because of a technical problem at her bank, which automatically pays her credit card bill each month. She did nothing wrong. Yet she was treated on the phone like a criminal, in her words, and faced this dramatic increase in the interest rate she had to pay on her credit card.  Another gentleman wrote that he paid $7 less than his minimum payment 1 month and was immediately fined an $85 fee. Another wrote that his credit card interest rate was increased from 8\1/2\ percent to 22\1/2\ percent. Yet he had never made a late payment or done anything else to justify the rate increase.  These people who wrote to me are totally at the mercy of the banks and these credit card companies. President Obama was right to call on the credit card companies to stop this sort of outrageous behavior. Chairman Dodd reported a very good credit card bill out of the Banking Committee, and I am pleased the Senate is going to take up a version of that bill this week.  The bill would bar many of the most abusive credit card practices that banks have dreamed up over the years, including harmless sounding policies such as universal default and double-cycle billing, which in fact are terrible for credit card borrowers.  The bill includes a provision that I have been promoting for nearly 10 years. The bill would require that each credit card statement include, in clear terms, the cost of paying only the minimum amount due each month. Credit card statements would have to include two things: how many months it would take to pay off the full balance if no more purchases were made on the card and if you just made the monthly payment, and how much interest the borrower would need to pay during thatperiod. If people better understood just how expensive it is to pay only the minimum amount due each month, many people would save huge amounts of money over the long term by paying a bit more on their balances.  There are many good provisions in the bill such as the one I just mentioned, and I might add this is not a new idea. This is an idea I brought to the Senate 8 or 9 years ago during the debate on bankruptcy reform. I said we are talking about people getting in debt and ending up in bankruptcy court and that they should at least be given fair notice on their monthly credit card statements about what a minimum monthly payment means. Tell them how much interest they would pay and how long it would take to pay them off.  The banks and the credit card companies came back and said: Durbin, it is impossible to calculate; too difficult to calculate; we just can't do it. They fought me and defeated my amendment. That was about 9 years ago. Thank goodness we hung in there, and thank goodness Chairman Chris Dodd on the Banking Committee took this provision which I had offered so many years ago, put it back in the bill, and this time the banks have had to accept it.  I also wish to make this bill a little better, if I can, by setting limits on the credit card industry going forward. I plan to file three amendments this week. One would establish a new regulator, whose sole purpose would be to look out for the best interest of the consumers of financial products.  Understand what happens: If you go to the store today and buy a toy for your child, you fully expect that somewhere, someone is taking a look at it to make sure it is safe. You don't expect it to have lead paint that an infant or toddler might chew on, swallow, and have a negative health outcome. You wouldn't expect the toaster you bought to be faulty and catch fire in your kitchen. You wouldn't expect the television set to blow up when you take it home. These are things you assume somewhere along the way someone has done some basic inspection of the product.  Well, we found a few years ago that our inspection services were not good enough. The Consumer Product Safety Commission was not doing its job effectively. Those lead-based painted toys were coming in, and other dangerous toys, and so now we have completely reformed the law governing that commission, given them more authority and more power and more staff to protect American consumers. It is a minimum that we expect as consumers in America, that somebody is keeping an eye on these products before they hit the shelves so that we can go ahead and shop with some confidence.  But what about financial instruments? How many Federal agencies keep an eye on credit cards to see if they are doing something with their new practices which are abusive and shouldn't be allowed in this country? How many of them are taking a look at mortgage instruments to see if there is a provision in the mortgage instrument that is being offered in America that is dangerous for consumers?  Let me give an example of one: prepayment penalty. Know what that means? You enter into a mortgage agreement, and if you are not careful, and you don't have somebody helping you, you might miss in one paragraph in that stack of papers you get at closing which says, if you decide to prepay the mortgage, there is a penalty. It turns out that started in 2004. And because of a prepayment penalty, which many consumers weren't even aware of, they were hooked into mortgages where the interest rates exploded. So instead of being able to say, oops, I am going to push this old mortgage aside and get a new one at a lower interest rate, you can't do it without paying a significant penalty--a prepayment penalty. So people were trapped into expensive high-interest mortgages.  You would think that somewhere along the way someone would have waved the red flag and said to consumers across America, watch for this; prepayment penalties can become a hardship on you if you have one of these adjustable mortgages. But that wasn't done. Despite the fact there were Federal agencies that had the responsibility to keep an eye out for it, they didn't blow the whistle, and of course didn't have the authority to stop it from happening.  What we are creating here is the Financial Product Safety Commission--a commission which would play the same role when it comes to financial instruments that the Consumer Product Safety Commission does when it comes to the toys and appliances and cars and other things we buy, so we would have an agency not only with the authority to look at what is happening out there but to do something about it.  Trust me, as good as this credit card reform bill is--and I am hoping we can pass it, and I am hoping the banks won't stop it when it gets to conference committee, and I am hoping the President will be able to sign it--the next day the people in this industry will sit down and say, how do we get around it? What is the next thing we can do that they didn't cover? Trust me, that is what is going to happen. You know it. So wouldn't it be good to have a watchdog agency that keeps an eye on the financial industry and credit card industries on behalf of consumers?  There are 10 different Federal agencies which are supposed to have that responsibility, but few, if any, actually exercise it. Few, if any, say there are certain practices that are unacceptable, illegal, and we are going to stop them.  The second amendment I will file will be a Federal usury cap at a very high level. What is a usury law? It is a limit on interest rates. There was a time in America when that was considered normal; States would have usury caps. The Federal government had a usury cap. But then they went away in the interest of competition and free markets. We decided we were not going to put a cap on interest rates, and so it has reached the point where there are very few usury caps left. What I have established, as the maximum, is 36 percent.  Nobody in their right mind would pay 36 percent on a mortgage, or 36 percent on a credit card. I mean, you would have to be out of your head to get into that kind of a predicament--a 36-percent annual interest rate. But the fact is Americans right and left are paying much higher interest rates today and don't know it--payday loans, title loans, installment loans. Sit down and do the math and figure out to borrow a hundred dollars and what you end up paying, whether you are going to one of those places and putting up the title of your car or letting them have access to your checking account, which is a deadly thing to do from a credit point of view. You end up paying interest rates that go through the roof. I have actually had people sit in my office and say, Senator, this 36-percent cap on interest rates will put us out of business. I said: Well, how much do you charge? Well, somewhere between 58 percent and 400 percent a year. I said: I hope you do go out of business, because, quite frankly, they used to call that a juice loan when the syndicate and gangs were involved in it, but now it is legitimate. It is legal.  So this 36-percent cap on interest is something which I know will be resisted by banks and title loans and payday loans and all the rest of these folks, but it is about time we got real here. If we are not going to protect the American consumers when it comes to some of these interest rates, they are going to be very vulnerable to some bad practices.  The third amendment would allow retailers--the department stores, convenience stores, restaurants--to offer consumers discounts if they use less expensive methods of payment. For example, they would say: If you give us a credit card, here is your bill; but if you pay in cash, if you pay by check, or if you pay by a debit card, we will give you a discount. I don't think that is unreasonable. Because when it gets down to it, the extra charges the establishment has to pay for the use of a credit card are kind of hidden inflaters in the cost of the product you buy. If you can get a discount, I think it would be very helpful.  Ultimately, I believe these three amendments would move us toward a better bill. We are going to work with the sponsors of the legislation to see the best time and place to consider these amendments, and I am certainly open to any good-faith effort to give us our day in court, as we say here in the Senate, to debate these issues.  I might say that when it comes to the Financial Product Safety Commission, it has the support of the Consumer Federation of America, the Center for Responsible Lending, Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, and a wide array of groups that try to look out for the average person in America who can't afford high-paid lobbyists to try to protect them against some abuses and exploitations.  I think this is a move in the right direction. I commend this bill to my colleagues. I hope we can add some significant amendments to it and I hope at the end of the day we will do something for the lady who wrote me, who now has seen her hours at the dry cleaners reduced, faces some of the hardships of this economy, and is hoping that somewhere, someone on Capitol Hill will be keeping her interests in mind when we consider this significant and historic legislation.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Gillibrand). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  