He said it required unanimous consent. But that is not what the language of the Senate rules say that I have read. They say a Senator has, as a matter of right under rule XV, paragraph 2, to withdraw his amendment before action is taken. In this case, as I mentioned earlier, the argument back in 1992 backs up the Parliamentarian's decision in that interpretation of the rule.  So I would say it didn't work today to stop or slow down the Senate. Currently, we are not technically debating health care reform. What is before us now is the Department of Defense appropriations bill from the House, which I hope we can move on quickly. I think it is not controversial. It is a matter of finding money for our troops who are risking their lives overseas and supporting their families at home and providing health care for members of the military and their families. I don't think there is much debate about that.  It also extends the unemployment benefits that people need across America, which passed with a 97-to-0 vote, if I am not mistaken, not that long ago--the last time it was considered. So these are matters which should move along, and we should be able to do it in a fairly straightforward way. I would hope we can show some bipartisanship when it comes to our men and women in uniform and approve the Department of Defense appropriations bill, which does not contain anything controversial beyond what I have just described. We can then get back to the health care reform bill. I think it is important that at some point we bring this to a vote, to find if we indeed have the 60 votes for health care reform. I sincerely hope we do.  I will close by saying this health care reform bill has its critics, but it also has several features which can't be denied.  The first of those features that have been verified by the Congressional Budget Office: This bill does not add to the deficit of the United States; it reduces the deficit by $130 billion over 10 years and $650 billion, moreover, the following 10 years.  We have also received reports from the Congressional Budget Office that the result of this bill will be a decline in the increase in the cost of health insurance premiums--something we desperately need.  It is a bill that will also extend health insurance coverage to 30 million more Americans who do not have it today--50 million uninsured Americans; 30 million of them, 60 percent of them, will have the protection of health insurance coverage. Ninety percent of Americans will have health insurance coverage--the highest percentage in the history of the United States of America--as a result of this bill.  This bill addresses directly the issue of whether health insurance companies can continue to deny coverage when people need it the most. We know stories from our own life experience and our families' and people who write to our offices, that people in the most need of health insurance protection are often turned down by the companies. They pore through the applications and say: You failed to disclose a preexisting condition. They say: Your amount of coverage has lapsed; your child is too old to be covered by your family plan--the list goes on and on.  Finally, some of the most egregious abuses by health insurance companies are addressed in this bill, and consumers across America are given the legal power to fight back and the legal power to be protected. That is why this bill is important and why it is worth passing, all the criticism notwithstanding.  I might also say that it is a bill that is critically important for the future of Medicare. If we do nothing, Medicare is going broke in 7 or 8 years, but we are told this bill will extend the life of Medicare up to 10 more years. That is good news, to put Medicare on sound financial footing, so our seniors like that.  The majority leader of the Senate came to the floor 2 days ago to announce something else that will be part of the conference committee here. The so-called doughnut hole, that gap in coverage for prescription drugs underMedicare, is going to be filled so that seniors will no longer have that period of uncertainty where their bills have reached a level where they are disqualified from payment--the so-called doughnut hole. It will be filled. It will give them peace of mind that if they have expensive pharmaceuticals, they will have no interruption in coverage in the future when it comes to those pharmaceuticals.  For seniors, these are two major things--to put Medicare on sound financial footing and to fill the doughnut hole under the Medicare prescription part of the program.  It also is going to give seniors for the first time access to the kind of preventive care--regular checkups--they need for peace of mind and so doctors and professionals can catch problems before they get worse.  This bill is a positive bill, a positive step forward.  Yesterday, we had a chance as a Senate Democratic caucus to meet with President Obama. We went to the White House, the Executive Office Building, and the President talked to us about what this bill means. He reminded us that seven Presidents have tried to do this and failed. He told us when he started this trek that he wanted to be the last President to deal with health care reform because he wanted to get it done. I feel the same way. I think the American people feel the same way.  I am sure there is confusion. There have been a lot of misstatements made about death panels and things that really have no basis in fact. But people should be confident that when the AARP, the American Association of Retired Persons, stands up and says this is a good bill for the seniors in America under Medicare and Social Security and for their families; when medical professionals, doctors and medical professionals, stand up and say this is a good bill, that we have the kind of support we need to say to the American people that this is an important step forward in health care protection in America.  It is time for us to make history and pass this bill. Let's do it and do it in time for Members to enjoy Christmas with their families.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  