President, I won't dwell on the double standard. I won't dwell on the fact that when President Bush suggested Guantanamo be closed, I don't recall a single Republican Senator--certainly not Senator McConnell or those who have spoken recently--objecting. I won't dwell on the fact that when there were releases of hundreds of detainees from Guantanamo, there was no requirement of an accounting by the Republican side ofthe aisle about these people and where they were headed. I certainly won't argue the double standard that this President has stepped forward and said he will come forward with a plan in detail of how to do this in a responsible way.  Does anyone in this Chamber seriously believe President Obama would release a terrorist into their community, into their neighborhood? Can you really say that with a straight face? I don't think you can. The American people know better. This President is responsible. Like every President, he wants to protect us, and to suggest otherwise is not responsible.  The Senator from Kentucky has discussed many things today. He has failed to note that we currently have in U.S. prisons 347 inmates being held for terrorism. Currently, in your Federal prison in your State in your backyard, in your neighborhood, according to the Senator from Kentucky, 347 convicted terrorists are in our prisons today--not at Guantanamo, in our prisons.  I will get back to the bottom line. Why in the world would we jeopardize the prosecution of any detainee at Guantanamo with the requirement of the McConnell amendment that the President disclose evidence, intelligence, and information to justify the detention of the detainee? It is far better for us not to request that information and successfully prosecute that person than to satisfy the curiosity of the Senator from Kentucky.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to retain some of my leader time for rebuttal.  Let me just use a moment of my leader time to reiterate the fundamental point. The Director of the FBI thinks this is a problem; he just said so today. I know the Senator from Illinois is a great lawyer and understands all of these matters fully. We think it is important for the relevant Members of Congress to be assured that these terrorists do not have the kind of profile that would warrant their release.  This is not an attack on the current administration. The previous administration mistakenly released a number of detainees who went back to the battlefield. Why should we not learn from the experience of the past and apply it to the future? I hope my amendment will be adopted.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.  