 They also found schools that did not pass the Life Safety Code inspection. They found schools where they had misrepresented what the building was being used for. And, of course, there were no comparative tests they could use.  In my mind, if this were to be an experimental program, a pilot program, and we wanted to make sure that the kids were protected and that at the end of the day we could measure the results honestly and accurately, you would have included these provisions. Unfortunately, they were not included.  So now the question is, Should the Federal taxpayers continue to subsidize the education of the students in the DC voucher schools? It is a legitimate question, and it is one that a serious committee should look at. In fact, I think it should be a committee the Senator serves on, and that is what we suggested. He is a member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, chaired by Senator Lieberman. He came to the floor when the Senator asked 2 weeks ago and stated publicly: Yes, I will have a hearing on the reauthorization of the DC Voucher Program, and, in fact, has indicated to many of us that he supports the program. He is no enemy of the program.  So when our bill says we ought to take a look at the total results of the millions of dollars we put into DC voucher schools, let's judge how the students are doing--incidentally, in the first year or two, it turned out that the test scores, when they tried to compare them, they said there doesn't seem to be much difference between students in voucher schools and those in public schools. Maybe that has changed. It is certainly worth asking the question.  In this bill, I also require now that the teachers in the DC voucher schools in this next year have a college degree. Is that what you call ending the program? I think it makes the program more responsible. I think it makes the program more likely to produce students with a good education.  Let me tell you what else happened. When the Department of Education took a look at this program, they raised questions about whether the people administering the program were spending the money wisely, whether they were watching how the resources were gathered and spent. There is a lot of talk about oversight here and a lot of criticism that taxpayers' money and Government funds are being wasted. That is a fair criticism of everything we do on the floor. Why should this program be any exception? Why should we create a standard for this program that is different from any other program in Government or any agency of Government? I think it ought to withstand the oversight and review that every single program does.  I want to also tell you that this provision which created these schools--the law is a DC City Council ordinance. It was codified. It was made a law in the DC City Council, where it said specifically:       The Secretary may make grants under this section for a      period of not more than 5 years.  We have gone beyond 5 years. I have not only allowed it, I said we should. It is only fair it go beyond at least an additional year. Now the Senator from Nevada objects to the DC government itself deciding whether to continue this program. For a lot of people who come to this floor and talk about home rule, local control of schools, they are basically saying to DC: You don't have any voice in this matter. You are our laboratory. We will decide what happens to your school right here in Congress.  The Senate and the House of Representatives are filled with many gifted politicians, people who have served in many offices throughout their careers and bring that service as an experience to help them serve in the Senate. But it turns out that many of them, more than anything else, always wanted to be mayors, and in particular Mayor of the District of Columbia. Time and again, this Congress--and an attempt is being made right now--tries to preempt the District of Columbia from making its own choices for its own citizens. I would no more think of imposing on Las Vegas, NV, an education program that its school district did not want, would not accept, without saying to them: You ought to have a voice in this as well.  So at the end of the day, we say the program needs to be reauthorized to make sure it is working, that the money is not being wasted, and the program needs to be approved by the DC City Council.  I have met some of these students to whom Senator Ensign has referred. They are truly impressive. They tell a wonderful story about lives that were turned around and new opportunities. And that is exactly what I wanted to create for my children and what everyone else wants to create. But believe me, we are not going to create new opportunities when we have DC voucher schools stuck in the basement of a home where the principal has no academic credentials and the teachers do not have college degrees. We are not going to create excellence in buildings which are dangerous for kids to be in. We are not going to create excellence until we have accurate measurement between the progress students are making in the DC voucher schools and in the public schools as well.  While we are engaged in this conversation, many on the other side--I am not pointing at the Senator from Nevada when I say this--many on the other side have completely given up on the DC public schools. They are wrong.Michelle Rhee is the new chancellor of education in the District of Columbia. She is an extraordinarily talented young woman who has come from the Teach For America Program, one of the most successful new programs and largest employer of college grads in America. She was successful in Baltimore in bringing back a classroom that had fallen behind. She went up to New York to recruit nontraditional teachers. And she is now here with the same dedication and commitment. I am not about to give up on DC public schools. I honestly believe the vast majority of kids are going to be in those public schools, and they deserve a decent education. As much as we can help them, we should. To despair and say there is no hope for these public schools is not fair to Michelle Rhee, to the new Mayor, Mayor Fenty, or to those who want to see this new day in education in the District of Columbia.  I think an honest evaluation of the DC voucher schools, as well as the DC charter schools, and a commitment to reform in the DC public schools is the answer. For those who want to stop and say no evaluation, no reauthorization, no investigation, spend the money on the program, no questions asked, I am going to say no. I am going to fight this amendment because I think it is a move in the wrong direction. It is a move away from accountability. It is a move away from a local voice in the future of the education of kids in the District of Columbia. And it is a movement away from quality and back to the DC voucher original model that did not include the most basic standards we require of virtually every public school in America.  I can tell you that many who are participating in the DC Voucher Program agree with the reforms I have suggested. I have talked with them about it. There are those who will resist it. We cannot let them win the day by adopting the Ensign amendment.  Now I will yield for a question.  