Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts had been originally scheduled to speak to the graduates, but Senator Kennedy had taken ill and Senator Obama spoke in his place.  In a tribute to Ted Kennedy's lifetime of service to America, Senator Obama spoke to the graduates about the importance of national service. It was a remarkable speech. In fact, what he told the graduates was his life story, about how Barack Obama, after graduating from an Ivy League college, could have gone to law school or Wall Street with many of his classmates. But, instead, he took a job as a community organizer on the south side of Chicago.  Many people know this story because they have heard Barack tell it. They may have read about it when the President published his autobiography, ``Dreams From My Father,'' of how he ended up with a broken down little car, taking a job that didn't pay very much as a community organizer in a section of Chicago that had been wracked by the closing of steel mills and all the unemployment and hardship that followed. It wasn't easy work for him. He went church to church trying to organize people in the neighborhoods. The pay wasn't very good, but he knew he was making a difference. He made friends and connections. He learned a lot about life, and he learned a lot about himself. He found direction in his life from those moments that he spent volunteering and giving back to his community.  President Obama--then Senator Obama--called on the graduates atWesleyan to find their own direction through service to the country. Here is what he said:       There's no community service requirement in the real world;      no one forcing you to care. You can take your diploma, walk      off this stage, and chase only after the big house and the      nice suits and all the other things that our money culture      says you should buy. You can choose to narrow your concerns      and live your life in a way that tries to keep your story      separate from America's. But I hope you don't. Because      thinking only about yourself, fulfilling your immediate wants      and needs, betrays a poverty of ambition. Because it's only      when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself      that you realize your true potential and discover the role      you will play in writing the next great chapter in America's      story.  President Obama repeated this call to service throughout his campaign and now into his Presidency. He has called on all Americans to find a way to serve their neighbors and their community to make this Nation a better place.  Over the last few months, we have heard too many stories about the so-called successful people who have followed their ambitions, and sometimes their greed, and the economy and country have suffered. But there are so many other stories to be told--community organizations across this Nation that are reporting record numbers of volunteers coming through their doors as we face this troubling economy. Many of these new volunteers have recently lost their jobs, but they still want to answer the President's call and give back to their communities.  That is the spirit that truly makes America great. Even in the most troubling times, Americans think of those who are suffering, those who have lost their homes or can't put food on the table, and they want to help. There isn't a community in America where you can't find that spirit, and you can find it on the street corners, in church basements, in afternoon and weekend efforts of people just wanting to give a little bit back and to help those less fortunate.  In my State of Illinois, each year 2.7 million volunteers dedicate over 300 million hours of service. The estimated economic contribution of those hours is $5.9 billion annually. More than 66,000 of these volunteers participate in national service programs through 144 different projects. In Chicago, the City Year program is one of my favorites. It places young volunteers to work full time in some of Chicago's neediest schools. There they serve as tutors, mentors, and role models for Chicago's students.  They usually call me in once a year to meet the new class--and I love them. They are just so bristling with energy and determination and commitment. Many of them are doing something in a communal sense that they have never done in their lives. Some of them are in Chicago for the first time, dazzled by the city but dazzled as well by the people they are working with.  We know we need them. A student drops out of school every 26 seconds in this country. City Year volunteers are helping to keep Chicago students in school and on the road to success.  When asked to share the impact of the City Year corps members on their classroom, teachers recently said:       All of my students who are being tutored are more      interested in reading. They are more confident in themselves      as striving learners.  It works and it works in both directions. The students are better off; so are the volunteers.  This week we are considering a bill that will dramatically expand national service programs, giving more Americans the chance to serve their country. I thank Senator Mikulski for leading us in this effort, bringing this to the floor. The original cosponsors of the bill, of course, were Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator Orrin Hatch. I joined a long list of Democrats and Republicans as cosponsors as well. Both Senators Kennedy and Hatch have a long personal commitment to service, and this bill is a testament to their public legacy. Senator Mikulski is bringing this to the floor in Senator Kennedy's absence. I know she will handle this bill well. She always does.  The Serve America Act will triple the number of national service participants to 250,000 participants within 8 years. Along with this dramatic expansion, the bill will also create new corps within AmeriCorps, focused on areas of national need that include education, the environment, health care, economic opportunity, and helping our veterans.  We are expanding opportunities to serve for Americans in every stage in life. Middle and high school students will be encouraged to participate in service projects during the summer and after school. By serving their communities early in life, these students will be put on a path to a lifetime habit of service.  For working Americans who cannot commit to full-time service, the bill provides funding to community organizations for recruiting and managing part-time volunteers; retirees will be given new opportunities to serve through the Senior Corps, as it exists, and through new initiatives. The bill also increases the education award for the first time since its creation. A lot of the people in the AmeriCorps projects, for example, at the end of their service, earn credits they can use to go on to pursue higher education.  The education award in this bill will be raised to the Pell grant level, which will make it easier for college students with significant student loan debt to consider national service--and the award will be transferable, so that older volunteers can actually transfer the education award to their children or grandchildren. What a great gift to give to your family.  There is a story Senator Kennedy often tells about national service. On the fifth anniversary of the Peace Corps so many years ago, Ted Kennedy asked a young volunteer why he decided to sign up, and the answer was simple. He said: ``It was the first time someone asked me to do something for my country.''  With the Serve America Act we are asking again. We are asking Americans of all ages to give back to their communities and to America. Each American has the power to make a small difference in the success of a child or the health of the environment or the lives of hungry neighbors. All those small differences, repeated over and over, can add up to something truly powerful.  Passage of this bill is a priority of our new President and should be a priority for every Member of the Senate. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  