President, for those who are following the action of the Senate, the debate over the budget resolution, this is an annual event that involves planning ahead for our spending for the next fiscal year, which starts October 1, and beyond. Presidents come forward and suggest whatthey would like to see us do with the submission of the budget. Then it is up to the Congress to decide, within the confines of the President's budget request, what to do with the money--how to raise it, how to spend it. Naturally, it is a contentious process because there are a lot of different opinions on where money should be spent--how much should be given to this agency or how much should be in tax cuts.  President Obama came to this assignment with a very difficult set of circumstances--the worst economy in 75 years; a nation in recession; the need for us to put money into the economy to create and save jobs, good-paying jobs right here in America, which he did with his Recovery and Reinvestment Act; and then the question about what will our priorities be as a nation as we try to bring ourselves out of this recession and plan ahead.  This week, the Senate is going to vote on its version of the budget resolution for the fiscal year 2010, starting October 1, 2009. We are going to make fundamental decisions about what our economy and the prosperity of our country will be. Of course, those decisions will impact the direction of our Nation, not only next year but beyond.  We need to face facts. This is the hardest budget we have faced in a long time. Because of the deficit which the President inherited from President Bush--the largest in history--we are trying our best to spend our money wisely but not make the debt any worse in the long term. We have taken an important step with the economic recovery package, but there is a lot more we have to do to put the economy back on track.  Now we need to pass a budget that is smart and fair and responsible, one that helps our economy work again and invest in things that will pay off over the long run. The Senate budget resolution reported by Chairman Kent Conrad of North Dakota would allow us to do that. I certainly do not agree with all of the specifics in his budget resolution. I would write it differently. Every Member of the Senate can say that. But when I look, on balance, I believe this budget resolution really addresses the realities of what we face and the challenge of what lies ahead. It restores fairness for middle-class families, working families across America, it reestablishes responsibility in the budgeting process, and it makes some smart investments in America's future.  The Budget Committee followed the principles laid out in President Obama's proposal to Congress. It sets a path to regain balance that our country once enjoyed--careful investments in our future while creating opportunity for working families who have lost a lot of ground over the last 10 years. It provides the flexibility to authorizing committees to tackle our toughest challenges, and it starts to repair years of neglect and make critical investments in health care, education, energy.  Let's speak to the health care issue for a moment. Our Nation spends more than any other industrialized nation on health care. Yet the United States is the only industrialized nation that does not offer health care coverage to all of its citizens. We can't just throw money at this problem and hope everybody gets good health care. Instead, the President's budget identified specific changes in the current system to improve efficiency. The savings from those changes would then be applied to Congress's efforts at reforming health care. That is smart, it is fair, and it is responsible.  To implement the President's request, the Senate budget resolution includes a deficit-neutral reserve fund that allows the committees here in the Senate to take on the challenge of health care reform. We need to spend our health care dollars more sensibly, and we need to provide quality health care for all Americans.  Let me tell you about one program that kind of tells the story about the debate we have been engaged in over the last several years. President Obama has said we need to take a closer look at the Medicare Advantage program. He said it is time for us to end excessive payments to private insurance companies that administer that program.  From the beginning, Medicare Advantage was sold to Members of Congress as the private sector alternative to Medicare which will prove, as they argued, that if you let the private insurance companies do the Medicare Program, they are going to save the Government money. Those who argued for it started with the premise that when the Government bureaucrats get their hands on it, they are going to make a mess of it, it will cost too much, have too much redtape, and at the end of the day, if you just left it to the market forces and the private sector, you would come out with a much better and cheaper result. Taxpayers would save money if you took away the Government program and replaced it with a private sector program. That was the premise behind Medicare Advantage.  It was a good theory: The competition among private insurance companies would bring down the costs of traditional Medicare. But it turns out to be wrong. Congress passed legislation in 2003 and agreed to pay for-profit insurance companies 12 percent more per beneficiary than regular Medicare would spend to cover the same people. So the premise that private insurance companies would save us money was defeated from the beginning. We started off subsidizing private insurance companies to offer as much coverage as Medicare offered.  We gave them a 12-percent subsidy to prove that the free market works. Today, research from the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, our official experts on Medicare payments, showed that Government pays private fee-for-service programs 119 percent of the average cost for beneficiaries in traditional Medicare.  If they were setting out to prove that they could do the job of Medicare with competition and private insurance cheaper, they failed, failed by 19 percent. What is it costing us? Last year, a report from the Congressional Budget Office said payments to private health plans in Medicare Advantage rose from $40 billion in 2004 to $56 billion in 2006, $75 billion in 2007.  Federal payments to these private insurance companies are expected to reach $194 billion by 2017. So for 10 years, from 2007 to 2017, the Federal Government is on the hook for $1.5 trillion in an experiment that was supposed to save us money. The share of Medicare spending for Medicare Advantage Plans will increase from 17 percent in 2006 to 27 percent in 2017.  So they end up proving, year after year, that they can reach into and grab more and more Medicare beneficiaries, lure them into private plans that cost the taxpayers more money, when they were supposed to be proving they could save us money.  Insurers claim they are paid more because they offer more than Government-sponsored Medicare. It is true that many plans do offer things that the original Medicare plan did not offer. But in a report issued last year, the Government Accountability Office noted that only a small share of the money that the Government will pay Medicare Advantage Plans over the next 4 years goes to extra benefits; only 11 percent.  It turns out there is much more in profitability and in offering services that do not benefit Medicare beneficiaries. Most of the rest of it goes to out-of-pocket spending, reducing out-of-pocket spending and copays.  Sounds good until you realize that to pay for this reduction, we are now charging higher premiums for the 35 million Medicare beneficiaries who enrolled in traditional Medicare. Follow it? Private companies that are going to show they can run rings around traditional Medicare, offer the same benefits at a lower cost, it turns out, were wrong, and we are paying 19 percent more for private insurance companies to offer Medicare Programs than if traditional Medicare offered it, and the 19 percent is being paid by the seniors in traditional Medicare. They are paying for the subsidy for the private insurance companies.  Each beneficiary enrolled in traditional Medicare sees their premiums increase $3 a month to pay for the reductions in out-of-pocket spending for beneficiaries enrolled in Medicare Advantage. Worse, we do not even know if this program is working. In 2007, CBO Director Peter Orszag, now head of OMB, pointed out in testimony before the Senate Finance Committee that little information is available on the degree to which plans generate better health outcomes than traditional Medicare.  Now, you want to know why and how we are wasting money? Here is one good example. If we are going to bring down the cost of care and maintain its quality, we cannot afford subsidizing private insurance companies that charge us more than traditional Medicare and cannot prove that the outcomes are any better.  The President's budget proposes to cut Federal payments to insurers that run plans by requiring them to competitively bid to offer coverage in a given geographic area. Insurers will be paid according to the average of the bids. If they are as good as they say they are, let's have them compete.  This process will save us $177 billion over 10 years. It is a sacred cow. I recall an alderman from Chicago, a friend of mine, a Hispanic alderman, called me and said: Senator, I have to see you. I just have to see you.  I said: OK. We will set it up. I said: I am coming out of meeting over here in a hotel. If you can meet me in the lobby, I would be glad to talk.  And he did. We sat down and he said: Senator, you just have to save the Medicare Advantage program.  I said to my friend, the alderman: Why in the world did you come to lobby me on this?  Well, he said, it turns out, one of the major insurance companies called me and said that my people liked this plan. And they gave me the names of some people who liked this plan.  I said to the alderman: Do you know this plan costs more than traditional Medicare and your people are not getting anything more for it?  No, I did not know that, he said.  But they went to the lengths, the insurance company, of sending this alderman in, a nice fellow, trying to do the right thing for people he represents, trying to sell an idea that, frankly, costs the Federal Government more money.  That is how you get into the mess we are in with health care in America today. This $177 billion we could save by taking an honest look at Medicare Advantage we can use to expand health insurance protection to the 48 million uninsured people in this country. We can expand and build community health centers. God bless them. These are people who do great work in primary care all across America.  I tell you, I visit these centers, clinics, all across Chicago. Erie Health Clinic is one of my favorites, Alivio Health Clinic. I walk in there and I say to these doctors, face to face, eye to eye: If I were sick, I would be happy to walk through the door of your clinic and have your doctors and nurses see me. They are fine, quality care. And many of the people whom they serve are poor people, uninsured people, folks who have no coverage, no insurance. They are doing great work, and we need to have more of them providing primary care, keeping people out of emergency rooms.  The money we have spent and we have been spending to subsidize Medicare Advantage is money that is wasted, money that, in fact, goes to private health insurance companies. Well, President Obama said: The free ride is over. If you cannot compete and get your prices down to a reasonable level, we are going to stop this subsidy. You set out to prove to us how good the private sector was and how good the free market worked and then you are demanding a subsidy of the Government to keep offering your Medicare Advantage program.  I have a friend of mine, Doug Mayol in Springfield, IL, who knows too well the difficulty this economy can create for someone on their health care. I have a picture of Doug here. I want him to be seen on C-SPAN back in Springfield, IL, or wherever he is watching.  Doug, since 1988, has operated a small business in downtown Springfield selling cards, gifts, knickknacks. And as you can imagine, a self-insured businessman, his profits, many times, are at the mercy of the rising costs of health care. He is fortunate that his only employee in his little shop is over 65 years of age and qualifies for Medicare and also receives spousal benefits from her late husband. If that were not the situation, Doug does not think he could help her pay for her health insurance.  In terms of his own insurance, Douglas has a challenge. Doug has a preexisting condition and fears the possibility of becoming uninsured. Some 30 years ago, Doug was diagnosed with a congenital heart valve defect. He has no symptoms, but without regular health care, he is at the risk of developing a serious problem.  Like most Americans, his health care premiums have risen over the years. But recently it has been shocking. In 2001, Doug paid $200 a month for health insurance. By 2005, it had doubled to $400 a month. When Doug turned 50 years of age in 2006, the monthly rate went up to $750 a month for his health insurance. He tried to work within the system. He chose a smaller network of providers and a higher deductible and brought the monthly premium down from $750 to $650.  Unfortunately, last year, that premium for this small business owner in Springfield, IL, went to $1,037 a month. Only by taking the highest deductible allowed, $2,500, was he able to bring it down to $888 a month. He knows and we know the numbers are going to keep going up.  Because of his high deductible, Doug thought he should open a health savings account, but he could not set aside the $200 a month on top of the $888 premium every month, found it impossible to do.  You know what. He is not a sick person or costly patient. With his high deductible, the insurance does not even pay out, as Doug has never made a claim for an illness or injury except for routine primary care. Yet more affordable insurance carriers reject him because of his preexisting condition, the possibility of high expenditures in the future for things such as surgery.  This condition, or burden you can say, severely limits his choices when it comes to insurance. But he cannot afford not to have health insurance either. With his heart condition, antibiotics are needed before undergoing even a visit to the dentist. Although he should see a cardiologist periodically, Doug avoids it. He fears it would add another red flag to his already tainted medical record in the eyes of the insurance companies.  What kind of system are we operating in America that even those with coverage are delaying care because it costs and the way insurance is structured? Americans need peace of mind of knowing that health insurance companies will not be able to pick and choose whom they cover. We deserve the highest quality care our country has to offer, and President Obama has made a commitment to reach that goal.  This budget resolution lays the foundation for making that commitment a reality. Doug is living his American dream. He has his own business. Having health insurance should not destroy that dream. Doug should not be forced to choose between keeping the shop doors open and paying his insurance premium.  The budget resolution also offers a promising vision for education in America, closely following the President's proposals. The budget fully funds the President's request for a smart, fair, responsible investment in education and training and improves chances to learn.  First, the budget dramatically expands access to quality early childhood education programs. I listened on the floor while Republicans came and criticized the Senate budget resolution for spending too much money.  The major investment and expenditures in this resolution, in terms of new expenditures, are three. We put more money into veterans care because a lot of soldiers are coming back hurt; they need help. They need to have the clinics and hospitals and medical professionals that we promised them we would give them. We put the money in this budget resolution to keep that promise.  The second thing we do is pay for the census. This comes up every 10 years. We have to prepare for it. We cannot escape it. It is required. Let's do it right. We are doing what others have done in the past. That is one of the new areas of spending.  Third is education. This budget dramatically expands access to quality early childhood education. I believe and think most parents understand that the earlier you start teaching a child, the better chance that child has in school or to succeed. Unfortunately, a lot of kids come to kindergarten well behind the other kids in the class. This is especially true for kids from homes where families struggle economically.  That is why early childhood education programs such as Head Start can make a big difference. After a year or two in a preschool setting, these kids start kindergarten ready to learn. If you listen to the stories from Head Start teachers, you will understand how important these programs can be. I do not have a chart here, but I will tell you that Vamyah is a child in Chicago who began in a class taught by Ms. Hardy, as a tearful, timid little girl.  After 2 years in Head Start, Vamyah is singing and playing with the other kids and even attempting to write her name at the writing table. She has progressed so far, she is now helping other kids write letters, numbers, and puzzles. Ms. Hardy reports that when Vamyah goes to kindergarten in the fall, she is going to be missed. But she has a better future ahead of her because of the experience she has had at Head Start.  This budget will give other kids the opportunity to grow and learn before even entering school. Once they begin their schooling, the budget asks us to invest in teachers and innovative programs so all children can succeed in the classroom. We improve student assessments, teacher training, principal preparation, and programs that reward strong teacher performance.  These are initiatives we want to see in our kid's schools and every school. The budget will help us build the education system to compete in the challenging 21st century. Once these kids move on to higher education, the budget would help them afford the high cost of tuition by raising the maximum Pell grant award and streamlining student loan programs.  The cost of college keeps going up. Everyone knows it. This morning, NPR reported that record numbers of kids are enrolled in community colleges. It is the affordable alternative. But as the costs go up, we have to give a helping hand because otherwise these kids will end up with a mountain of debt, pushing them into jobs they may not aspire to.  If a young person wants to be a teacher, we ought to give them a helping hand. Making the Pell grant larger each year will reduce the ultimate debt they face. Financial aid has not kept up with costs. Some 30 years ago, a Pell grant covered 77 percent of public college costs. Now it covers less than half that amount. To fill in the gap, more students have taken out student loans to afford college.  In the early 1990s, fewer than one-third of college graduates had loan debt. Now that number has doubled, more than doubled, to 70 percent, to an average of $20,000 debt per student. This budget increases Pell grants to $5,550.  It currently helps 7 million American kids stay in college.  One of the students who will be helped is Kendra Walker at Southern Illinois University in Edwardsville. She grew up in St. Louis and had a difficult childhood. She and her brother were raised by a single mom who was a crack addict for 12 years. Kendra had to grow up pretty fast, taking care of a little brother and often taking care of her mom. Her mom eventually went to rehab, but things were still pretty tough at home. Kendra worked all through high school to pay the bills and buy groceries when the family needed them. Even as she struggled, she thought: I can do better in my life. She knew her future had to include college. She worked hard in school. She was on the honor roll and graduated fourth in her class from high school. She believed her hard work had paid off when she was accepted at Howard University.  Then reality set in and Kendra knew she would not be able to go because she just didn't have the money. Instead, she started college at St. Louis Community College with plans to transfer to a university.  When her mother passed away suddenly in July of 2007, she had to redouble her efforts. She enrolled at SIU Edwardsville and moved into student housing. Today she is a junior studying criminal justice and political science. She is still struggling to pay the cost of her education, and she has nobody to help her.  As Kendra says: It is just me and the Financial Aid Office.  She has Pell grants, work-study funds, a few scholarships, and too many student loans. It is becoming harder for Kendra to make ends meet. Paying the bills and keeping food on the table is pretty tough. She almost didn't start school because her Pell grant didn't cover all the cost. She was forced to take out even more student loans. She worries about the debt she is piling up, but she knows to quit now without a bachelor's degree is to end up with debt and no diploma. When she graduates next year, Kendra plans to become a probation officer for teenagers so she can help them turn their lives around. She also dreams of attending graduate school, maybe someday going to law school and becoming a defense attorney. What a remarkable young lady.  Look at what she has been through at this point in her life. If a budget talks about a nation's values, this budget shows that we care about students like Kendra. Our budget reflects it.  In her words:       Without federal financial aid I would just be another      statistic. With the help of programs like the Pell Grant, me      and others like me can obtain our goals and have bright      futures.  We need to help people such as Kendra achieve their college dreams by increasing help through the Pell grant. This budget will do that.  The Republicans come and criticize it: Why are we spending more money? It is another one of those overspending budgets.  We are spending more money to provide more Pell grants so Kendra Walker can finish college, get a job, and contribute back to society. Is that a good investment? I think it is one of the best.  This budget also provides a downpayment on weaning America from foreign energy sources. We know we have to cut back on foreign energy that generates greenhouse gases and makes us dependent on foreign countries. This budget proposes we spend less money heating and cooling with old, inefficient systems in Federal buildings and more money developing smarter ways to use power. It proposes we spend less burning conventional fuels and more money developing cleaner energy sources.  If this budget had already passed and this funding was already available, Lee Celske of Alito, IL, might have been able to put a small portion of that funding to good use.  In this budget, Lee Celske can be helped. Lee is an interesting and entrepreneurial fellow. He has figured out how to create greenhouses out of recycled glass. They can be framed for $30,000, quick to assemble, and a good option for communities. They are energy efficient, can withstand a category 5 hurricane. The factory that makes the houses would employ 30 high-tech, high-paying green-collar workers.  Over the past 14 months, Lee has presold nearly $2 million worth of houses, relying on loan guarantees from the bank that would underwrite the factory once sufficient sales were in place. But then the bank pulled the financing. Lee hasn't done anything wrong. His small company is ahead of schedule on growth targets, and it will create good jobs. Yet his progress has been stopped cold by the freeze in the credit markets. This budget will help finance entrepreneurs such as Lee in Alito, IL.  It contains a deficit-neutral reserve fund to advance the President's goal of expanding renewable energy use, ensuring 10 percent of our electricity comes from renewable sources by 2012 and 25 percent by 2025. There is also money in this budget to green Federal buildings.  Three weeks ago I was a visitor to what was then the Sears Tower, the tallest office building in America. It is now the Willis Tower. I was shown a demonstration where they are about to take this 35-year-old building and make it energy efficient. It starts with replacing 16,000 single-pane windows, energy-inefficient windows, with triple-paned windows, putting in new brackets to sustain the new weight on the building, changing the heating and air-conditioning system, generating electricity with the over 130 elevators that move up and down the old Sears Tower, now the Willis Tower. They will make this investment.  We need to look at our Federal buildings the same way and realize that sticking with old energy-inefficientbuildings is draining money from taxpayers' pockets. Money spent now creating good jobs, making these buildings energy efficient is money well invested. It will reduce the cost in the future of these buildings. Weatherization of homes and office buildings is a critical part of the energy agenda. Mr. President, 60 percent--some say 40 percent, but whatever it is--is a substantial portion of the pollution. It comes from buildings we live in, and we can reduce that pollution if we start dealing with these energy issues honestly.  I listened to the debate on the Senate floor as my colleagues on the Republican side criticized this budget. I will say, in their defense, that writing a budget is not easy. It is hard. There were years when we were in the loyal opposition and couldn't do it, couldn't write it. It diminished our ability to criticize because, frankly, we couldn't put a budget on the table. We just couldn't do it.  Well, the Republicans can't do it this year. They can't produce a budget. They certainly can't produce one to meet the goals they say they want in this budget. So there they stand, emptyhanded, criticizing our work effort, our budget resolution. It does detract from their credibility, if they can't produce their own budget. As I have said, it is hard. There have been times in the past where we in the loyal opposition couldn't.  I encourage colleagues to take a close look at this budget. It makes smart investments in the future. It is fair, particularly to working families. It is responsible. We put on line the actual cost of two wars which the previous President wouldn't even put in his regular budget. We are going to let the American people know what they cost and make sure we make allotments and allocations for them.  I hope when this comes up for a final vote, we can have the support of a sufficient number to pass this budget resolution and move America forward again.  I yield the floor.  