We have heard from the Republican side of the aisle for as long as this debate has gone on about their resistance and opposition to the idea of so-called government-run health care.  I have yet to hear the first Republican Senator come to the floor and suggest we eliminate Medicare, which is a government-run health care program which some 40 million Americans use every day to protect themselves when they need health insurance; nor have they suggested eliminating Medicaid, which involves health insurance for the poorest in America. Some 40 million to 50 million Americans are covered by Medicaid. They have not suggested eliminating veterans health care, another government health care program which helps millions of those who served our country; nor have they suggested eliminating the Children's Health Insurance Program, a creation of the Federal Government, so that literally millions of children across America have this kind of protection and the parents have peace of mind.  By my estimation, more than a third of the people in America have protection from government health insurance. Although our friends on the Republican side are critical of government health insurance, they do not want to eliminate any part of it, but they are arguing that basically Americans do not like it.  The polls say otherwise. When you ask the American people, throughout this debate, they say: We are generally confused, but we do know one thing; that is, if we have a chance to get Medicare for everybody, two out of three would like to see that. That is a government health program that two out of three Americans would like.  Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic majority leader, prepared a bill with a public option with an opt-out provision. I ask the Senator from Rhode Island what the opt-out provision will mean for those political leaders or people or legislatures or Governors in the States who might come to the same conclusion as our Republicans here, that they are opposed to any form of a public option that might involve the government.  