The chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee, Senator Robert C. Byrd, is home from the hospital and is improving daily and is eager to return to the Senate as soon as he can.  He has been in regular consultations with his staff in the development of the bill that was approved by the Appropriations Committee on June 18 by a vote of 30-0. This is a bipartisan bill. I thank the ranking member on the Appropriations Committee, Senator Thad Cochran, and the ranking member on the subcommittee, Senator George Voinovich, for their cooperation in the development of the bill. I also thank the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Daniel K. Inouye, for his support.  The establishment of the Department of Homeland Security after the devastating events of September 11, 2001, was one of the most ambitious Federal reorganizations since the Department of Defense was created following World War II. Regrettably, it was the official position of the Bush administration that the Department could be created at no cost to the taxpayer. This translated into a Department with aging assets, an inability to prepare for and respond to natural disasters and future threats, and significant management and employee morale problems.  In response, Congress, on a bipartisan basis, increased homeland security spending by an average of $2 billion per year above the President's request. These increases were invested in border security, chemical security, port security, transit security, aviation security, and cyber security. Congress also ensured State and local partners in homeland security received adequate resources to equip and train our first responders. These investments have paid off, making our Nation more secure and making us better prepared for any disaster. But we have much more work to do.  The committee-reported bill totals $42.9 billion of discretionary budget authority, an increase of 7 percent over fiscal year 2009.  Chairman Byrd has set five major goals for the bill: No. 1, securing our borders and enforcing our immigration laws; No. 2, protecting the American people from terrorist threats and other vulnerabilities; No. 3, preparing and responding to all hazards, including natural disasters; No. 4, supporting our State, local, tribal and private sector partners in homeland security with resources and information; and finally, giving the Department the management tools it needs to succeed.  To meet these goals, the bill provides $10.2 billion for Customs and Border Protection, including an initiative to combat drugs and violence on the Southwest border; $5.4 billion for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, including increased funds for the Southwest border initiative, and the Secure Communities and Criminal Alien Programs, which identify dangerous criminal aliens for deportation when they are released from prison.  It includes $7.7 billion for the Transportation Security Administration, including a $513 million increase for thepurchase and installation of explosives detection systems at airports. And funding is included for 50 additional air cargo inspectors to help meet the August 2010 mandate in the 9/11 act for 100 percent air cargo screening.  The bill also provides $143 million for surface transportation, including 100 additional inspectors and 15 additional security teams to improve security on our transit and rail systems, and $8.9 billion for the Coast Guard, including funding to complete national security cutter No. four and provide long lead materials for NSC No. five.  The bill also funds 4 fast response cutters, 2 maritime patrol aircraft, 40 medium-sized response boats, and includes funding for interagency operations centers, which are required by the Safe Port Act. And $4.2 billion is provided for first responder grants, including $800 million for fire grants, $887 million for urban area security grants, $950 million for State homeland security grants, with $350 million for emergency management performance grants.  Port security grants receive $350 million and transit/railroad/bus grants receive $356 million.  The bill also includes $399 million to combat the evolving cyber security threat.  Since its inception, the Department has had significant management problems.  The committee bill includes funding increases and clear direction to strengthen financial, procurement, and information technology systems at the Department of Homeland Security.  This is a good bill. By focusing on the five goals that Chairman Byrd established for this bill, we provide the resources and the information necessary to build confidence in our ability to secure the homeland. I urge adoption of the bill.  I yield the floor to the ranking Republican on this appropriations subcommittee, Senator Voinovich of Ohio.  