Sadly, this is a crisis which is affecting every community in America. I have seen it in the streets of Chicago. I have seen it in suburban towns. I have seen it in my downstate communities.  Madam President, 8.1 million homes are facing foreclosure in America today. That isn't my estimate, it is the estimate of Moody's. They are supposed to be good predictors of our economy. What does 8.1 million foreclosed homes represent? One out of every six home mortgages in America in foreclosure--one out of every six. It is a reality. It is a reality that affects the five out of six, our homes where we continue to make our mortgage payments and wonder what the problem is. Why is the value of my home going down? I am making the payments. It is going down because, sadly, somewhere on your block is another home in foreclosure, boarded up, an eyesore at best, a haven for criminal activity at worst--a reality that continues to grow.  Two years ago, before we even started in on this crisis as we know it, I proposed a change in the bankruptcy law, a change which I think could have forestalled this crisis we know today. Along the way, there has been resistance to this change. By whom? The banks that brought us this crisis in America have resisted this change to do something about mortgage foreclosure. That is a fact.  Last year, I offered this amendment to change the bankruptcy law, and the banking community said: Totally unnecessary; we don't need this kind of a change. This mortgage foreclosure is not going to be all that bad.  In fact, the estimates were of only 2 million homes in foreclosure last year from our friends in the banking community, the so-called experts. Here we are a year later. The estimate is now up to 8 million homes in foreclosure.  Who are these people facing foreclosure? Were they speculators and investors who were buying up properties and they thought that maybe they would double in value and they could quickly sell them? There may be a handful of those folks out there. By and large, they are families--families who are trying to keep it together,under a roof, the most important asset they own, their home, trying to make payments when they discovered that the mortgage that was peddled to them by the same banking industry and mortgage banking industry turned out to be a fraud on its face.  We remember the heyday of all this activity. They would tell people: Come on in. Call this 800 number. We can let you finance and refinance. We have a deal for you.  People would show up at these mortgage brokers, and they would say: How much money do you make?  The guy would say: So many thousand dollars.  They would say: Oh, you are perfect. We have just the mortgage that will put you in this home, keep you in this home, or let you borrow money on this home.  The person would say: Do you need some proof? Do you need some documentation?  No, no, no, your word is good enough. No-doc mortgages.  In no time at all, they would be sitting at a closing. I have been to quite a few of them myself as a lawyer and buying a few properties in my own life. They give them a stack of papers--you know what I am talking about, a stack of papers--and they would turn the corners and say: Just keep signing it. Sign it.  What is it?  Oh, government forms, standard boilerplate. I could read it to you, but we want to get out of here in the next half hour. Keep signing, you keep signing.  At the end of the day, they say: In 60 days, first payment. You are going to love this place.  Out the door, and in comes another couple. That is what it was all about.  Then what happened 12 months later, 2 years later? That mystery mortgage kind of exploded in their face. All of a sudden, they were facing terms in that mortgage that were absolutely incomprehensible and unsustainable. They could not make the payments on it. The interest rates were going up too high. They called them subprime mortgages. That was the initial onslaught of this housing crisis in America. But then it grew into a lot of other mortgages too.  I told the story before--and it is worth repeating--of the flight attendant I met on a United flight flying from Washington to Chicago. After she did her chores on the plane and there was a quiet moment, she came and knelt down in the aisle next to me.  Senator, I have a problem. I am a single mom with three kids. I live out in the suburbs. I have worked for this airline for 20 years. I have been a good employee, always show up for work. I take it seriously. I have my little home out there, but I have a problem. My interest rate on my mortgage is too high. I need to take advantage of lower interest rates that are now available. If I can get down to a lower interest rate, a lower monthly payment, I can keep my home. But if I don't, I am going to lose it. I can't make ends meet. I can't keep it together. What am I supposed to do? They say I am underwater?  Do you know what that means? The value of your home is less than the mortgage principal today. It has happened to a lot of people.  Do you know what I told her: Sadly, I don't have an answer for you. If that bank will not bring you in, sit you down at a desk, and renegotiate the terms of that mortgage, you are about to go through the most painful, torturous path in your life. You are forced into default on your mortgage, you cannot make the payments, you become delinquent, receive the notice of foreclosure, and then it just goes from bad to worse.  Madam President, 8 million American stories, 8 million foreclosures. What we are offering today is the only proposal before the Senate which gives us a chance to do something about this crisis. It is the only thing that can change the dynamic which continues to eat at the heart of our economy which adds foreclosure upon foreclosure and completely paralyzes the housing industry in America. That is at the heart of this recession. That was the canary in the coal mine. That is what triggered where we are today, and it is still there and getting worse.  I sat down 2 years ago with the banking industry and said to them: We have to do something.  I can recall conversations with Henry Paulson from Wall Street, Secretary of the Treasury under President George W. Bush, where I said to Mr. Paulson: I know you wanted to save the banks, but how about saving the homeowners? What are we going to do about the mortgage foreclosure? Well, we will get to that later; or, it is not a problem. He kept putting me off and putting me off. He put me off, but he didn't put off the crisis.  Why is it in this country, in America, that we can find hundreds of billions of taxpayers' dollars from hard-working people all over the United States to come to the rescue of bad banking decisions, rotten investments, mortgages that were fraudulent on their face, but can't summon the political will to do something about 8 million families in America who are going to face foreclosure? That is where we are.  When I sat down with the banks, I said: I will work with you. Let us find a reasonable way so we can bring people to the table--such as that flight attendant--and find a way to work it through. Because at the end of the day, a foreclosure isn't good for anyone. A family loses their home, a neighborhood is ravaged by vacant property, the people next door lose the value of their home, the bank spends $50,000, at a minimum, for expenses in a foreclosure, and then 99 percent of these boarded-up buildings, these foreclosed homes, are the property of a bank. How much time is that bank spending on that property? How much worry do they have about the value of the neighbor's home? The answer is none. Banks aren't in the business of putting in windows and establishing security and cutting the grass and making the property look good. They move money around. But now they are becoming property owners of the most blighted properties in America.  Some banks are walking away from it, incidentally. The banks are walking away from the foreclosed property. I sat down with them and said: How can this be good for a bank? How can this be good for a family? How can this be good for the Nation? Let's sit down and work together. But I come today to the floor to tell you that despite months and months of heroic effort by my staff--Brad McConnell, who is here and who has worked tirelessly on this issue--and my own efforts to reach out to the banking community, only one bank is supporting this amendment to do something about foreclosure in America--one bank: Citigroup.  I can't tell you how many of these bankers have walked away. The American Bankers Association has been terrible--terrible. They will not even participate in a negotiation on dealing with this foreclosure crisis. The Community Bankers of America, a group I have respected over the years because they are closer to the people; they are the hometown banks--have walked away as well. They are not interested in this conversation, they say. The credit unions? Well, I will give them some credit. They did try. But in the end, they walked away as well. The big banks--JPMorgan Chase, you see them all over the United States--they were at the table until last week and then decided: No, we are going to walk away too. We are not interested in this conversation. Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and the list goes on and on.  If any of these names sound familiar, it is because they are surviving today due to taxpayer dollars. And you know what they say about these poor people who have lost their homes? It was a bad business judgment and people have to pay for their bad business judgments. Really? How many of these bankers paid for their bad business judgments, with their multimillion dollar bonuses, with the rescues we have provided from American taxpayers--hard-earned tax dollars sent their way? The fact is we have been kind to these bankers who have brought us into this crisis. Yet they are literally shunning and stiff-arming the people who are facing foreclosure. These banks that are too big to fail say that 8 million Americans facing foreclosure are too little to count in our political process, and they have walked out the door.  Well, I want to tell you, this amendment I am offering can save the homes of 1.7 million families. I wish we could save more, but the fact is we have this opportunity before us, and I think it is something we shouldn't ignore and weshould support. Some Members of the Senate voted against my amendment a year ago. I understand that. I heard them. They said: You have to sit with the banks and see if you can work something out. Well, we did, until they walked away.  What we offer today is significantly different than what we offered a year ago. We literally give to the banks control over whether a family in foreclosure can go into bankruptcy. We say that anybody facing foreclosure--who is delinquent for at least 60 days on a home that is valued at no more than $729,000, with a mortgage that was written no later than 2008--has to show up at the bank at least 45 days before they file bankruptcy and present all the economic information, all the financial documents the bank would need for a mortgage--proof of income, indication of net worth. If the bank at that point offers them a renegotiated mortgage--a mortgage which will basically allow them to stay in the home, that reduces the borrower's mortgage debt-to-income ratio to 31 percent, which is the standard the administration is talking about, or offers hope for home refinancing--another program--and the person facing foreclosure does not take that offer, then that same family in foreclosure cannot use the bankruptcy court to rewrite the mortgage. So in other words, the banks ultimately have the key to the courthouse. If they make the offer and it is turned down, that is the end of the story.  What happens if they do not make the offer? Under this law, we would change the Bankruptcy Code as follows: Under the current bankruptcy law, if you are deep in debt and facing foreclosure, and you own several pieces of real estate--your home, a vacation condo in Florida, a vacation condo in Aspen, CO, and you are facing foreclosure on all three properties because of economic problems--you can walk into that bankruptcy court and the judge can say we will renegotiate the terms of the mortgage on the Aspen, CO, property--we will reduce the principal of the mortgage to the fair market value, the interest rate will be the current interest rate, we will add a little to it, and so forth and so on. The bankruptcy judge has that power for the Florida property and for the Colorado property. But the law prohibits the bankruptcy court from rewriting the terms of the mortgage of a person's home. Why? Why does that make any sense? If the bankruptcy court can rewrite the mortgage on your vacation condos, your farm, or your ranch, why can't they do it for your home? That is what this bill does. It gives the bankruptcy court that power. And in creating that power, it says to the bankers: Get serious.  The voluntary plans we have had for refinancing mortgages in foreclosure across America have been an abject failure. We have to have an opportunity here for the bankruptcy court to step in and make a difference, and that is what we are trying to achieve with this.  I know my colleague, the Senator from California, is here on the floor, and I will yield to her in a moment. I have to leave the Chamber myself. But that is what we are proposing today. It is an amendment which we have worked on long and hard. It is an amendment which I think should be looked at in honest terms. My goal is not to put more people in bankruptcy court. My goal is to avoid it. Put them at the table with the banker at least 45 days in advance, avoid the bankruptcy court, avoid the foreclosure, avoid the boarded-up and burned-out building that happens to be right next door to the home you have worked so hard to keep and to maintain.  The Mortgage Bankers Association has claimed, in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee, that this is going to add cost to everybody's mortgage if in fact some people can turn to bankruptcy court. Let me first say that future borrowers aren't even eligible for this bankruptcy assistance. It ends as of January 1, 2009. Future mortgages, future foreclosures aren't even affected by it. It has an ending date.  We also have a quote--and I don't have time to read in detail here--from Adam Levitin, who has analyzed this and says the argument that interest rates will go up because of this provision is plain wrong.  Secondly, they argue that changing the Bankruptcy Code will cause uncertainty in the market. The American Bankers Association says it will add risk. I will tell you this: If you want uncertainty in the market, keep the foreclosures coming, one after another. Let them hit your neighborhood. Uncertainty about your home and its value and whether you can sell it is the reality of what they will face.  They say bankruptcy judges shouldn't be allowed to break the sanctity of the contract. Before we argue about the sanctity of a no-doc mortgage, before we argue about some of the predatory lending practices that led to this mess, let me tell you that the bankruptcy court takes on contracts every single day. That is the nature of the bankruptcy court. To me, that is an argument which goes nowhere.  They argue that allowing borrowers to modify mortgages in bankruptcy would shield them from the consequences of poor decisions. They call it the ``moral hazard.'' In other words, take your medicine, America. You made a bad mortgage, you pay the price. That didn't apply when it came to bailing out these banks when we were asked for $700 billion to make up for the mistakes of these banks. Where is the moral hazard there, as they run off with their parachutes and their bonuses? I don't buy that argument whatsoever.  Finally, they argue that restricting this amendment to subprime and exotic loans is a better way to do it. Well, I can tell you, we know that isn't going to work. There are too many mortgages now in peril, way beyond the original subprime mortgages. And how do we explain to our constituents that we are providing special assistance to borrowers who took out a risky loan, such as a subprime, and ignoring those who have been trapped in other mortgages that create a disaster?  I am going to yield the floor to my colleague from California, and thank her for coming, and I want to tell you something: Her State has been hit harder than any other State. You ought to see what has happened in portions of California. She knows this issue personally, and I thank her, and I yield the floor to Senator Boxer.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kaufman). The Chair recognizes the Senator from California.  