COBURN. I wish to finish my statement first. I listened to the Senator's statement earlier today on the floor, so let me finish my statement.  The other thing that is concerning is we have a bill before us right now--this appropriations bill--that has no money for this in it, one, and authorizations aren't required. So $280 billion of the money we appropriate every year is not authorized. The fact there is no money in this bill for this program tells me something, that the urgency of getting a press release isn't near the urgency of the needs of our veterans. Because if we allow the normal process to happen, it will be 18 months from now before any money comes forward for this bill.  Finally, we have offered up a list of programs we think have much lower priority than our veterans' health care, and so I think of my brother, who is a veteran, and I ask myself: What did he serve for? What did he fight for? Did he fight so we could come back here and undermine the future by not making the same tough choices that are required for every family and, more importantly, not demonstrate the courage in our service that the veterans demonstrate in their service--which is putting yourself at risk to do what is best for our country? That is what they do, but we ought to be doing the same thing.  We ran a very large deficit this last year. Forty-three cents of every dollar we spent this last year was borrowed. None of the people in this room will ever pay a penny toward that debt. It will be our children and grandchildren. And the fact is we will not make the hard choices to pay for this so that tomorrow we can say, we are going to eliminate these programs so this program can go forward, and we are going to take the money that is going for these programs so this program can go forward.  What this appropriations bill does, as a matter of fact, is ask for a study from the Veterans' Administration on the need of this bill. So if this bill is certainly a priority, the funding for it should have been in this appropriations bill, and it is not. Nobody can deny it is not. So I come to the question: When will enough be enough? When will we stop playing a game on dollars and ultimately make the same hard choices and demonstrate the courage our veterans have demonstrated? I can't think of many veterans who want now what is paid on the backs of their children or grandchildren. What they want to see us do is the hard work, as they do the hard work, to put ourselves at risk by telling some people no so we can tell veterans yes. What we are doing today is we are going to tell veterans yes but we are going to tell our children no.  I can easily outline for my colleagues $300 billion--that is ``B'' for billion--of waste, fraud, and duplication in the Federal budget. They may disagree with some of that, but there is no question you could get a consensus on $3.7 billion of that. On 1 percent of it, you could get a consensus. But there is no effort made on this authorization bill to create priorities. What we hear all the time is: Well, that is not the way it works up here. Authorization bills are simply that, and it has to go through the appropriations, and you are not spending any money.  Well, if we are not spending any money on this bill, then we are not solving the problems for our veterans.And if we don't have any money for this program in this appropriations bill, we are holding out a hollow promise.  I ask my colleagues to work with us. Let's offset the price for this, demonstrate the same courage and the same level of commitment. There has been no secret on who has said we should not pass this by unanimous consent, and there has never been a time that we refused to talk to anybody about that.  My hope is the American people are listening. Sure, we do want to do the right things for our veterans, but there has to come a time when we are forced to make hard choices, and we are not seeing that. We are not seeing that in this bill, and we are not seeing it in the authorization for this veterans and caregivers omnibus bill.  With that, I yield to my colleague from Illinois, and retain the time until he has finished asking whatever question he may have.  