Several years ago the Illinois State Medical Society invited Members of Congress to spend a day with a doctor. I wasn't sure I wanted to do it because I thought doctors and patients, will this work? It didn't sound right to me, but I said: Only if each time I am about to see a patient, you tell them, watch out, there is a politician in the room. And make sure they give permission. Lo and behold, we did rounds with the doctor, and many folks in their hospital rooms were bored enough that they wanted to see not only their doctor but this trailing Congressman. I was in St. John's Hospital in Springfield, IL as we went into this woman's room. She was living by herself at home. She was suffering from vertigo and dizziness. As a consequence, she had stumbled down thestairs. She had not hurt herself too badly, but the doctor admitted her. After an examination, he said: We will have to do brain surgery. You have an imbalance caused by a brain tumor, and the operation will be on Monday. This was a Friday. So he said: I am going to want to keep her in the hospital until the brain surgery on Monday. I can't send her home. She lives alone. She will fall down again. She could hurt herself. I want to make sure she is ready for the surgery, which was very important for her.  Then he found out that the insurance company said: No, send her home, bring her back Monday morning for the brain surgery. This doctor said: That is an outrage.  I watched him as he went to the nurses' station, picks up the phone and gets into a debate with the clerk at an insurance company who is saying: Send her home. Finally, he slams down the phone, after spending 15 minutes arguing with no benefit to this clerk, and says: I don't care what they say. I am leaving her in the hospital. Either I will pay for it or we are going to fight it out later on.  Think about that for a minute. This is a medical doctor, a surgeon getting ready to prepare this woman for surgery, fighting with a clerk at an insurance company who says: Send her home. We don't want to pay for 2 extra days.  