President, today the Senate will vote on final passage of the budget resolution conference report for fiscal year 2010.  We will be voting on fundamental decisions about the shape of our economy and the prosperity of our country.  We need to face the facts--we have inherited the worst economic crisis in generations.  We took an important first step in returning our Nation to prosperity earlier this year by passing the economic recovery package.  The Obama administration continues to work hard to repair our financial system so that businesses can make payroll and families can borrow for college.  But there is much more to do to put our economy back on track, and the budget resolution conference report we are considering follows the principles President Obama laid out in his budget proposal.  This budget resolution sets a path to regain the balance our country once enjoyed--careful investments in our future, while creating opportunity for working families who have lost ground over the last decade.  It provides the flexibility the authorizing committees need to tackle our toughest challenges.  And it begins to repair years of neglect by making critical investments to recover economically--particularly in health care, education, and energy.  We need to reform our health care system fundamentally, and we need to do it this year. This budget gives the Congress the flexibility we need to get this job done.  The budget resolution includes a deficit-neutral reserve fund that will allow the Finance and HELP Committees to take on the challenge of fundamental health care reform this year.  We hope to work on a bipartisan basis to reform the system in a way that benefits all Americans--patients, providers, insurers, and the taxpayers.  But if the Republicans decide to try to obstruct these reforms, the reconciliation instructions included in this budget give us the tools we need to pass meaningful reform.  Those instructions don't take effect until October 15, and so we have several months to work together before reconciliation is even an option.  I very much hope that we don't need to use this approach. But reform can no longer wait.  The budget resolution conference report also offers a promising vision for education. First, the budget will dramatically expand access to quality early childhood education programs, including Head Start. And the budget invests in teachers and innovative programs so that all children can succeed in the classroom.  This budget will help us build the education system we need to compete in the global economy, not just today, but in the next generation.  This budget would also help families afford the high cost of tuition by raising the maximum Pell grant award and streamlining student loan programs.  The cost of college is higher than ever before. Since 2000, the average cost of tuition at public 4-year college has increased 29 percent, far outpacing inflation and increases in household income.  Financial aid hasn't kept up these costs. Thirty years ago, a Pell grant could cover 77 percent of public college costs. Now it covers just 35 percent.  The budget would increase Pell grants to $5,550, which will help the 7 million students who rely on these grants pay for college.  We can't transform our education system overnight. But we can start to provide the investments and the programs that will help to get us there soon. This budget would do just that.  This budget also starts the process of reducing our dependence on foreign energy by funding the President's request for energy funding in 2010.  This budget also lays the groundwork for cutting back on energy sources that generate greenhouse gases.  The budget proposes we spend less money burning conventional fuels and more money developing cleaner energy sources.  This budget helps us create good jobs, dramatically improve energy efficiencies, and protect the environment before climate change inflicts permanent damage.  Finally, the conference report provides for tax relief to American families at a time when that relief is much needed.  The budget provides $764 billion in tax cuts, mostly to the middle class.  The conference report provides $512 billion to extend middle-class tax cuts such as the child tax credit, marriage penalty relief, and education incentives.  It includes $214 billion for 3 years of alternative minimum tax reform.  The budget matches the President's estate tax proposal, which would permanently extend the 2009 exemption of $7 million for couples and index that for inflation.  And the resolution provides $63 billion for 2 years of ``tax extenders'' for businesses and individuals.  Preparing a budget is about making choices.  It is a moral document, one that describes what you believe in.  The conference report prepared by the Budget Committee would make critical investments in our Nation's highest priorities, at a time when America needs them most.  This budget would provide a little bit of help to hard-working families that desperately need it.  This budget would bring true, long-lasting change to America that is smart, fair, and responsible.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  