COBURN. No, I will not concede that. Because what it does is it causes us--and I enjoy debating my colleague from Illinois. Here is my point on authorization bills. We can authorize and authorize and authorize, and when we do, we are telling veterans they are going to get this. That is what we are telling them. We are communicating to every veterans organization and we are telling them we are going to do this. So if we are going to tell them we are going to do it, we ought to put in process the way to do it. And if we are saying it has to happen right now, then where is the money? Show me the money to make it happen right now.  The fact is--and I will reclaim my time--we play games, and the game we are playing is that we can authorize and send out a press release but then we are not held accountable to do what we have authorized. There are a lot of good key components in this bill. My objection is twofold: One, it discriminates against previous veterans, which I think is uncalled for; and two, we don't eliminate any of the waste in terms of authorizations so that we more focus the Appropriations Committee.  There is no question the Appropriations Committee has the power to fund money anywhere they want and they do it whether the bills are authorized or not authorized. I will be glad to give the Senator from Illinois a list of the $280 billion we spend every year that is not authorized. It is a spurious argument to state that we should not have fiscal accountability when we authorize programs. We should have and we ought to make the tough choices. The problem is, we do not do any oversight, to speak of, to cause us to know the programs that are not working that we could eliminate so we will not have duplicate funding and so we will not spend it.  The question veterans ask me is what is our priority with our money. The first priority has to be defending the country. The second priority ought to be about taking care of veterans. What we do is we have $300 billion a year in waste, fraud, and duplication on things that do not do either of those and that are extremely wasteful. Nobody with common sense would say they ought to continue. Yet we continue down the process.  I have taken more than my time and I know my colleagues are going to vote. I would tell my colleague from Illinois we have had this debate a large number of times. We have a frank disagreement about the fiscal discipline that should be required of us as Senators. The fact is, we are going to authorize a bill and we are not going to make any tough choices about anything else and we are not going to take away any options from the Appropriations Committee when it comes to funding. To me, that abrogates our responsibility to be good authorizers. I will stand by that conviction as long as I am in the Senate. We had that debate on the bridge to nowhere, which my colleague supported, which was in an authorizing bill--and multiple times.  With that, I yield the floor and I am prepared to listen to my colleague from Illinois.  