President, today I speak on the resolution honoring the valor of GEN Casimir Pulaski, a hero of the American Revolution who made the ultimate sacrifice in pursuit of American freedom. This resolution would grant honorary posthumous citizenship to General Pulaski, a long overdue tribute to a man who gave his life to the cause of American independence.  I thank Senator Lisa Murkowski, the lead Republican cosponsor of this resolution, as well as other original cosponsors, Senators Mikulski, Cardin, Whitehouse, Dodd, Brown, Burris, and Pryor.  As a young soldier, Casimir Pulaski developed a reputation as a highly skilled military tactician, whose activities to advance the cause of Polish liberty against Russian influence ultimately led to his exile from Poland. Seeking refuge, Pulaski traveled to France, where he met an American diplomat who convinced him to join the Continental Army in its struggle for independence. That diplomat was so impressed with the Polish general, that, in a letter to George Washington, he described Pulaski as an officer ``renowned throughout Europe for the courage and bravery he displayed in defense of his country's freedom.'' That diplomat's name was Ben Franklin.  Casimir Pulaski adopted the revolutionary spirit of the American colonists and came to America to fight in their quest for self-determination.  On September 11, 1777, Casimir Pulaski fought with distinction in the Battle of Brandywine. His bravery and skill in battle averted American defeat and helped save the life of George Washington. Upon Washington's recommendation, the Continental Congress promoted Pulaski to general, and appointed him General of the Cavalry. That same year, Casimir Pulaski wrote to George Washington, ``I came here, where freedom is being defended, to serve it, and to live or die for it.'' General Pulaski's letter would prove prophetic, when, during a major offensive against British forces in Savannah, GA, Pulaski was mortally wounded. He died at sea, aboard the USS Wasp, on October 11, 1779.  General Pulaski's life and death inspired his contemporaries as he inspires us today. Shortly after his death, the Continental Congress resolved to build a monument in his honor that proved to be the first of many. In 1825, General Lafayette, an honorary American citizen, laid the cornerstone for the Pulaski monument in Savannah, GA. In 1929, Congress resolved that October 11 of each year would be Pulaski Day in the United States, and several States have followed that example. There are countless schools, streets, towns, and memorials across this country that bear his name--and honor his contributions to our Nation's birth.  Today is Pulaski Day in Illinois. In 1973, my own state of Illinois designated the first Monday of March as Pulaski Commemorative Day and in 1986 declared that day to be a State holiday.  We in Illinois are privileged to have a large and vibrant Polish-American community. From Casimir Pulaski to legendary artists like Ignacy Jan Paderewski, Polish-Americans have contributed mightily to Illinois--and to our Nation. Chicago is home to the Polish American Congress, which encompasses 3,000 Polish organizations across the country, as well as the Polish Museum of America. The Polish-American community also has a large presence in the Illinois National Guard, which has enjoyed a long-standing relationship with the Polish Air Force.  I am honored to reintroduce this resolution to grant posthumous honorary citizenship to GEN Casimir Pulaski, an American general who gave his life so that our Nation could be free. This resolution passed the Senate by unanimous consent in the 110th Congress and received broad support in the House of Representatives. I hope that this year we will be able to pass this resolution in both Chambers.  I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and the valor of the man whom we seek to honor. When we think of our Nation's struggle for freedom in its infancy, we must remember GEN Casimir Pulaski and his indelible contribution to our Nation's birth.  