I, first, wish to acknowledge my friendship and respect for him. But the Medicare Advantage Program, which the Republican side is trying to protect, is a program which is private health insurance.  The largest political opponent to health care reform in America is the private health insurance industry. We estimate they have spent $23 million so far lobbying to defeat this bill because they are doing very well under the current system. They are very profitable companies, and they realize, if they face competition, limitations on the way they do business, it will cut into their bottom line and their profits, and, naturally, are fighting the bill.  The amendment before us, the motion to commit by Senator McCain--the first thing it does is to protect the Medicare Advantage Program. That is a private health insurance program that was created with the promise that it would be cheaper than traditional government-run Medicare. In some cases, they have offered a cheaper policy. But, overall, these private health insurance companies are charging the Medicare Program 14 percent more than the actual cost of the government-run system.  The promise that the private sector could do it more cheaply and better turned out not to be true. So we are paying a subsidy in profits--extra profits--to private health insurance companies. The McCain amendment, which has been supported by Senator Grassley and others who have come to the floor, is an effort to stop us from eliminating this subsidy.  What is this subsidy worth? This subsidy to private health insurance companies will cost the Medicare Program $170 billion over the next 10 years--no small amount. We believe that money is better spent on extending benefits to Medicare beneficiaries, not in providing additional profits to already profitable private health insurance companies.  Yes, Medicare Advantage policies are offering Medicare benefits, but they are charging more for it than the government. So it did not turn out to be a bargain. It turned out to be a loss to the Medicare Program. They did not do what they promised to do. We want to hold them accountable. The McCain amendment wants to let them off the hook and basically say: Private health insurance companies, keep drawing that money out of Medicare. We are not going to hold you accountable.  That earmark of the Medicare Advantage Program, that decision by Congress to give them a special privilege in selling this health insurance, is too darn expensive for senior citizens and people who rely on Medicare. That is why we are opposing the McCain amendment.  I might add, this is the third day of the debate on health care reform in America. We have yet to vote on a single amendment because the Republicans refuse to allow us to bring an amendment to the floor for a vote. How can you have an honest debate about a bill of this seriousness and magnitude if you cannot bring a measure to a vote on the floor?  Those who follow the Senate know it is a peculiar institution and its rules protect minorities, and individual Senators can object to a vote. The Republican Senators have objected to a vote, even on the McCain amendment, which I believe was filed on Monday, and here we are on Wednesday. We have talked about it. We know what is in it. We should vote on it. But the Republicans do not want to vote on it. They want to drag this out in the hopes that our desire to go home for Christmas means we will walk away from health care reform.  Well, if a few of the Republican Senators could have just left the Democratic caucus, they would know better. We are determined to bring this bill to a vote. We are determined to bring real health care reform to this country. We know what is at stake.  The current health care system in America is not affordable for most Americans. Health insurance premiums have gone up dramatically in cost. Individuals cannot afford to buy a policy. Businesses are dropping coverage of their employees. We know the costs are unsustainable.  Unless we start bringing those costs down, this great health care system is going to collapse. We need to preserve the things that are good in this system and fix those that are broken. Affordability is the first thing we need to address. The second thing we need to address, quite obviously, is to make sure every American has the right, as a consumer, to get coverage when they need it.  How many times have you heard the story of people who pay their health insurance premiums their whole lives, then somebody gets sick in their house--a new baby, a child, your wife, your husband--a big medical bill is coming, you go to the health insurance company, and you are in for a battle. They will not pay it. They say: Oh, we took a look at your application you filed a few years ago. You failed to disclose that you had acne when you were an adolescent. Am I making that up? No. That is an actual case. Because you did not disclose that you had acne as an adolescent, you failed to disclose a preexisting condition, so we have no obligation to pay for anything. If this sounds farfetched, believe me, it is an actual case--and there are many others like it.  Private insurance companies have spent a fortune hiring an army of people, sitting in front of computer screens, talking to the people who are paying the premiums, and above their computers is a sign that says: ``Just Say No.'' They say no consistently because every time they say no, their profits go up. But it leaves individuals and families in a terrible situation--denied coverage because of a preexisting condition; denied coverage because they could not carry their health insurance policy with them after theylost their job; denied coverage because of a cap in the amount of money the policy would pay; rescinded, where they walk away from an insurance policy because of some objection they have, legal objection; or how about one of your kids who turned age 24, no longer covered by your family health plan, now out on their own, maybe fresh from college, and has no job and no health insurance.  This bill addresses those issues. This bill eliminates the concern people will have over a preexisting condition. It takes away the power of the health insurance companies to say no. It finally creates a situation, which we have waited for for a long time. America is the only civilized, industrialized country in the world where a person can die for lack of health insurance. It does not happen anywhere else--only in America. Madam President, 45,000 people a year die for lack of health insurance.  Who are these people? Let me give you an example, one person whom I met. Her name is Judie, and she works in a motel in southern Illinois. She is 60 years old, a delightful, happy woman. She is the one who takes the dishes at the end of this little breakfast they offer at the motel. She could not be happier and nicer. She is 60 years old, with diabetes. She never had health insurance in her life--never. She goes to work every day, works 30 hours a week, and makes about $12,000 a year. She does not have health insurance, but she does have diabetes. She said to me: If I had health insurance, I would go to the doctor. I have had some lumps that have concerned me for a little while here, but I can't afford it, Senator.  That is an example of a person who does not have the benefit of health insurance. This bill we are talking about--this bill we are going to produce for everyone to read on the Internet; it is already there; it has been there for 10 days already; it will continue to be there--this bill makes sure that 94 percent of the people in America have health insurance coverage. That is an alltime high for the United States of America.  I might also say, despite the criticisms--and they are entitled to be critical on the Republican side of the aisle--they have yet to answer the most basic criticism I have offered. Where is your bill? Where is the Republican health care reform bill? They cannot answer that question because it does not exist. They have had a year to explore their ideas and develop them, but they have failed. They cannot produce a bill. They are for the current system, as it exists, that is unsustainable, unaffordable, leaving too many Americans vulnerable to health insurance companies that say no and too many Americans without health insurance.  I wish to address one particular issue that seems to come up all the time, and it is the issue of medical malpractice. I know my Republican colleagues are going to bring up that issue. Senator McCain has, many others have as well. President Obama recently recognized this as an issue of concern. Our bill will as well. We are going to explore, encourage, and fund State efforts to find ways to reduce medical malpractice premiums and to reduce, even more importantly, the incidence of medical errors.  Medical malpractice reform proposals are based in States. The Federal Government does not have a medical malpractice law, not in general terms. It does for specific programs such as Indian health care, for example, or federally qualified clinics. But when it comes to the general practice of medicine, that is governed by State laws, and the States decide when you can sue, what you can sue for, and the procedures you have to follow.  In almost every State there has been a system that has developed over the years to handle these cases. States regularly change and update their laws. The States try to strike a balance to protect patients, preserve their hospitals and doctors and other medical providers, ensure that those who are injured have a chance for compensation, and manage the cost of their system.  At least twenty-eight States, as of last year, have decided to impose caps on noneconomic damages in medical malpractice cases. A long time ago, before I came to Congress, I used to be a practicing lawyer in Springfield, IL, and I handled medical malpractice cases. So I do not profess to be an expert, nor even have current knowledge of medical malpractice, but I did in a previous life have some experience. I defended doctors, when they were sued, for a number of years on behalf of insurance companies, and I represented plaintiffs who were victims of medical negligence. So I have been on both sides of the table. I have been in the courtroom. I have gone through the process.  Here is what it comes down to. If you are a victim of medical malpractice, medical negligence, the jury can give you an award, which usually includes a number of possibilities: pay your medical bills, pay for any lost wages, pay for any additional expenses that may be associated with the court case, and pay for pain and suffering. Those are the basic elements that are involved in a medical malpractice lawsuit.  The pain and suffering part of it--it is pain, suffering, loss of a spouse or child, loss of fertility, scars, and disfigurement--is an area where many States have said: We want to limit the amount you can recover for pain and suffering, what they call noneconomic losses. It is not medical bills. It is not lost wages. So my State, for example, has a limitation of $500,000 on noneconomic damages in a medical malpractice case, recently enacted by our general assembly. In the State of Texas, it is $250,000. Those are so-called caps, limitations on the amount of money a jury can award for pain and suffering, when they find, in fact, you were a victim of medical negligence.  Some States have decided to establish caps on pain and suffering, how much you can recover; others have not. The reason many imposed caps was because they wanted to bring down the cost of medical malpractice insurance for doctors and hospitals. Well, a number of States have done that. At least twenty-eight States have done that, and we have been able to step back and take a look: How did it work? If you put a cap, a limitation, on recovery for pain and suffering, noneconomic loss, does that mean there will be lower malpractice premiums for doctors? In some cases, yes; in some cases, no.  Minnesota is an interesting example. Minnesota does not have caps on damages. Yet it has some of the lowest malpractice premiums in America. Twenty-five States, including Minnesota, use a certificate of merit system which means before you can file a lawsuit you need a medical professional to sign an affidavit that you have a legitimate claim before you even get into the court. That is in Minnesota, it is in Illinois, and a number of other States to stop so-called frivolous lawsuits.  Some States such as Vermont have low malpractice premiums and don't have any malpractice reforms. It is hard to track cause and effect here between tort reform, malpractice changes, and the actual premiums charged physicians.  There are ways Congress can help States build on what already works for each State. Senator Baucus, who is here on the floor and who is chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, has worked with Senator Enzi to create incentives for State programs to look for innovative ways to reduce malpractice premiums and the incidence of medical negligence. I think that is a good idea and I hope it will ultimately be included in this bill.  One of the major considerations when it comes to malpractice reform is making sure we focus on real facts. One myth we hear over and over again is about frivolous lawsuits flooding the courts. I have heard many colleagues come to the floor and call it ``jackpot justice,'' frivolous lawsuits, fly-by-night lawyers filing medical malpractice lawsuits. I am sure there is anecdotal evidence for each and every statement, but when you look at the record, you find that malpractice claims and lawsuit payouts are actually decreasing in America.  In 2008, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, there were 11,025 paid medical malpractice claims against physicians nationwide. One year in America, the total number of medical malpractice claims paid, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, was 11,025. There are 990,000 doctors in America, so roughly 1 percent of doctors is being charged with malpracticeand paying each year. This is a decrease from 2007 where the number was 11,478. So the number of malpractice claims has gone down. The number of paid claims for every 1,000 physicians has decreased from 25.2 in 1991 to 11.1 in 2008. That is a little over 1 percent of doctors actually paying malpractice claims.  Not only is the number of claims decreasing, but the amount they are paying to victims is decreasing as well. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners--not a group that is biased one way or the other when it comes to plaintiffs or defendants--said in 2003, malpractice claim payouts peaked at $8.46 billion. In 2008 that number had been cut in half. In 5 years it went down from $8.4 billion to $4 billion. So rather than a flood of frivolous lawsuits, fewer lawsuits are being filed and dramatically less money is being paid out.  Incidentally, the New York Times in a summary of research in September of this year found that only 2 to 3 percent of medical negligence incidents actually lead to malpractice claims. So it is not credible to argue that we have this flood of malpractice cases--they are going down--or this flood of payouts for malpractice in America. It has been cut in half in 5 years.  A third key consideration in this debate is cost. One of the main goals of pursuing health care reform is to try to reduce the cost to the system and we want to try to do that in a way that won't compromise the quality of care. There has been a lot of talk about the Congressional Budget Office report that was ordered up by Senator Hatch on October 9. The Congressional Budget Office for years said they could not put a pricetag on medical malpractice reform in terms of savings to the system, but on October 9 they reported to Senator Hatch that they could. Senator Hatch asked them what would be the impact on our health care system if we had a Texas-style cap, which is $250,000 for pain and suffering--I see the Senator from Texas on the floor and I hope I am quoting the Texas law correctly. He was a former Texas supreme court justice. Am I close?  