President, I rise today to honor an outstanding person in Illinois. His name is Dan Callahan. He is the head baseball coach at Southern Illinois University. I have knownDan since he was 3 years old. He is being honored by the Missouri Valley Conference, receiving their ``Most Courageous'' award.  As Southern Illinois' baseball coach for the last 16 years, Callahan has led his team to more than 414 victories, making him the second winning-est coach in the school's history. Clearly, Coach Callahan has the talent to help his players perfect their skills as batters, pitchers and fielders.  But he has also coached them on some of life's harder lessons, showing them what it means to live a life of persistence and commitment.  You see, 3 years ago Coach Callahan was diagnosed with a form of melanoma, a cancer he is still battling today. After receiving his diagnosis, Callahan silently endured the rigors of his treatment while continuing to coach his team. He didn't miss a single game that season.  When the next season rolled around, Callahan was still battling his illness. This time he faced more intense treatment, including a surgery that would take away part of his lower jaw.  It was only then that he went public with his illness and continued to coach as much as his treatment would allow.  While the surgery damaged Callahan's depth perception and hearing, he's still leading his baseball team today. He may not be able to demonstrate a fastball with the same intensity that he once had, but he has certainly shown his players how to face adversity and not give an inch.  Last year, cancer or no cancer, Dan Callahan pushed through to record his 400th win at SIU and 550th victory as a NCAA Division I head coach.  This year Coach Callahan will receive the Missouri Valley Conference's Most Courageous Award, an award that honors those that have demonstrated unusual courage in the face of personal illness, adversity or tragedy.  Mr. President, I congratulate Coach Callahan on this award and wish him continued success in his recovery as well as another winning season. I salute his wife Stacy, his wonderful daughters Alexa and Carly, Dan's mom and dad, Gene and Anne Callahan, and the whole family who is joining him in this battle.  Now--as a man used to say in Chicago in his radio show--for the rest of the story. One of the reasons Dan Callahan is alive today is because he has extraordinarily good medical care and health insurance. Because of that care, his oncologist recommended a special drug, a biologic drug. It is called Avastin. Avastin is a drug that is used to treat various forms of cancer but it has not been specifically tested for the treatment of cancer that Dan Callahan has. 