 I also ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record the memorandum prepared by Senator Gregg for the Republican side of the aisle concerning the rights of the minority in the Senate, which I have mentioned earlier, and largely includes the rights to slow down and stop the activity of the Senate.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:  Foundation for the Minority Party's Rights in the Senate (Fall 2009)       The Senate rules are designed to give a minority of      Senators the right to insist on a full, complete, and fully      informed debate on all measures and issues coming before the      Senate. This cornerstone of protection can only be abrogated      if 60 or more Senators vote to take these rights away from      the minority.       I. Rights Available to Minority Before Measures are      Considered on Floor (These rights are normally waived by      Unanimous Consent (UC) when time is short, but any Senator      can object to the waiver.)       New Legislative Day, An adjournment of the Senate, as      opposed to a recess, is required to trigger a new legislative      day. A new legislative day starts with the morning hour, a 2-     hour period with a number of required procedures. During part      of the ``morning hour'' any Senator may make non-debatable      motions to proceed to items on the Senate calendar.       One Day and Two Day Rules--The 1-day rule requires that      measures must lie over one ``legislative day'' before they      can be considered. All bills have to lie over one day,      whether they were introduced by an individual Senator (Rule      XIV) or reported by a committee (Rule XVII). The 2-day rule      requires that IF a committee chooses to file a written      report, that committee report MUST contain a CBO cost      estimate, a regulatory impact statement, and detail what      changes the measure makes to current law (or provide a      statement why any of these cannot be done), and that report      must be available at least 2 calendar days before a bill can      be considered on the Senate floor. Senators may block a      measure's consideration by raising a point of order if it      does not meet one of these requirements.       ``Hard'' Quorum Calls--Senate operates on a presumptive      quorum of 51 senators and quorum calls are routinely      dispensed with by unanimous consent. If UC is not granted to      dispose of a routine quorum call, then the roll must continue      to be called. If a quorum is not present, the only motions      the leadership may make are to adjourn, to recess under a      previous order, or time-consuming motions to establish a      quorum that include requesting, requiring, and then arresting      Senators to compel their presence in the Senate chamber.       II. Rights Available to Minority During Consideration of      Measures in Senate (Many of these rights are regularly waived      by Unanimous Consent.)       Motions to Proceed to Measures--with the exception of      Conference Reports and Budget Resolutions, most such motions      are fully debatable and 60 votes for cloture is needed to cut      off extended debate.       Reading of Amendments and Conference Reports in Entirety--     In most circumstances, the reading of the full text of      amendments may only be dispensed with by unanimous consent.      Any Senator may object to dispensing with the reading. If, as      is often the case when the Senate begins consideration of a      House-passed vehicle, the Majority Leader offers a full-text      substitute amendment, the reading of that full-text      substitute amendment can only be waived by unanimous consent.      A member may only request the reading of a conference report      if it is not available in printed form (100 copies available      in the Senate chamber).       Senate Points of Order--A Senator may make a point of order      at any point he or she believes that a Senate procedure is      being violated, with or without cause. After the presiding      officer rules, any Senator who disagrees with such ruling may      appeal the ruling of the chair--that appeal is fully      debatable. Some points of order, such as those raised on      Constitutional grounds, are not ruled on by the presiding      officer and the question is put to the Senate, then the point      of order itself is fully debatable. The Senate may dispose of      a point of order or an appeal by tabling it; however, delay      is created by the two roll call votes in connection with each      tabling motion (motion to table and motion to reconsider that      vote).       Budget Points of Order--Many legislative proposals (bills,      amendments, and conference reports) are subject to a point of      order under the Budget Act or budget resolution, most of      which can only be waived by 60 votes. If budget points of      order lie against a measure, any Senator may raise them, and      a measure cannot be passed or disposed of unless the points      of order that are raised are waived. (See http://budget.senate.gov/republican/pressarchive/PointsofOrder.pdf)       Amendment Process       Amendment Tree Process and/or Filibuster by Amendment--     until cloture is invoked, Senators may offer an unlimited      number of amendments--germane or non-germane--on any subject.      This is the fullest expression of a ``full, complete, and      informed'' debate on a measure. It has been necessary under      past Democrat majorities to use the rules governing the      amendment process aggressively to ensure that minority      Senators get votes on their amendment as originally written      (unchanged by the Majority Democrats.)       Substitute Amendments--UC is routinely requested to treat      substitute amendments as original text for purposes of      further amendment, which makes it easier for the majority to      offer 2nd degree amendments to gut 1st degree amendments by      the minority. The minority could protect their amendments by      objecting to such UC's.       Divisible Amendments--amendments are divisible upon demand      by any Senator if they contain two or more parts that can      stand independently of one another. This can be used to fight      efforts to block the minority from offering all of their      amendments, because a single amendment could be drafted,      offered at a point when such an amendment is in order, and      then divided into multiple component parts for separate      consideration and votes. Demanding division of amendments can      also be used to extend consideration of a measure. Amendments      to strike and insert text cannot be divided.       Motions to Recommit Bills to Committee With or Without      Instructions--A Senator may make a motion to recommit a bill      to the committee with or without instructions to the      Committee to report it back to the Senate with certain      changes or additions. Such instructions are amendable.       After Passage: Going to Conference,Motions to Instruct      Conferees, Matters Out of Scope of Conference       Going to Conference--The Senate must pass 3 separate      motions to go to conference: (1) a motion to insist on its      amendments or disagree with the House amendments; (2) a      motion to request/agree to a conference; and (3) a motion to      authorize the Chair to appoint conferees. The Senate      routinely does this by UC, but if a Senator objects the      Senate must debate each step and all 3 motions may be      filibustered (requiring a cloture vote to end debate).       Motion to Instruct Conferees--Once the Senate adopts the      first two motions, Senators may offer an unlimited number of      motions to instruct the Senate's conferees. The motions to      instruct are amendable--and divisible upon demand--by      Senators if they contain more than one separate and distinct      instruction.       Conference Reports, Out of Scope Motions--In addition to      demanding a copy of the conference report to be on every      Senator's desk and raising Budget points of order against it,      Senators may also raise a point of order that it contains      matter not related to the matters originally submitted to the      conference by either chamber. If the Chair sustains the point      or order, the provision(s) is stricken from the conference      agreement, and the House would then have to approve the      measure absent the stricken provision (even if the House had      already acted on the conference report). The scope point of      order can be waived by 60 Senators.       Availability of Conference Report Language. The conference      report must be publicly available on a website 48 hours in      advance prior to the vote on passage.  