Klobuchar, and Senator Cardin from Maryland for their leadership coming to the floor. I have been following the floor all day.  I heard from the other side of the aisle a litany of complaints that they have about health care reform. Leading off in the complaints about health care reform is the number of pages in the bill. The fact is, there is no Senate bill; it is in preparation at this moment. But the Republican side of the aisle, starting with Senator McConnell, the leader, through other Senators, continues to come to the floor and bemoan the fact that this bill may actually reach 2,000 pages in length. I don't know that it will. I don't know that it will not. I don't know that it makes any difference. I don't think people back home really care if this is a short bill or a long bill as long as it is a good bill, as long as it does what needs to be done.  When you get down to the issues we are talking about, we want to make sure the language is precise. If we are going to fight the health insurance companies--and believe me, they are spending a fortune trying to stop us. But if we are going to fight the health insurance companies to make sure people have a fighting chance when they have a health insurance plan not to be canceled when they have a preexisting condition, so they have a health insurance plan that is there when they need it when they get sick, a health insurance plan that has enough money in it to pay for what they need, pay for preventive care, then let's take the time and write the pages that are necessary. Trust me, the attorneys for the insurance companies will be fighting us in court every step of the way as we try to make these changes.  I was listening to the Senator from Maryland and the Senator from Minnesota. I recall a story I learned when I went home about a good friend of mine whose son has been battling cancer for years. He is a bright young man who developed a melanoma and has gone through extensive radiation and chemotherapy and also surgeries. It has been a valiant effort on his part. Two years ago, his oncologist found a drug that made a difference for him. He was cancer free. He was as happy as he has been for a long time because of this drug.  I think you know how this story is going to end. Just 2 months ago, his health insurance company notified him that they would no longer pay for this drug that he needed. His oncologist sent a letter to the insurance company and said: This drug I am using off-label is working for him. It has arrested the spread of his cancer, saved his life, and you need to continue it.  The insurance company said: No, we will no longer pay for this.  The drug costs $13,000 a month. There is no way this young man and his young family can pay for this. Even if his dad, mom, and all the relatives mortgage their homes, they just can't pay for it.  It shows you how average people who pay premiums all their lives are at the mercy of an insurance company executive or, worse, an insurance company clerk who decides to just say no. That happens every single day.  I have been waiting for the first person on the Republican side of the aisle to stand up and say: We may disagree on a lot of things, but we sure do agree we have to do something about health insurance reform. The way they are treating Americans is unacceptable. But we never hear that from that side of the aisle.  I hope at the end of the day we will be able to come together in a bipartisan way. We all want to. But there may come a point where we cannot. If standing up to the health insurance companies can only be done on this side of the aisle, so be it. Let's gather the votes, and let's do it. But at the end of the day for that family and many in Maryland and Minnesota, that is going to be the test of whether health care reform works. Will the costs start coming down? Will you have a fighting chance with the health insurance company when you really need protection? Will it pay for things that mean something to you, such as maintaining a person on diabetes prevention and wellness? Will it start bringing more people into the protection of health insurance so, as Senator Cardin said, we all are not paying for those who show up as charity cases at the hospital? Those are the bottom-line questions.  I thank the Senator for raising this because I think this goes to the heart of this health care debate.  