President, we have on the Senate floor a piece of legislation that has broad bipartisan support and that addresses an urgent national need.  Our country has seen a wave of white-collar fraud that has undermined the financial and housing markets and shaken our entire economy.  In recent years, there simply haven't been enough cops on the beat in the mortgage and financial markets. After 9/11, the Department of Justice, the FBI, and other agencies shifted their attention away from financial fraud investigations to focus on other important concerns. At the same time, we saw financial deregulation, the boom in subprime and exotic mortgages, and the evolution of mortgage-backed securitized instruments. These developments created a wealth of opportunities for fraudsters to rip off hard-working Americans.  We know now that there is a wave of fraud sweeping the country. The Treasury Department is receiving 5,000 mortgage fraud allegations per month. The FBI now has more than 530 open corporate fraud investigations, and FBI officials report that their fraud caseload is growing exponentially. And Americans have been stunned by recent revelations of massive Ponzi schemes and the manipulation of financial markets. It is simply unacceptable for this Congress to stand idly by and watch these fraudsters rip off the American people. We need to act. And we have a bill on the floor of the Senate right now that would take strong and effective steps to catch the perpetrators of these frauds and protect the taxpayers.  The Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act, sponsored by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Leahy, and the ranking member of the Finance Committee, Senator Grassley, is carefully crafted and widely supported on both sides of the aisle.  The bill makes important improvements to the criminal fraud statutes. These provisions will strengthen prosecutors' ability to combat fraud in the mortgage and financial markets. The bill also puts more cops on the beat in the financial markets. It authorizes the hiring of hundreds of FBI and SEC investigators to focus on mortgage and financial fraud. It provides $100 million for new white-collar prosecutors in U.S. attorney offices, and it bolsters the resources of the Criminal, Civil and Tax Divisions of the Department of Justice.  These investments in enforcement are likely to pay off in more ways than just catching criminals. They will lead to increased restitution payments, criminal and civil fines, and monetary recoveries for victims and taxpayers. The Justice Department estimates that for every dollar spent to prosecute fraud at the Criminal Division, more than $20 is ordered in restitution and fines for victims and the government. So this bill will pay for itself and then some.  The legislation also includes a key provision from a bill that Senator Grassley and I introduced earlier this year to update the Federal False Claims Act. The False Claims Act is known as Lincoln's Law. It was signed by President Lincoln in 1863, and since then it has enabled the Federal Government and whistleblowers to work together to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of Government funds. The FalseClaims Act has been a powerful antifraud tool. Since 1986, the Federal Government and whistleblowers have recovered over $22 billion in monies that were fraudulently taken from Government programs. The bill before us corrects several court decisions that have misinterpreted the False Claims Act and limited its scope. This legislation will help keep Lincoln's Law strong for the 21st century.  I am proud to cosponsor the antifraud legislation we are considering. It is going to pass this body by a wide margin, and it is going to help the American people. But it has been held up by a small number of Senators from across the aisle. These Senators have delayed a vote on final passage of this bill, because they want to offer amendments that have nothing to do with the bill. Why are these Senators standing in the way of legislation that will fight fraud in our markets and curb waste in Government programs? I can't understand it, and I don't think the American people can understand it.  These Senators should be cosponsoring this legislation, not blocking it. Are these Senators aware of the mortgage rescue scams that are catching more and more Americans every day? Do they know that con artists are out there right now promising that they can help families who are facing foreclosure save their homes--all for a supposedly small upfront fee? Desperate homeowners are tricked into paying these con artists, who then skip town and leave the family worse off than before. Are these Senators aware of the financial scams being perpetrated on senior citizens and military families? What about the investors who have lost their life savings to Ponzi schemes and market manipulators? Shouldn't we put more cops on the beat to catch these crooks? Shouldn't we bolster our enforcement agencies so they can prosecute these cases and get restitution for the victims? I think we should.  The Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act takes important steps to help law enforcement agencies investigate and prosecute the financial fraud that has surged in recent years. It will also deter those who might commit fraud in the future. This measure will help restore confidence in our economy and restore millions of dollars in ill-gotten gains to victims and taxpayers.  I hope we can vote quickly on final passage of this bill. America needs it, and we need to pass it.  