President, I ask to be recognized for 5 minutes. If the chair would advise me when I have used that time.  I found it interesting, as I am sure the Senator from Montana has, to listen to all of the Republican Senators who have come to the floor to defend Medicare. I am sure the Senator from Montana has the same memory I do--that when it was created, it was created by the Democratic side of the aisle, with the general opposition of the Republican side of the aisle. They said it was socialized medicine, too much government, and it would fail. Now they are coming riding to the rescue of Medicare. We have a right to be skeptical about the arguments they are making.  Imagining these Republican Senators defending Medicare is trying to imagine a fish riding a bicycle. I cannot put it in my mind. But they are doing it. The Senator who sponsored this motion to commit, Senator McCain, just a year ago, in the course of his Presidential campaign, called for eliminating $1.3 trillion in spending from Medicare and Medicaid. Now he comes to the floor and says this bill, which would reduce costs in Medicare by less than half of that amount over a 10-year period of time is irresponsible and the death knell of Medicare.  What is the real story? The real story is the Republican side of the aisle is defending the private health insurance companies--companies making generous profits from Medicare Advantage. This is a program offered by private health insurance companies to replace government-run Medicare. It turned out, in many instances, to have failed miserably. It costs more money because these private health insurance companies are taking profits out of the Medicare Advantage Program. So they have pleaded with the other side of the aisle to come to their rescue. They have sent in their best troops on the other side of the aisle, headed by the senior Senator from Arizona, who has said the first thing I will do is to protect these private health insurance companies and their rights to overcharge seniors in Medicare for Medicare Advantage.  He talks about the people now receiving Medicare Advantage, who may be disadvantaged and see a different policy in the future. What the Senator from Arizona and others don't dwell on is that everybody under Medicare today pays $90 a year more into Medicare to subsidize the private health insurance companies that offer Medicare Advantage. This is a tax--a tax--which the Senator from Arizona is trying to preserve. It is a tax on Medicare recipients.  The Senator from Arizona was right a year ago. We can take an honest look at Medicare and Medicaid and take money out of the system without disadvantage to the people involved.  I want to say to the Senator from Arizona and others that once we have dispatched his motion to commit, he will have a chance to vote for Senator Michael Bennet's amendment. It could not be clearer. It has two parts. It says--repeating what this bill says, it says unequivocally:       No provision in this Senate bill can reduce any Medicare      benefit guaranteed by statute.  Next paragraph:       Savings in Medicare from the bill will go to extend the      life of the Medicare trust fund, lower part B premiums, or      cost sharing, expands benefits, improves access to providers.  We know, and the seniors across America know, that left unattended and uncared for, Medicare may go broke in just a matter of 7 or 8 years. This bill before us will extend the life of Medicare for at least 5 years. It will put Medicare on sound footing which every senior and their families want to have. That is why AARP, the largest organization of senior citizens across America, has urged Members of the Senate in both parties to oppose the McCain motion to commit. That is why I stand today with the Senator who is chairman of the Finance Committee and say to my Republican friends, with their newfound love affair with Medicare, that they should reject the 60 Plus organization, this ``wise counsel'' they turned to that came up with the idea of privatizing Social Security.  How would you like to have had all your Social Security money in the stock market over the last 2 years? Boy, there is a great idea. Stick with this 60 Plus group if you like the notion of privatizing Social Security. Stick with AARP if you want Medicare to be strong, on sound financial footing.  I yield the floor.  