This is a rarity in the Senate, where people with opposing viewpoints actually arrive at the same moment and have a chance at least to exchange points of view if not have more direct communication. I would say, as follows: I don't know what motivates the mind of a terrorist. I think I have some ideas and my colleague does as well. I do not know that we will ever be able to save every soul when it comes to those who are inclined toward terrorism. Let's face reality, it is like crime in this country. We all would like to see it go away, but we know, intuitively, there are some people who are bad people and do bad things and need to pay the price, and I think the same is true for terrorism.  But when President Obama goes to Cairo, Egypt, and appears to speak to the Islamic world about this new administration and its new approach when it comes to dealing with Islam and says as part of it that the UnitedStates has forsworn torture in Guantanamo, he has said to the world: We are telling you this is a different day. It is a new day. For those who are not convinced in terrorism and extremism, at least understand that America is now ready to deal with you in an honest way, in a different way. What message does it send if the Congress turns around and says to the President: No, you can't say that to the Islamic world. We are going to keep Guantanamo open. We are going to keep this open, even if it is an irritant.  Don't take my word for it because I am not an expert in this field but those who are, many of them, believe Guantanamo should be closed. I would never question the sincerity or the resume of GEN Colin Powell, who has said close Guantanamo; GEN David Petraeus: Close Guantanamo; the Secretary of Defense: Close Guantanamo; President George W. Bush: Close Guantanamo.  All of these people who have seen the intelligence and have the background believe it is time to close that facility. This President is trying to make good on that promise by President Bush and turn the page when it comes to Guantanamo and its future. I think that is critical to bringing about a more peaceful world and reaching out and saying to this world: Things have changed.  I bet the Senator from Arizona joined me when we went upstairs to 407 and saw the photographs from Abu Ghraib. It is a moment none of us will ever forget as long as we live. Some of the things we saw there were gut-wrenching. I stood there with my colleagues, women and men, embarrassed at the things I looked at.  Some of those images are going to be with us for a long time, images that the people of the world have seen. We have to overcome them by saying it is a new day, and the clearest way to do that is to close Guantanamo in an orderly way, not to release any terrorists in the United States. On the question about whether we can incarcerate them--even if our prison population is as large as it is, there are facilities available. Once this President is given this option to reach out to States and this Nation, I am confident he will find accommodations in Federal prisons and supermax State prisons to deal with 240 people who are now left at Guantanamo. I think that is something we can expect to happen, and it will happen.  I will close by saying this: I asked the Senator from Kentucky twice if he would comment on what I heard to be his statement about whether this gentleman, Ahmed Ghailani, if found not guilty, would be released into the United States. He said Mr. Gibbs, the White House Press Secretary, had led him to that conclusion. I think, in fairness, Mr. Gibbs would say, clearly, he had no intention that this President or anyone in this administration would ever release this man, and there is no right under the law that he be released, even if he is found not guilty, into the U.S. population. It is not going to happen. I think raising that specter, raising that question, is raising that level of fear.  I do not think fear should guide us. America is not a strong nation cowering in the shadows in fear. America is a strong nation when we realize our challenge, stand together united, don't abandon our principles, and use the resources we have around the world to make certain we are safer.  The last point I will make is I have the greatest confidence in our system of justice, more than any in the world. I hope all my colleagues will have that same sense of confidence, that if the President sends a case to our courts of law, it will be handled professionally and fairly in the best possible manner.  I yield the floor.  