President, I would like to respond to the Senator from Arizona, in particular on his amendment, but I also would like to respond in a most general way.  Let's have the right starting point. Barack Obama has been President of the United States for 2 weeks and 2 days. He did not create this economic crisis; he inherited this economic crisis. This economic crisis we face in this country has brought down growth of our gross domestic product, which is the measurement of the value of all goods and services in the United States, to the lowest point of growth in 25 years.  Did Barack Obama create that? No, he inherited that. We know we have lost jobs, dramatic losses of jobs--500,000 in December, 600,000 in January. I do not know where this will end. Did Barack Obama create that situation? No, he inherited that situation.  What led us to this point? Well, there are a litany of things to which you can point. Some of it goes back to the failed policies of the previous administration. When we identified the weakness in the American economy last year, President George W. Bush came to the Democratic Congress and said: I know the solution. It has been the solution all along. It will work again. We need tax cuts. If we can send $300 to every American citizen, the economy will recover. The Democratic Congress accepted George W. Bush's solution for the problem, enacted a program of tax cuts, $150 billion worth of tax cuts, sent the money to families across America, who I am sure appreciated it.  How much did they spend? About 15 percent. They used the remainder of the money to put into savings and to pay off their credit cards. Well, for each family that was a blessing. It was helpful. From the viewpoint of the economy, it did not work. We continued to go downhill.  This notion from the other side of the aisle that tax cuts solve everything has failed. It is part of the failed policies of the previous administration that have brought us to this moment in history.  When President Bush was elected to office, he inherited a surplus in the Federal budget from the Clinton administration, a surplus. And he inherited the accumulated debt of the United States of America from George Washington until George W. of $5 trillion.  What happened to the national debt under the Bush administration's 8 years? It more than doubled. It more than doubled because the President insisted then in sending tax cuts to the wealthiest people in America and in waging a war without paying for it. We dragged ourselves deeply into debt with not only the complicity but the cooperation and with the enthusiastic approval of the other side of the aisle. That is where we are today, with a debt over $10 trillion, with an economy flat on its back, with the failed policies of the last 8 years creating the economic crisis we face today. President Barack Obama, in office for 2 weeks and 2 days, did not create this crisis. But the people of America said last November 4: Do something about the way you are running the Government. Bring real change to this town. Find solutions to our problems and, for goodness' sake, work together. We are tired of all the squabbling on Capitol Hill between Democrats and Republicans. Finally, accept this challenge of setting the economy straight and work together.  President Obama in 2 weeks and 2 days in office went to the Republicans in the House of Representatives asking for their cooperation and their assistance. When this measure of stimulus recovery was called in the House, not one single Republican Representative would join in that effort.  Now it comes to the Senate, where we need 60 votes. We will need several Republicans to step up and hear the lesson from the last election and help us move forward. This is the measure before us. It is voluminous. It costs about $900 billion, a substantial sum of money. But it has been calculated to try to get the economy moving forward, to try to save and create 3 to 4 million jobs in America. It is about the jobs.  Now we have a proposal from Senator McCain to spend less than half. What will that cost us--1.5 to 2 million American jobs. They are prepared on the other side of the aisle to accept what I consider a halfway response to a major American problem.  Then they have their bill of particulars, their objections to this measure, President Obama's recovery plan. I have listened carefully and measured and added up their arguments against these measures. It turns out, if I could do this in a symbolic way, that their measures account for one page of this bill. Listen to the things they list that they find so objectionable. They account in dollar terms to about one page of this bill. Listen to what they have to say. Let's go into some of the particulars we have heard repeatedly. Smoking cessation, $75 million. I happen to believe passionately in this issue, passionately because I lost my father to lung cancer when I was a little boy, passionately because I have fought the tobacco companies as long as I have been in public life, passionately because I know tobacco-related disease is the No. 1 killer in America. I believe in this. I have given my public career to it. But we decided, because of the objection to one page, to remove it.  My message to the Republican side of the aisle is: Read the bill. Smoking cessation programs are no longer in the bill. That is a fact.  Let me also note, Senator McCain said something which is not accurate. I want to call his attention to it, as he is in the Chamber. Senator McCain said there is not one penny for defense in this bill.  Mr. McCAIN. Will the Senator yield?  