Senator Ensign mentioned my name several times during the course of that debate, which he is entitled to do on the floor of the Senate. I would like to respond.  Five years ago, we started a program in the District of Columbia. It was never tried before by the Federal Government. Here is the program. We said we would give to the parents of up to 2,000 students Federal money to pay for the tuition costs of sending their kids to private schools. It was called the DC Voucher Program. At the time--it was proposed 5 years ago--it was proposed as a pilot program. It basically said we are going to do this on an experimental basis to see whether it works, whether at the end of the day these kids going into private schools will turn out to be better and more successful students, and then at the end of the authorizing period Congress will make a decision whether to proceed forward with this program.  Sometime last year, I ended up with the responsibility of funding this program just as it was about to expire. It was going to expire this June, at the end of this school year. I said: I don't think that is fair. We have not done the evaluation we were supposed to do. We have not considered reauthorizing the program as we planned to do. And we do not want to leave 1,700 students and their families in suspense about their future. So, unlike the statementmade by the Senator from Nevada, I did not end the program in the bill. I think he knows I did not. Instead, we extended it an additional year beyond the authorization period. We said that we will cover the kids in this program for not only the school year we are in right now but the next school year, 2009 to 2010. I did not think it was fair for these kids to be uncertain about where they would be in the next school year while Congress did its work.  What has happened to this DC Voucher Program? Let me tell my colleagues what happened initially to the DC Voucher Program. I offered three amendments in the Senate Appropriations Committee to this program. Here is what they were, I say to Senator Ensign:  No. 1, I said that any DC voucher school teacher had to have a college degree. Is that a radical idea? Do you have any public schools in Nevada where the teachers do not have a college degree? We don't in Illinois. We put this up for a vote, and the people who were supporting the DC Voucher Program voted it down. They said: We can't require teachers in these private schools to have a college degree. Imagine that.  The second amendment I offered said the buildings that we will call DC voucher schools have to pass the Life Safety Code. They have to be safe buildings so that if there is a fire in the building, the kids will survive. I don't know of a single school in Nevada or Illinois that is not in a safe building, an inspected building. Do you know what happened to the amendment in the committee? They voted it down. They told me: Don't get in the way of creativity. We have these voucher schools that are very creative. The teachers may not have college degrees and the building may not be judged safe, but these are creative ideas. This could work, Senator, step aside.  The third thing I said was that it is only fair, since we are all critical of the current DC public schools and what is happening there, in most instances, that we have the same achievement test offered in the voucher school as in the DC public school so that at the end of a year or 2 years or 3 years, we can compare the results. Are the kids really doing better? It was voted down.  Durbin, you are standing in the way of creativity. These are voucher schools. They don't need teachers with college degrees. They don't need to be in buildings that are inspected and safe. We don't need to have comparable tests. You are missing the point.  I guess I did miss the point. Do you know what happened when the General Accountability Office took a look at these schools? They found that many of them were world-class schools. And I bet you the students the Senator from Nevada was pointing to were the products of those schools. Do you know what they also found, I say to Senator Ensign. They also found schools where somebody's mom or somebody's wife declared themselves principals and teachers and went in to teach without college degrees and received Federal subsidies to do it.  