First thing he does. He is protecting this subsidy, this big fat earmark we put in legislation, 14 percent bump in premiums is protected by this motion to commit.  It is understandable the health insurance companies want to keep this. It is a sweet deal. They are getting paid for something they promised us would never happen. Also, there is a provision in the motion to commit of the Senator that says we should take out the conflict-of-interest sections in Medicare. Do you know what that is? That is when your doctor also owns the laboratory which does your blood test and the imaging center which does the x rays and says: I am not sure what is wrong with you, but I know there are two things you need: You need a blood test and you need an x ray.  Maybe you do; maybe you don't. We say in this bill you have to disclose to your patient that you have a personal financial interest in this laboratory and this processing operation, and you have to give them an alternative to shop for another place if they want. Is that unreasonable? It is one of the provisions the Senator from Arizona wants to take out. It is a savings in Medicare.  That is unfortunate. We have to do our best to eliminate the waste and fraud and abuse, as terrible as that old cliche is, in Medicare. Why is it that the same medical procedure offered in Rochester, MN, to a Medicare recipient costs twice as much or more in Miami, FL? Do you think maybe we ought to take a look at that? I think we should. I think maybe there is some price gouging. I want to know.  Does that mean we are going to reduce the benefits for someone living in Miami? Not necessarily. But it means the taxpayers will not be ripped off. Medicare would not go broke. We are doing what we need to do to be responsible. So taking money out of Medicare means shutting off the subsidy to the private health insurance companies for Medicare Advantage. It means stopping the self-dealing of some doctors who are sending Medicare patients to their own labs and their own processing companies. It means finding out where the waste is taking place.  The Senator from Arizona says we instruct the Finance Committee to take out those provisions in the bill. Keep Medicare Advantage there, with the 14 percent subsidy for private health insurance companies, don't engage these doctors when it comes to these conflicts of interest. I don't think that is right.  It was not long ago that my friend from Arizona was a candidate for another office. During the course of his campaign for President, he suggested we have a pretty substantial cut in Medicare and Medicaid. In fact, during the campaign the Senator from Arizona called for $1.3 trillion in reforms in Medicare and Medicaid, more than twice as much as we are calling for in Medicare, 2\1/2\ times as much.  Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who worked for the Senator from Arizona, said the campaign planned to fund tax credits in their health care proposals with savings from Medicare and Medicaid. So the idea of saving money in Medicare is certainly not something with which the Senator is unfamiliar. We all understand there are possibilities for savings that don't jeopardize basic services for seniors. We also understand that left untouched, Medicare is going broke. Ignoring the problem will make it worse. If we want to put Medicare on sound footing we have to tackle this issue foursquare. We cannot afford these subsidies for private health care companies for Medicare Advantage, and we cannot afford the waste that is going on in the system today.  I might also tell you the increase in payroll taxes for those individuals making over $200,000 a year and families over $250,000 a year--that is the increase in the Medicare tax--is going to be buying 5 years of solvency for Medicare. So when they talk about our raising taxes--true, at the highest income levels--what they don't tell you is the other side of the coin. The money brought in goes straight to the Medicare trust fund to keep it solid.  What else does this bill do? It starts filling the doughnut hole. You may not know what that means until you happen to be a senior or have one in your family, but Medicare prescription drug coverage stops paying at a certain point. This bill starts coverage in the doughnut hole, in the gap in coverage that currently exists in Medicare prescription Part D.  Where is the Republican bill to fill the doughnut hole? It doesn't exist--at least I have not seen it. It is not on their Web site. Here is ours. That is why AARP has endorsed this bill. The American Association of Retired Persons knows this bill is a good bill for seniors.  I urge my colleagues to oppose the McCain motion to commit.  If we take this bill off the floor, which many Republicans want us to do, it will take us days, maybe a week, to bring it back to the floor. They want to delay this as long as possible. They want us to fail. They want us to stop. They want us to adopt the Senate Republican approach to health care reform which is do nothing, leave the system the way it is. We cannot continue the system the way it is. This is a responsible bill. It makes health insurance affordable. It reduces the deficit, according to the CBO, and covers 94 percent of Americans. It finally tackles the health insurance companies for the first time in a long time, and it buys at least 5 years more for the Medicare Program. I wish I could compare it to the Senate Republican approach, but that doesn't exist. Any mule can kick down a barn door. It takes a carpenter to build one.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of Colorado). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. I regret that the Senator from Illinois did not observe the courtesies of the Senate, particularly when a person's name is mentioned, as he continued to mention my name throughout and totally falsifying my position both in the Presidential campaign and the position that we have on this side and this amendment. I have always extended that courtesy to the Senator from Illinois. I deeply regret that even this comity of the Senate is no longer observed.  I say to the Senator from Illinois, I regret you would not respond to a question I had posed, when you had said: I will respond in a minute. Again, even comity is not observed here.  