When we were here at 1 a.m., bleary-eyed and voting, there were two unanimous consent requests made to pass the Department of Defense appropriations bill immediately. Does the Senator from Arizona remember the objections to passing the bill immediately so we could get the money to the troops came from his side of the aisle when we tried to pass this bill?  Mr. McCAIN. I do recall that, I say to my friend, and I also recall I was only allowed 10 minutes--10 minutes--to talk about this bill and the 1,720 earmarks such as the telescope in Hawaii and--I have a list here somewhere. But I was allowed 10 minutes, and I need a long time to talk about this.  If the Democratic majority, which is their right, wants to wait until December 17 and then jam it through in the middle of the night, that is their right to try it. But we need to talk more about why the American people are angry. Here we have a bill to defend the Nation--to defend the Nation--and $18.9 million for a center at the University of Massachusetts ``dedicated to educating the general public, students, teachers, new Senators, and Senate staff about the role and importance of the Senate.''  I hope this organization, this center at the University of Massachusetts, will somehow come into being, perhaps, but not by taking it out of money for Defense. If there is ever a time the American people need to understand the role and importance of the Senate--given our approval rating is about 4 percent, and I haven't met any of them--I understand why someone would want to have a center to teach new Senators and Senate staff about the role and importance of the Senate. But $18.9 million, when people are not being able to stay in their homes, when they are unemployed, when they can't feed their families, when unemployment is 17 percent? Sure, let's add it on to the Defense appropriations bill. That is the way to do it.  Here are some more: $500,000 for my old favorite--the old Brown Tree Snake Program. I totaled up the millions that have been spent on the old Brown Tree Snake Program. Of course, Historical Fort Hamilton Community Club, that needs $1.8 million. 