President, pending before the Senate is the Travel Promotion Act of 2009, which we have worked on for a long time. Travel and tourism are critical to the economic health of America, as well as our home State of Illinois. It is the sixth most popular State in the Nation among overseas tourists. Tourism adds $2.1 billion to our State and local tax coffers and supports more than 300,000 jobseach year in the State. That is why we need this bill. Promoting tourism, bringing in travelers to visit Illinois and the Nation creates job opportunities, tax revenues and, frankly, gives us a chance to show off a great nation.  I could go through the long list of wonderful things to see in Illinois--and it is long--but trust me, it is a story that can be told in virtually every State in the Nation, and certainly here in our capital.  There are those who argue about the $10 promotion fee, which is a small price to pay to promote people coming from overseas, who will spend much more than that to visit our country and join in the wonderful opportunities we have to offer.  As we come to a conclusion on the bill, I want to spend a moment to acknowledge the work of the majority leader, Harry Reid, who worked tirelessly with Senators Dorgan and Ensign. He was an early and strong supporter of the Travel Promotion Act, recognizing how important travel is to the United States and to our economy. He worked hard to make sure there was a place on the crowded legislative calendar for us to take up this bill.  Travel and tourism are a major industry in Senator Reid's home State of Nevada, and enacting this legislation will save and create thousands of jobs in Nevada and help generate millions of dollars in revenue and tax receipts. Senator Reid has been committed to this legislation since it was introduced, and he will shepherd this legislation to the President's desk. With his leadership, we have another chance to move this bill on the floor of the Senate. We failed to reach cloture in June, and some people gave up, but Harry Reid never gave up. He worked with the sponsors to move this forward. He recognizes that the travel sector is a major driver in economic growth in Nevada and across America. He found a way to rescue this bill, bring it back to life, and bring it up for today's vote. For his vision, his tenacity, and his leadership, we all owe a great debt of gratitude to Senator Harry Reid of Nevada.  This Travel Promotion Act is a major part of his work in the Senate, not only to help America, but his home State of Nevada.  I yield the floor, suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask that the time be divided equally.  