 Senator McCain suggests $4 billion in defense spending in his amendment. The bill contains $4.5 billion in defense spending already. I acknowledge that we all make mistakes, but we have done well by defense. We can do better, but we have not ignored our national security nor the men and women in uniform in this important stimulus package.  Let me also say, there have been arguments made that we need more oversight in this bill. I don't want to waste a single taxpayer dollar. I want to make sure that money is well spent. I call the attention of Senator McCain and the Republican side of the aisle to page 9 of the bill. On page 9--and those that follow--there is item after item where we are providing additional funds to inspectors general in each of the departments to keep an eye on the spending in this bill.  Let me read what it says:       In addition to the funds otherwise made available, hereby      appropriated are the following sums to the specified offices      of inspectors general to remain available until September 30,      2013, for oversight and audit of programs, grants, and      projects funded up under this act.  Oversight is important, but oversight is included in this bill.  I heard Senator McConnell. I have heard Senator McCain. They object to the idea of making Government buildings more energy efficient. How shortsighted can they be? If you own a home, is it worth insulating the home, if it costs a little bit of money this year, knowing that it will save you money in heating costs for years to come? Would you put in thermal windows? Would you insulate your home? It is a practical decision made by families every day. When we suggest including money in this bill so that the Government buildings we pay for and the heat and air-conditioning in these buildings we pay for is done in an energy-efficient way, it is ridiculed--in the words of Senator McConnell, ``money to spruce up buildings.'' We are not talking about planting flowers, we are talking about energy efficiency. The notion that that is wasteful? Is it wasteful for your family if you get rid of the incandescent bulbs and buy fluorescents? No. It is smart. We need that kind of approach when it comes to energy.  Then Senator McConnell criticized $70 million, using the money for research in climate change. There is at least one Republican Senator who calls climate change a hoax, but I think only one. Most of us understand something is happening in this world. The climate is changing and not for the better. Global warming is happening, and it changes weather patterns--hurricanes in months of the year when we have never seen them, storms we have never seen before. Should we just ignore this and say: Maybe God will take care of it or do we have an obligation to do something about it? Will it affect our economic future? Of course it will. They ridicule the $70 million in this bill for global warming and climate change. I don't understand that.  Let me also say, Senator McCain has suggested in his bill that there will be $276 billion in tax cuts. I say to him, in the bill we have before us from President Obama, there is $370 billion in tax cuts already. Senator McCain is reducing tax cuts for American families. Does that make it a stronger bill, a better bill for revitalizing the economy? I don't think so.  The bottom line is this: President Obama inherited the worst economic crisis in 75 years. It is the product of many factors, but it also clearly is the product of failed policies of the past. Returning to those policies over and over is the definition of insanity, to do the same thing over and over when it fails. That is what this amendment does. It returns to the same worn, unfortunately, unsuccessful concepts from the past.  What President Obama brings us today is an opportunity to step forward, to work together and do something about this economic crisis. This bill not only provides a helping hand to the unemployed, giving them additional money each week, it provides an opportunity for many of them to have health insurance which they have lost when they lost their jobs. It provides a helping hand for the poorest among us who are struggling to get by in areas such as food stamps. It provides a safety net for the most unfortunate circumstances facing Americans. But it invests in good-paying jobs, too, building roads and bridges and highways, the infrastructure that builds the economy of the 21st century, making certain we invest billions of dollars into health care technology so we can computerize medical records so that we have better outcomes in medical care and so that it is a safer experience formost Americans. There is more money as well in education. If we don't put money into education, how can we ever believe we are going to have the leaders we need tomorrow? There is more money for 21st-century libraries and laboratories and classrooms. Isn't that what we want for our children and grandchildren? There is money for energy research and energy efficiency so we can lessen our dependence on foreign oil and build this economy with homegrown energy. These are the things included in the Obama plan.  This plan will fail without the help of Republican Senators. At some point, I am hoping that at least a handful of Republican Senators will say: We are willing to step forward and help.  They have 1 page of grievances out of a bill of more than 900 pages. They should remember what one of the patriarchs and saints of the Republican Party, Ronald Reagan, used to say. Ronald Reagan used to say: If I can go into a negotiation and end up with 80 percent of what I wanted, it is a successful negotiation. Now we have Republicans, who say kind words about the Gipper, the former President, saying that 80 percent isn't enough; 99 percent isn't enough. It has to be 100 percent. If we can find one page of grievances in this bill, it is good enough for us to walk away from it.  We cannot walk away from this crisis. We cannot walk away from this challenge. If there was ever a time for us to come together with a solution--not just a debate, bold action instead of tentative action which will accomplish half the job when we need to do the whole job, to bring about real change and reform--this is the day to do it.  I encourage colleagues on the other side of the aisle, please don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good. Let's work together as the American people asked us to on November 4 and do something about this crisis. Let's not leave this effort on the floor of the Senate at the end of the day undone. Too many Americans are counting on us.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of New Mexico). The Senator from Montana.  