President, I rise to speak on the 100th anniversary of the founding of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, NAACP, and to congratulate this remarkable organization on its historic achievements.  In the summer of 1908, a race riot took place in Springfield, IL, my hometown and the hometown of President Abraham Lincoln. A mob of White residents destroyed homes and businesses owned by African Americans, and forced thousands of Black residents to flee Springfield. Two prominent Black men were lynched within half a mile of the home President Lincoln had owned and within 2 miles of his grave.  One of these two men was William Donnegan, a longtime resident of Springfield who was a friend of President Lincoln and the cobbler who made the President's boots. The mob went to Mr. Donnegan's home, cut his throat and lynched him in a school yard across the street.  These tragic events were widely reported at the time and shocked the Nation. It seemed clear that if African Americans living in President Lincoln's hometown could be attacked, then such violence could happen anywhere in the Unites States.  A group of brave individuals responded to these events by establishing the NAACP 100 years ago today, turning tragedy into hope for a better future. The founders of the NAACP issued a call to the Nation on President Lincoln's birthday in 1909, urging their fellow Americans to take stock of the progress since the Emancipation Proclamation and to measure how well the country had lived up to its obligation to ensure that each and every citizen was afforded equal opportunity and protection.  Less than 50 years after the end of the Civil War, the founders of the NAACP concluded that President Lincoln would be tremendously disappointed by the situation in 1909: the disenfranchisement of African Americans in several States between 1890 and 1908, the failure of the Supreme Court to strike down these disenfranchisement provisions, the segregation in trains and other public places, and attacks on African Americans, even in his hometown of Springfield, IL.  In 1909, Springfield held a banquet to celebrate President Lincoln's centennial. Booker T. Washington was invited to speak at this banquet, but declined to come to the city where race riots had taken place only 6 months before. Not a single African-American resident of Springfield was invited to this banquet. Black residents of Springfield held their own commemoration at the nearby African Methodist Episcopal Church, where the Reverend L. H. Magee expressed his disappointment at the exclusion of African Americans from the official commemoration of the Lincoln Centennial and predicted that by the bicentennial in 2009 Americans would have banished prejudice.  Over the last 100 years, the NAACP has been at the forefront of the struggle for equality. The NAACP led the fight to desegregate public schools, culminating in the Supreme Court's 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision, and played a central role in the passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Thanks to the hard work of the NAACP and many others, we have taken tremendous steps since the tragic events that led to its creation.  Tonight, at Springfield's bicentennial banquet in honor of President Lincoln, the minister of the African Methodist Episcopal Church will deliver the benediction and President Barack Obama will be the keynote speaker. President Obama's election and so much else that we treasure about America today is possible in part because of the vision and leadership of Abraham Lincoln and shows that there is still within us a passionate longing to be the America that President Lincoln believed we could and must become.  A hundred years later, I believe the founders of the NAACP might conclude that President Lincoln would be proud about many things in our country. But I think they would also remind us that there is still much to be done in the struggle for equality for all persons. I am reassured in knowing that the NACCP will continue to lead the fight to ensure political, educational, social and economic equality for all persons.  