President, the Weapons Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 takes steps in the right direction to reform the way the Department of Defense buys major weapons systems.  When it comes to these multi-billion-dollar systems, the challenges of managing acquisitions are tremendous.  Officials at the Department of Defense manage 96 major defense acquisition programs--the Department's most expensive programs.  Each program costs hundreds of millions of dollars to research and develop and billions of dollars more to purchase. Together, these programs account for $1.6 trillion in defense spending.  These major defense acquisition programs have seen a shocking growth in cost. Over the last 20 years, the costs of these programs have ballooned by $296 billion.  Costs especially exploded during the previous administration. Since 2003, the cost of major defense acquisition programs rose by $113 billion.  The Weapons Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 takes important steps to bring this spending under control, without compromising on the quality of the systems purchased.  This is not the first time Congress has tried to reform the defense acquisition process. Nor will it likely be the last. But it is an important step at a critical time.  The legislation would create an independent director of cost assessment who would verify the estimated cost of a program before allowing it to go forward.  It builds in additional checkpoints to help make sure that programs are ready on time.  It enhances the R&D capabilities at the Department of Defense. Numerous studies have found that the R&D capabilities of the Army, Navy, and Air Force are in desperate need of strengthening.  It requires defense contractors to build a strong wall between their R&D and construction offices when both offices work on the same defense project.  Finally, it gives combatant commanders more authority to procure products that meet the immediate needs of troops in theater.  Secretary Gates has been rightly frustrated with the inability of the regular procurement process to field equipment, like MRAPs, that are needed immediately by troops on the ground. This legislation will help change that.  I commend Senators Levin and McCain for their leadership in developing this thoughtful and needed legislation. I look forward to its being signed into law by President Obama.  