President, I just offered that to the Republican side, and they asked me for permission and I gave permission, unanimous consent.  We will speak as long as we like. We will enter into a colloquy. I hope the Senator from Louisiana will reconsider.  Let me try to address a few of the issues that have been raised on the Senate floor. First, on the issue of medical malpractice, this is an issue often brought up on the other side of the aisle.  The first thing I would like to say is this is the bill we are debating. It is 2,074 pages, and one extra page makes it 2075 pages. It has taken us a year to put this together. There have been a series of committee hearings that have led to the creation of this legislation. It has been posted on the Web site for anyone interested. If they go to Google, for example, and put in ``Senate Democrats,'' they will be led to a Web site which will let them read every word of this bill. It has now been out there for 12 days at least, and it will continue to be there for review by anyone interested.  If you then Google ``Senate Republicans'' and go to their Web site on health care and look for the Senate Republican health care reform bill, you will find--this bill, the Democratic bill, because there is no Senate Republican health care bill. For a year, and with an enormous number of speeches, they have come to the floor and talked about health care but have never sat down and prepared a bill to deal with the health care system, which leads us to several conclusions.  This is hard work and they have not engaged in that hard work. It is easier to be critical of this work product. They have chosen that route. That is their right to do. This is the Senate. We are the majority party. We are trying to move through a bill. But all of the ideas they have talked about tonight and other evenings have not resulted in a bill.  Second, it may be that they do not want to see a change in the current system; they are happy with the health care system as it exists today. That is possible. In fact, I think it drives some of them to the point where they criticize our bill but do not want to change the system because they like it.  I guess there are some things to like about it. There are good hospitals and doctors in America. Some people are doing very well with the current system. But we also know there are some big problems. We know the current system is not affordable. We know the cost of health insurance has gone up 131 percent in the last 10 years; that 10 years ago a family of four paid about $6,000 a year for health insurance. Now that is up to $12,000 a year. We anticipate in 8 years or so it will be up to $24,000 a year. Roughly 40 percent or more of a person's gross income will be paid in health insurance.  That is absolutely unsustainable. So businesses are unable to offer health insurance as well as individuals are unable to buy health insurance. The Republicans have not proposed anything, nothing that will make health insurance more affordable. This bill addresses that issue. They have nothing.  Second, we know there are about 50 million Americans without health insurance. These are people who work for businesses that cannot afford to offer a benefits package. They are people who are recently unemployed, and they are people in such low-income categories they cannot afford to buy their own health insurance, and their children--50 million. This bill we have before us will give coverage to 94 percent of the people in America, the largest percentage of people insured in the history of our country.  The Republicans have failed to produce a bill that expands coverage for anyone in America. Under the Republican approach, nothing would be done to help the 50 million uninsured.  The third issue is one about health insurance companies. Everybody has an experience there. It is, unfortunately, not good for most, because when you pay premiums all your life and then need the health insurance, many times it is not there. What we do is give consumers bargaining power and a fighting chance with health insurance. That, to me, is a reasonable approach. It eliminates discrimination against people because of a preexisting condition and putting caps on theamount of money that is being paid. We extend the coverage for children under family health plans from age 24 to age 26. We do things that give people peace of mind that when they need health insurance for themselves and their family it will be there.  The Republicans fail to offer anything that deals with health insurance reform. That is a fact. They have said a lot about Medicare.  I would like to tell you that tomorrow, or soon, I will be cosponsoring and Senator Bennet of Colorado will be offering an amendment which could not be clearer on the issue of this bill and the Medicare Program. The amendment is so short and brief and direct and understandable, I want to read a couple of highlights:       Nothing in the provisions of, or amendments made by, this      Act shall result in the reduction of guaranteed benefits      under title XVIII of the Social Security Act.  That is Medicare. What Senator Bennet is saying is that people will have their Medicare benefits guaranteed. Nothing in this bill will infringe on their Medicare benefits, despite everything that has been said.  The Bennet amendment goes on to say:       Savings generated for the Medicare program under title      XVIII of the Social Security Act under the provisions of, and      amendments made by, this Act shall extend the solvency of the      Medicare trust funds, reduce Medicare premiums and other      cost-sharing for beneficiaries, and improve or expand      guaranteed Medicare benefits and protect access to Medicare      providers.  All of the speeches made in the last 3 days about how this bill threatens Medicare--it does not--will be completely cleared up by the Bennet amendment. I hope some Republicans who have a newfound love of the Medicare Program, which was started many years ago, will join us in voting for this amendment. It would be great to see if their speeches to save Medicare will result in their votes for the Bennet amendment. This is a critically important amendment. I commend him for being so straightforward and showing real leadership on an issue of this magnitude.  I know the Senator from Vermont is interested in speaking. I am prepared to yield for comments and questions. Before I do, I wish to say by way of introduction that we heard one of our Republican colleagues say this is a single-payer bill, that at the end of the day we will have created a single-payer system. I think the Senator from Vermont is familiar with the concept of single payer, and I would invite his comments or questions through the Chair to me about his feelings on this issue.  