The fact is, each of us has to accept the reality here. We don't always get what we want. I have been denied opportunities in conferences for things I cared for.  One of them, for example, was to say the Federal Government was going to make up the difference in pay from activated Federal workers who served in our Guard and Reserve. Year after year it would be adopted on the Senate floor and killed in conference by the chairman from Alaska. Did I stop the money for the Department of Defense because of that? Of course not. I said: Tomorrow is another day and I will fight for it another day. But to stop the bill and say we are going to hold on for 30 hours or more because I didn't get my amendment in conference?  When it comes to the unemployment benefit, we are paying for these the same way every President has paid for them, through the FUTA tax. It is paid for. Frankly, it should be. These are people who paid into unemployment compensation for the day when they would need it and now the money is coming back out to pay them. But some people here have a different theory how they want to pay for it. So hundreds of thousands of unemployed Americans are waiting for the latest Republican theory on how to finance unemployment benefits. It is cold comfort to them to know we are having this great academic debate when a question about food on the table and taking care of their family is No. 1 in their minds. That is the problem with what has happened here.  You can always dream up a reason to vote no. You can always dream up a better idea. But at some point the business of government has to get on. People count on us--in this case, hundreds of thousands of unemployed people.  Let me say a word about public option, and then I will yield the floor back to the Senator from New Mexico. If we didn't get the message loudly and clearly Monday night about the public option when the health insurance industry threatened us and said: If you pass health care reform, we are going to raise your premiums, if the message didn't come through loudly and clearly that they not only have the power to do that, we empowered them to do it in ways no other company can because they are exempt from antitrust laws, the only way to keep them honest is to make sure health care reform does not disadvantage workers and businesses and families is to have a not-for-profit option, a public option that people can choose for health insurance. I fully support that public option. Those who say I am not sure if I would go that far have to accept the reality. Health insurance, private health insurance companies will impose premiums, they will fix prices because they can--they are exempt under McCarran-Ferguson--and they can allocate marketplaces so they can own markets. They are in a dominant position. The only thing that can stop them is competition and the only competition that can work is a public option, one that comes in and is not profit driven but tries to provide quality care for people at affordable cost. I fully support the public option. I thank the Senator from New Mexico for yielding.  