President, I acknowledge what my colleague said, and I don't dispute it. I don't recall those particular deputies or their names, but I certainly don't question the facts he has given.  How can you look at David Hayes for this spot, after 30 years of experience, after having held the job before, after actively working with Republicans and Democrats to resolve contentious issues, and say this man is not qualified for the job? I don't get it. I am waiting for the smoking gun to come out. What is this explosive issue that the Republicans know that would hold up this nomination, and they can't come up with it?  Unfortunately, it is part of a pattern. This isn't just about David Hayes, it is about another 18 names sitting on our calendar here--18 names of individuals who are willing to give up their private careers, willing to come to work here in Washington, sometimes for a cut in pay, under difficult circumstances, to serve this new administration and try to change this country. They make the commitment, they get the decision by the family, they come forward, they go through the nomination process, they fill out reams of paper, they sit through the committees and finally get approved by the committees, they get on the calendar, and what happens, usually? Not in this case because Senator Bennett has been very public about his opposition. Usually it is an anonymous hold by some Republican Senator, fearful of using his name publicly, who will hold up the nomination indefinitely. These poor people languish on this calendar. I commend Senator Bennett for standing up and stating his opposition. Although I don't agree with it, at least he has had the courage to come forward. That is not the case on many of these.  This is the pattern that is emerging: Slow things down, force us to a vote, and when the vote finally comes, it is an overwhelming vote in favor of the nominee. The sole purpose is to try to stop the new Obama administration from putting in place the team they need to bring real change to America. President Obama said repeatedly during his campaign that real change is hard to come by, that it takes time and there will be people who will fight it every step of the way. We are seeing one of those battles on the floor of the Senate today when it comes to David Hayes.  For goodness' sake, give President Obama and Secretary Salazar the people they need to be successful in the Department of the Interior. I urge my colleagues to support the cloture motion and to move this nomination forward.  I yield the floor.  