President, because a lot has been said in this health care debate that needs to be clarified. I have been on the floor--how many times--when the Republican leadership has come to the floor and told us that if we are not careful in health care reform, we will end up with a government-run health insurance program. They have warned us: Be careful. Government run health insurance, it is socialism, too much government. I am waiting for the first Republican Senator to come to the floor and say: So we should abolish Medicare; we ought to get rid of Medicaid, which is for the poorest people, and we ought to get rid of veterans health care, another government program, and the Children's Health Insurance Program that makes health insurance affordable all across the United States. If one follows the Republican logic, they are all government health insurance programs.  Traditionally, the Republican Party has not embraced the concept. Let's be honest about it. They have a different view. They would like government to step aside and let the market work its will. Have you noticed what the market is working? The market is working its will in health insurance, and we are seeing private, for-profit health insurance companies making a fortune, denying one out of five people the coverage they thought they had, raising their costs every single year. That is the reality of the private market.  When it comes to Medicare, a program created under President Lyndon Johnson more than 40 years ago, 45 million Americans have the peace of mind to know they have basic health insurance protection. Do you know who these people are? They are folks who worked their whole lives, paid money out of their paychecks to be part of Medicare so that they would have not only the peace of mind but quality health care in their retirement years. It is not just the peace of mind of having access to good health care, it is the peace of mind of knowing that all the money you worked for your entire life to save, the money you wanted to live on in comfort after retirement would not disappear because of medical bills. Medicare gives people peace of mind and protects their assets so they can live independently, comfortably, in the kind of style most of us dream of for all Americans who have worked so hard for many years.  We hear the other side tell us how bad those government health insurance programs are. The administrative costs of Medicare are dramatically lower than the cost of private health insurance. It is obvious. Medicare is a not-for-profit entity. It is managed at a cost of about 3 percent. Do you know what happens with health insurance companies? They load up with costs for profit. They load up with costs for advertising and marketing.  They load up with people who get on the telephone to say: No--no to your doctor. You know what I am talking about. When the doctor says: I think the best thing for you is this procedure, and you are under private health insurance, that last stop in that medical decision is not at the hospital or in the doctor's office; the last stop is a long-distance phone call to some clerk sitting out in Omaha, NE, with a manual in front of him or her, and the first words at the top of the page say: Say no. Raise questions. Tell them you will get back to them.  Am I making this up? I am not. I have example after example from my home State of Illinois, from people I have met during the course of my service in the Senate and the House, and people I met this last summer who will verify that.  So when the Republicans come to the floor to criticize us and say they are the guardians of Medicare, it does not square with their traditional position of opposing Medicare, with their efforts to cut Medicare over the years and the fact that when we talk about Medicare and its future, they are nowhere to be found.  This is a critical health care debate we are facing. I admit the President has stuck his neck out a mile. It takes some courage to do it because he knows it is a controversial issue. President Obama said to us in a joint session of Congress: If this were easy somebody would have done it a long time ago. But he is going to take this on, and he said to us publicly and privately he will spend every penny of political capital he has to get it done. It means that much to him and to our Nation.  So for seniors this is a critical debate. A lot of seniors are being misled by things that are downright awful. I saw the videotape. This Republican Congresswoman went to the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives and said that: Oh, these Democrats want to create death panels. Sarah Palin said that those death panels would take the life of one of her children or something. That is an outrageous statement and not true.  Do you know what they are talking about? They are talking about an amendment offered by a Georgia Senator--a Republican Georgia Senator--Johnny Isakson--a reasonable amendment. Do you know what it said? Under our health care reform, people should be allowed to go to a doctor and, in privacy and in confidence, sit down and say the words that need to be said--words like: Listen, I don't want to be hooked up to some machine. When the time comes, I want to go peacefully. I don't want extraordinary things done for me. That is my wish and, doctor, I want you to know that wish. I am going to tell my family, but I want you to know.  Is that an important conversation? Any one of us--and so many of us fit in this category, who have been through one of those situations with a parent, a member of our family, or someone we love--wants to know what they want.  So Senator Isakson proposed that amendment. It was a thoughtful, reasonable amendment that we brought into this debate. What happened to it? You know what happened: death panels. Oh, they are going in there. They are going to mandate that they pull the plug on Granny. That is sad. It is unfortunate. It shows a lack of maturity and judgment by those who are making those charges. And we have heard them from the halls of Congress and outside. What we are talking about here is health care reform this country needs but health care reform that will actually benefit Medicare beneficiaries.  As shown on this chart, this is basically what we hope to do for seniors when it comes to health insurance reform.  First, we want to lower the cost of medicine. Ask seniors about Medicare's prescription drug plan, and they will tell you: Well, it is good, but if you have a lot of drugs and they are very expensive--somehow or other Congress dreamed up something called the ``doughnut hole.'' What it basically means is, for some period of time each year, those seniors who need drug protection the most are on their own. They have to start spending out of their pocket. We close the doughnut hole, lowering the cost of medicine for seniors under Medicare.  We provide for that free yearly checkup that can make all the difference in the world. A senior who gets to go in and check up with the doctor regularly is one who is likely going tospot something before it becomes serious where it can be treated successfully. That makes good sense. Seniors across America will appreciate that. That is part of our plan.  Preventive care is free. We are talking about mammograms, colonoscopies, blood tests for prostate cancer. These things will be free under the health care reform we are talking about for senior citizens and for virtually everyone in America.  Giving doctors who treat seniors compensation for the care they are providing. We want doctors who are professional enough to include Medicare patients in their practice to be compensated fairly.  Finally, cut waste from Medicare. I want to say a word about this. I got on this ``Meet The Press'' program. I get on there once in a while on Sunday mornings. I think they put me on because I am free. But for whatever reason, I was on there, and I was in debate with Newt Gingrich. You know Newt Gingrich, former Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives, the spokesman for many parts of his party today.  I said: It bothers me when people say health care reform is going to cut Medicare. Let me tell you what we have in mind. A few years ago, the private insurance companies came to us and said: We can do a better job at a lower cost in providing Medicare benefits. Well, some people were skeptical.  They said: Let us prove it. The government is doing this all wrong. Let the private health insurance companies do it. We will show you, and we will call it Medicare Advantage.  Off they went providing these Medicare Advantage programs that were to match the benefits under Medicare. The jury came in a few years later, and, do you know what, many of these plans cost up to 14 percent more than Medicare. They did not save us money. It ended up these private health insurance companies not only did not make their point about being cheaper, they cost the taxpayers more money than we should have paid out. They did not provide additional benefits for Medicare recipients that they needed.  They want us to continue to subsidize these private health insurance companies that have failed in their offer to beat Medicare at its own game. So when we say, and the President says, we want to cut the subsidy to health insurance companies under Medicare, that is what he and we are talking about. If they did not keep their end of the bargain to provide medical care at the same cost or less cost than Medicare, why should we continue to subsidize them? I do not think we should.  I said that on the show, and the next person to speak was former Speaker Newt Gingrich, who said: Well, that proves our point. Durbin wants to cut Medicare.  Well, fortunately for me, Dr. Howard Dean, the former Governor of Vermont, was on the panel, and he corrected him. He said: Mr. Gingrich, he didn't say cut Medicare. He said cut the subsidy to the health insurance companies that are taking advantage of Medicare to profiteer, take that extra money and provide the kind of care we need for seniors, and make sure, in the process, we save the Medicare Program.  Untouched, our Medicare Program is going to suffer from the same thing everybody else suffers from in America: the escalating cost of health care. We have to do something. We have to keep our promise, not only to the seniors today, but to the many who will come after them, that Medicare will be there when they need it, that when they reach the age of 65, they will have the peace of mind of knowing they can still go to their doctor, still go to their hospital, get quality care, and not have a catastrophic illness that wipes out their savings.  This is a debate which is worth getting into. I hope those who follow it understand this party on this side of the aisle fought to create Medicare, fought to protect Medicare, and now is fighting to save Medicare. Do not let those who come before us, misleading us about what we are trying to achieve here, mislead the American people.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  