President, there is a saying in Iowa; that is, that any old mule can kick down a barn door, but it takes a carpenter to build one. I would modify that slightly and say any old elephant can kick down a barn door, but it takes a carpenter to build one.  We are debating health care reform. The American people are following us closely because it affects every single one of us in this room, everyone in the galleries, and everyone watching. This is one of the few issues we will debate which you can bet is going to affect you and your family personally. It is rare that an issue comes before us of this gravity and an issue that reaches every single person in America. It may be the biggest single issue we have ever tackled on the floor of the Senate in terms of its scope and its impact on the future of every single one of us.  For more than a year, a lot of people have been working hard to come up with a piece of legislation that will have a positive impact on health care in America. It has involved lengthy committee hearings. The Presiding Officer is a member of the Senate Finance Committee. They sat in meetings hour after weary hour, day after weary day, considering amendments before they produced a bill that is part of what we have before us today.  The Senator from Iowa is part of that same committee. I understand he met personally over 60 times with Democratic Senators and a few from his own side trying to see if we could come up with some kind of bipartisan approach. I commend him for his good-faith effort in doing that.  There is another committee, the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, that spent even more days in deliberation on a bill, considered over 100 different amendments, adopted over 100 Republican amendments to the bill, and not one single Republican Senator would then vote for the bill--not one. One Senator, Senator Snowe of Maine, voted for the Senate Finance Committee bill. One Republican Senator voted for that version of the bill.  What we have today--and I wish to slightly modify the remarks of my friend from Iowa--is a 2,074-page bill with a 1-page add. This is Senator Reid's amendment to use it as a substitute. So it is 2,075 pages, created by these two committees in the Senate and a similar endeavor taking place in the House.  For at least 10 days, this bill, in its entirety, has been available for public review. I ask anyone interested who wants to read this bill, as every Member should, to go to the Senate Democratic Web site. If you Google ``Senate Democrats,'' you will find it and you will find this bill in its entirety, every single word of it, sitting out there to be read and reviewed, as it should be.  Then I invite you, for comparison's sake, to go to the Senate Republican Web site to look at the bill produced by the Senate Republican side. Take a look at the Senate Republican health care reform bill. Take a look at what they propose to change--the health care system in America. Look at the Senate Republican proposals for making health insurance more affordable. Look at the Senate Republican proposals for dealing with health insurance companies which deny you coverage because of preexisting conditions. Take a look at the Senate Republican approach to pass health care reform and not add to the deficit. I am afraid you will be disappointed because, as the Senator from Iowa knows, when you go to the Senate Republican Web site, there is no Senate Republican bill. In fact, what you will find on the Senate Republican Web site is the Democratic bill.  For more than a year, while we have labored to produce this monumental, historic legislation, our Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle have not broken a sweat to produce their own answer to this challenge facing America. All they can do is come before us and criticize this bill. Any old mule can kick down a barn door, but it takes a carpenter to build one.  We have been working for over a year--almost a year--to build this health care reform package. Here is what we know. We just received a report from the Congressional Budget Office, which is akin to the referee up here. This is an agency that takes a look at what we do and tells us whether it is going to reduce the deficit, add to the deficit, reach its stated goal or fail to reach it. It is maddening sometimes to have this separate agency kind of looking over your shoulder, but they do. They reported just yesterday that this bill will make health insurance more affordable for many Americans and will not add to the costs for many others.  I wish it would do more. I wish it would bring down costs dramatically, even more. But for weeks and months we have heard from the Republican side that our health care reform proposal would run premiums sky high. It turns out they were wrong. This bill we have produced moves us toward more affordable health insurance. Every American who pays any attention to the cost of health insurance knows that is absolutely essential. In the last 10 years, health insurance premiums have gone up 131 percent in America. Ten years ago, a family could have bought health insurance for about $6,000 a year. Now they buy it on average for about $12,000 a year. In 7 or 8 years it will go up to $24,000 a year in premiums, projecting it will eat up 40 percent of your income for health insurance in just 8 or 10 years.  That is an impossible situation. We know it is. It is unsustainable. Businesses can't offer health insurance that expensive. Individuals can't buy health insurance that expensive. So if we do nothing we will reach a situation where the current health care system in America will start to collapse. I do not want to stand idly by and let that happen; neither does President Obama. He has challenged us to address it and address it honestly.  On the other side of the aisle, the Senate Republicans have not produced a bill, a proposal, an alternative which will make health insurance more affordable--nothing. They come before us in criticism of what we have done, and yet they cannot produce a bill.  I might also tell you the same Congressional Budget Office tells us the bill we put together will actually reduce the Federal deficit over the next 10 years by at least $130 billion. This bill, this 2,075-page bill, will cut more deficit than any piece of legislation we have ever enacted in Congress.  The Senator from Iowa is concerned about our national debt. So am I. Where is the Senate Republican proposal for health care reform that is going to reduce America's deficit? Incidentally, the same Congressional Budget Office says in the second 10 years--think that far in advance--this approach will reduce the Federal deficit by another $650 billion.  I ask the Senator from Iowa, with all his concern about the Federal deficit, where is the Senate Republican bill that will reduce the Federal deficit by $750 billion over 20 years?  The answer, I am sorry to tell you, is it does not exist. They either have not or cannot write a bill. They are legislators, but frankly they have come here to be critical of what we have done and will not offer a substitute or an alternative.  There is something else this bill does. It is a travesty in America today that almost 50 million people do not have health insurance. A lot of these folks are children. A lot of them are people in low-wage jobs with no benefits. A lot of them are the newly unemployed. These are 50 million of our neighbors in America who go to sleep at night without the peace of mind of having health insurance protection.  In my life it happened once: newly married, college student, baby on the way, no health insurance, and our baby had a problem. I ended up carrying, for 8 years, medical bills that I slowly paid off year after year. That goes back many years ago, as you might imagine, but it was troubling and heartbreaking to be the father of a child and not have health insurance; to sit at Children's Memorial Hospital in Washington, in the room that was set aside for people without health insurance, and wait until my number was called to bring my wife and my baby in for a checkup. I didn't have health insurance. I never felt more helpless in my life.  Fifty million Americans go to bed each night with that feeling. They don't have health insurance. What does this bill, this 2,075-page bill, do about it? It extends the coverage of health insurance, the peace of mind and protection of health insurance to 94 percent of Americans. It is the largest extension of health insurance in our history.  Where is the Republican alternative that offers coverage for 94 percent of Americans? It doesn't exist. They have not written that bill. They don't know how to write that bill. They do know how to come and criticize this bill, but they cannot produce a bill which covers 94 percent of Americans and provides tax credits and tax assistance to help those Americans pay their premiums.  If you are making under poverty wages, let's say you are making less than $14,000 a year--and I have friends of mine in my State who are--you are covered by Medicaid. You don't pay premiums. The Federal Government compensates the States and pays the premiums. All the way up to about $80,000 for a family of four, we provide credits and help to pay the premiums, as we should, because premiums can break the bank not only for businesses but for families.  There is also something we do in this bill I never hear from the other side of the aisle--and I will tell you why in just a second. We give consumers across America a fighting chance when the health insurance company goes to war with you. Do you know what I am talking about? If somebody in your family gets sick, you know it is going to require a hospitalization or surgery and you know the cost is going to go sky high, and you say: Thank goodness, I have health insurance. You make the claim and the health insurance company comes back and says: We dispute the claim. We are not paying. People say: Wait a minute, I have been paying health insurance premiums for years just for this day, and you are telling me I don't have coverage?  It happens thousands and thousands of times each day. Do you know why? Health insurance companies are profitable when they say no. What are the reasons for saying no? ``You failed to disclose a preexisting condition when you applied for the insurance.'' It turns out they go to ridiculous extremes to find an excuse not to provide coverage.  We also know what happens when you lose a job. You can't take your insurance with you, by and large. We know when your child reaches the age of 24 they are no longer carried on your family health insurance. Those are the realities of health insurance companies saying no. I have yet to hear the first Republican Senator come to the floor and say that is outrageous and it has to change. We have to tackle the health insurance industry because the health insurance industry opposes this bill.  The health insurance industry believes their profitability and their future depend on saying no. This bill starts saying to these companies: You can't say no based on a preexisting condition, based on lifetime limit, based on losing a job. And we cover kids through the age of 26. We extend the family coverage to children of that age, and you know that is only sensible because a lot of kids are going to college and getting out without jobs. You want them covered by your family health insurance plan. This bill does it.  Republicans have yet to produce one bill, just one, on health care reform to take on the health insurance industry. Instead, what they have come to do, and the pending amendment by the Senator from Arizona leads with this, is to protect the health insurance companies. The first thing the motion to commit does, from the Senator from Arizona, is to instruct the committee, the Senate Finance Committee, to protect a program called Medicare Advantage.  This is a great idea for health insurance companies and not a great idea for most seniors or taxpayers in America. Allow me to explain. The health insurance companies came to us several years ago and said Medicare is a bureaucratic mess. The government cannot run these programs. We are in the private sector. We understand competition. Let us compete with Medicare.  They were given the right to do that. Private health insurance companies were given the right to write health insurance that provides Medicare benefits. They said they could do it more cheaply and, in fact, some of them did. But at the end of the day, after years of watching them, it turned out these Medicare Advantage policies cost 14 percent more--not less, 14 percent more--than government-administered Medicare Programs. In other words, we were subsidizing health insurance companies, paying them more for the same Medicare coverage people already had received.  They loved it. Thousands and thousands of Americans are now covered by Medicare Advantage with these great subsidies coming from the Federal Government. Talk about an earmark, Senator, 14 percent--what an earmark that is, a subsidy given to the private health insurance companies.  Mr. McCAIN. Will the Senator yield for a question? Since the Senator mentioned my name, will he yield for a question?  