President, I wish to say a few words about my friendship and my admiration for the retiring Senator from the State of Florida. I didn't know Senator Martinez before he came to the Senate. I think the first time I had an insight into who he was and what he brought to the Senate was at a Prayer Breakfast, when Senator Martinez explained to a number of us how he happened to be an American. He was one of the fortunate few who escaped from Cuba under the tyranny of the Castro regime and was given a chance to come to Florida. He told me and others how difficult it was, struggling with a language he didn't know. He explained that one of the real saviors for him was the fact that he was a good athlete so he was able to play many sports, make many friends, and learn English in the process. He became not only an integral part of that community in Florida but an integral part of America's political future.  In his story of growing up in Florida, his family--his wife Kitty and his children--mean the world to him. When I heard he was retiring, I called from Illinois to reach him and wish him the best. I asked, as everyone would: Why? He said: It is all about my family.  I wish to tell the Senator I salute him for that. It takes an extraordinary amount of courage for a person to give up the adulation and the heady atmosphere of the Senate, to remember what is most important in their lives.  I also thank him for his extraordinary courage and helpfulness on so many issues, particularly when it came to issues of immigration. I know Senator Martinez feels this personally. This is something that he has been through himself and he knows so many others alike who are looking for that chance to prove to America that they can make a contribution.  Senator Martinez has been an outspoken supporter of the DREAM Act, which was an opportunity for younger people to have their chance in America. I thank the Senator for that. I know it was not easy because there are many critics, as the Senator you told me, who would come forward and tell him what a bad idea it was. But the Senator's courage in standing for that is an indication of the kind of person he is.  Florida is going to lose a great Senator in Mel Martinez. America is going to lose an important voice in the Senate. But I don't think we have heard the last of Mel Martinez. I think his contribution, whether as a citizen or some other walk of life in public service, is in the future.  I am honored to count you as a friend and colleague in the Senate. I wish you and your family the very best.  