What the Senator from Oklahoma says is:       What the American people ought to pray is that somebody      can't make the vote tonight. That's what they ought to pray.  I do not think it is appropriate to be invoking prayer to wish misfortune on a colleague. I want him to clarify that. I have invited him. I tried to reach out to him. He is my friend and I have worked with him. But this statement goes too far.  The simple reality is this. We are becoming more coarse and more divided. It is understandable we would disagree on political issues. That happens all the time. But, unfortunately, we have allowed that political disagreement to spill over into our personal relationships and friendships and that does hurt this institution.  We rely on one another on both sides of the aisle so much. I would say from the start that Senator Reid has offered the Republican side of the aisle accommodations and asked we try to do things that might help the families and individuals in the Senate, and we have not had any luck to date.  Hope springs eternal. I hope Senator Coburn can make it to the floor to explain his statement. Earlier this week, there was a prayercast involving several Senators--I did not hear it; I only heard references to it--where they were actually in a group praying for the defeat of this legislation on health care reform. It is their right to do that.  I can recall as a high school football player saying a prayer my team would win a football game. I don't know if God had any time to worry about my little football game. But when it reaches a point where we are praying, asking people to pray that Senators won't be able to answer a rollcall, I think it has crossed the line. I hope my friend and colleague from Oklahoma will come and explain exactly what he meant.  I wish the bill before us were different. I wish it had a strong public option. I wish it offered Medicare to people 55 years and older. I wish it eliminated the McCarran-Ferguson antitrust exemption for health insurance companies. Unfortunately, it does not do those things.  My disappointment over those elements should not lead me to conclude this bill is wanting or bad. The opposite is true. We have to look to the positive side of what this legislation will do.  This health care reform will extend the reach of health insurance coverage to 30 million more Americans. I see on the floor this evening my colleague from Arizona. He and I were on a television show early this morning. I am sure we got great ratings because thepublic can't wait to hear us, but during the course of that television show, the Senator from Arizona expressed concern that 20 million Americans would not be covered by our bill.  Interesting, isn't it? Today 50 million Americans are not insured; 50 million Americans are uninsured. This bill will provide insurance for 30 million more, meaning 94 percent of Americans will have coverage, the highest percentage in the history of our country. The Senator from Arizona says it does not go far enough to include more people.  We have waited patiently now for 21 days during the course of this debate on health care reform for the Republican plan for reforming health care. It has never been produced. Promised but never produced. I think the reason is obvious. It does not exist. Several times they have said on the floor: We have a plan, and they will wave a bill at us. When the Republicans had a chance over a 3-week period of time to offer their substitute, they never did. In fact, in over 20 days of active debate on the floor, there were exactly four Republican amendments on health care reform. Four in 20 days, 1 every 5 days. At that rate, how long would the Republicans have us stay on the floor waiting for the next amendment?  That is the reality. They offered six motions to stop the debate, remove the bill from the floor, and send it back to committee. Of course, when it came to actual substantive amendments changing sections of the bill, they would not do it. So the Republicans have come up empty. They are running on empty when it comes to health care reform which means this task of writing a bill is either beyond their pay grade or beyond their will and they like the system as it exists.  I do not. Fifty million uninsured Americans is unacceptable in this country. I think we have to reach a point where we move forward with 30 million now and then find ways to bring in the additional 20 million. Remember, when Social Security was enacted into law, with the resistance of the Republicans--they resisted it saying it is too much government--the safety net extended to widows. We extended in years that followed Social Security protection to dependents, survivors, and the disabled and we added a cost-of-living adjustment.  It was not the end of Social Security in the 1930s. In the years that followed, we built on the original bill and we will build on this original model of health care reform. The same thing is true under Medicare. Medicare as originally offered did not cover disabled people. It did not provide home health care, therapy, or prescription drugs. Over the years, we added those benefits.  I believe this is an important starting point. I also think it is important we provide insurance protection for Americans. When it comes right down to it, too many people are denied the therapies, the surgeries, the medications their doctors recommend because some clerk in an office at a health insurance company is instructed to just say no, and they say no repeatedly.  We also make sure that patients are first, even with our additional amendment guaranteeing the right of people to pick their doctor and keep their doctor. It is a patient-first approach that we are using on this bill.  We hold the health insurance companies accountable and say if they turn around and gouge the patients before they want to be part of the insurance exchange, they can be disqualified. We saw what happened with credit card reform. When the banks had their way after the passage of credit card reform and during the period before it went into law, they ran up the interest rates on credit cards. I got letters in the mail from American Express and others saying: Incidentally, because of the new Federal law, we are going to raise your interest rate on your credit card over 20 percent. We know some of these merchants, given enough time, will capitalize on that time and try to exploit that system. Our bill is going to go after them.  The medical loss ratio is an important part in the bill. I am sure the health insurance companies are not going to be happy with it. It says: Stop taking those premium dollars and turning them into administrative expenses, advertising, bonuses for CEOs' high-paid salaries. Take the money and pay for medical services for the people you insure. If you do not, if you take too much of this money for profiteering, you are going to have to rebate it to your customers. It is changing the balance, giving customers a chance when it comes to health insurance--something that is long overdue.  We extend the health care safety net in this bill. Mr. President, 1.8 million people in my home State of Illinois will have access to affordable health insurance. I have met them. They are hard-working people, small businesses, part-time employees, unemployed people--none of them has health insurance. Again, 1.8 million in my State of almost 13 million are going to have the chance to be covered.  We will have 10,000 more community health centers.  I cannot tell you what an exciting idea this is. If you visit a community health center in Arizona or Illinois, you know what I am talking about. This is a clinic in a neighborhood, usually, or small town where people can literally walk through the front door and get access to primary care physicians who will help them through their medical difficulties. They do not have to wait until they are so bad they end up in an emergency room where costs are dramatically higher. They have a doctor, a nurse, a medical professional, a dentist right there in their community. We estimate this bill will add 10,000 more community health clinics across the United States. That is going to be a dramatic change.  It also will create the opportunity for 20,000 more primary care physicians across America. If there is anything more we need, it is family care, internists who can deal with the medical needs of people before they are referred to a specialist or before their situation has deteriorated.  This bill is going to provide for all people under 133 percent of poverty--that is about $29,000 for a family of four--the security of knowing they are under Medicaid protection without health insurance costs, without health insurance premiums. We will say to those working poor people: You are going to have health insurance. We also believe that progress is going to take some time.  I recall that Senator Teddy Kennedy, who I wish were here for this great battle for which he prepared for four decades, said in his book ``True Compass'' toward the end that real reform is never over. It is not. This is a beginning. It is an important beginning. It establishes important principles.  I say to the critics, we don't expect every aspect of this bill to work perfectly. It is an imperfect product made by mere humans trying to do their best. But some of the things in this bill are going to dramatically change health care in America for the better. We are going to find ways to deliver quality care to people in a cost-effective way. We are going to change parts of our system today which, unfortunately, under this current system are out of control. The costs are out of control.  Moving coverage to an additional 30 million people, 94 percent of Americans under coverage, something no other bill from either side of the aisle has proposed, reducing our deficit--incidentally, we now have a CBO statement which makes it clear that the budget savings in the second 10 years--the first 10 years is $130 billion; the second 10 years is up to $1.3 trillion. They qualified it, but it still is the most dramatic deficit reduction bill in the history of the United States. There has never been a bill that has come before us that reduces our deficit so dramatically.  It reduces it because it works. It brings down the cost of health care. As far as Medicare is concerned, this bill will add at least 9 years of life to Medicare. Medicare, which is going to face serious financial problems in about 7 or 8 years, has a new lease on life with this bill of 9 or 10 years.  To say this saves Medicare and puts it on sound footing is a fact that has been confirmed by the Congressional Budget Office, all the speeches on the floor notwithstanding.  This bill is also going to move us forward in the whole area of looking at ways to deal with medical negligence and medical malpractice. We provide incentives and grants to States to find ways, without penalizing the true victims of medical malpractice, to reduce the incidence of lawsuits, to reduce defensive medicine. That is a conscientious and thoughtful way to approach this.  I would say, if I were to ask anyone to offer a prayer--and I don't do that very often--I would say a prayer for the 50 million uninsured Americans, folks who go to bed without peace of mind that they have health insurance for themselves and their families. I would say a prayer for those turned down by health insurance companies when their doctor says they need a certain therapy or a certain medication or a certain surgery. Those are the people I think of. I pray good fortune for them. I do not pray for misfortune for anyone in the Senate--not for any of my colleagues, not for any of my political opponents. I do not think that is appropriate use of prayer to do that.  I am sorry, as I bring this to an end, that the Senator from Oklahoma has not been able to come to the floor. I have tried now on several occasions through the cloakroom and other ways to invite him to come and explain his remarks. I am troubled when he says the American people ought to pray that somebody can't make the vote tonight. I pray for everybody. I don't pray for misfortune for anyone in the Senate. Let's have the vote. Let's have all 100 Senators here voting their conscience, voting their heart.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  