That is all I will get from the Senator from Texas, close. But the fact is that Senator Hatch said to the CBO, what if we had the Texas-style cap on every State in the Union, what would be the net result? They came back and said there would be a savings of over $50 billion over the next 10 years. They said 40 percent of the savings would come from lower medical liability premiums, 60 percent through reduced utilization of health care services.  I don't question the Congressional Budget Office reaching that conclusion. They worked hard to come up with their figures. But there are other ways to reach results they want to achieve of lowering medical liability premiums and saving overall health care expenditures rather than adopting Federal damage caps. Keep in mind, these caps on what you can recover are for people who have been judged by a jury of their peers to have been victims. These are not people who have said I think I was hurt. We are talking about people who have a right to recovery in a lawsuit who are being told even though you were hurt, and somebody did something wrong, we are going to limit how much you can be paid when it comes to these noneconomic losses.  The CBO analysis that Senator Hatch received went on to say:       Because medical malpractice laws exist to allow patients to      sue for damages that result from negligent health care,      imposing limits on that right might be expected to have a      negative impact on health outcomes.  They cited one study which found that a 10-percent reduction in costs related to medical malpractice liability would increase the Nation's overall death rate by .2 percent. By calculation that means that if the Hatch proposal were applied nationwide, according to the CBO--and this is a cited study--4,853 more Americans would be killed each year by medical malpractice--or more than 48,000 Americans over a 10-year period of time that the CBO examines. So if you accept their projection on the savings for medical malpractice reform asked for by Senator Hatch, you cannot escape the fact that they say yes, you will save money, but more Americans will die because there will be more malpractice.  Let's look at the savings that can be achieved through reduced malpractice insurance premiums. The CBO said a $250,000 Federal damage cap would reduce overall malpractice premiums by about 10 percent and would reduce overall health care spending by .2 percent. Do we need a federally mandated cap to achieve that? Malpractice insurance premiums are already going down. According to the Medical Liability Monitor's comprehensive survey of premiums in the areas of internal medicine, general surgery and OB/GYN: ``The most recent three years have shown a leveling and now a reduction in the overall average rate change'' for medical malpractice premiums. There was a time in the early 2000s where malpractice premiums were going up 20 percent a year, in 2003, 2004, and 9 percent in 2005. Since then they have gone down each year by less than 1 percent in 2006, by .4 percent--I am sorry, .4 percent increase in 2007, but a 4.3 percent decrease in 2008. That is without any Federal cap on damages.  Let's also consider the issue of defensive medicine. Many people claim that doctors do things such as order tests to cover themselves because they are afraid of being sued. I agree that there are undoubtedly some doctors who think that way. There was a famous article printed in the New Yorker where a surgeon from Boston, Dr. Gawande, who went to McAllen, TX--you probably saw this, Senator Cornyn--and he wanted to know in this article why in McAllen, TX, they were paying more for Medicare patients than any other place in the United States. So he visited with doctors and surgeons and hospital administrators to ask them why. What is peculiar about that city and its elderly people? He sat down with the doctors, and the first doctor said, Well, it is defensive medicine. We are doing all of these extra tests and extra costs to Medicare to cover ourselves, to protect ourselves. The doctor sitting next to him said, Oh, come on. With the Texas law, nobody is filing malpractice lawsuits around here. We are doing these extra procedures because it is a fee-for-service system. You are paid more when you do more. So at least in this case there was a dispute as to whether this was truly defensive medicine or overbilling.  Dr. Carolyn Clancy, the director for the Agency of Healthcare Research and Quality in the Department of HHS, has called medical errors a national problem of epidemic proportions. According to that agency, the rate of adverse events has risen about 1 percent in each of the past 6 years. The Institute of Medicine estimated in 1999 that up to 98,000 people died in America due to preventable medical errors. These medical errors cost a lot. A 2003 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association found the medical errors in U.S. hospitals in the year 2000--just 1 year--led to approximately 32,600 deaths, 2.4 million extra days of patient hospitalization, and an additional cost of $9.3 billion.  I wish to also say a word about the medical malpractice insurers. Remember, insurance companies and organized baseball are the only two businesses in America exempt from the antitrust laws. What it means is that insurance companies can literally legally sit down and collude and conspire when it comes to the prices they charge, and they do. They have official organizations--one used to be known as the Insurance Services Offices--that would sit down to make sure every insurance company knew what the other insurance company was charging, and they could literally work out the premiums, how much they charge.  The same thing was true in market allocation. Insurance companies, unlike any other business in America, can pick and choose where they will do business: Company X, you take St. Louis; company Y, you take Chicago; company Z, you get Columbus, OH. They can do it legally.  So the obvious question is: If this is not on the square in terms of real competition from health insurance companies, are these companies, in fact, paying out the kind of money they should?  Let me see if I can find a chart here. My staff was kind enough to bring these out. Well, I can't. They are great charts, but I can't find the one I am looking for at this moment.  According to the information of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, in 2008, medical malpractice insurers charged $11.4 billionin premiums, but only paid out $4.1 billion in losses. In other words, they took in $7 billion more than they paid out in losses. That is a loss ratio of 36 percent, which means they are basically collecting $3 for every $1 they pay out--pretty close. How does that compare to the rest of the insurance industry? Well, it turns out that private automobile liability insurance had a loss ratio of 66 percent, a payout of $2 out of every $3; homeowners, 72 percent, workers comp insurance, 65 percent. These medical malpractice insurance companies are holding back premiums and not paying them out. It reached a point in my State where our insurance commissioner ordered that they declare a dividend and pay back some of the premiums they had collected from doctors and hospitals when it came to malpractice insurance.  But rather than get lost in statistics, as important as they are, I think it is important that we also talk about the real life stories that are involved in medical malpractice. I hear these terms such as ``frivolous lawsuits'' and ``jackpot justice'' and people taking advantage of the system, but let's not forget the real life stories that lie behind medical malpractice. Let me show my colleagues a picture here of a couple. This is Molly Akers of New Lenox, IL, a lovely young lady, with her husband. Molly Akers had a swelling in her breast and went to her doctor who performed a biopsy that showed she had breast cancer. Molly had several mammograms which found no evidence of a tumor, but the doctors decided that despite the mammograms, she must have a rare form of breast cancer. They recommended a mastectomy, removing Molly Akers' right breast. After the operation, the doctor called her into the office and said that on further review, she never actually had breast cancer. The radiologist had made a mistake. He reviewed her slides and accidentally switched Molly's slides with someone else. Molly was permanently disfigured by an unnecessary surgery. She said afterwards:       I never thought something like this could happen to me, but      I know now that medical malpractice can ruin your life.  By the way, that other woman whose slides were switched with Molly's was told she was cancer free. What a horrific medical error that turned out to be.  This next picture is of Glenn Steinberg of Chicago. He went into surgery for the removal of a tumor in his abdomen. Ten days after the surgery, while still in the hospital, Glenn was having severe gastrointestinal problems. The doctors x-rayed his abdomen where the original surgery took place, and they found a 4-inch metal retractor from the surgery lodged against his intestine. A second surgery was performed to remove the metal piece, during which Glenn's lungs aspirated, and he died later that night.  Glenn's wife, Mary Steinberg, lost her husband. She said:       Not a day goes by that I don't miss Glenn's companionship      and the joy he brought to our household. Because of gross      negligence, he was not here to support me when my son went      off to serve our country in Iraq.  In this photo is a group of kids, including Martin Hartnett of Chicago. When Martin's mom Donna arrived at the hospital to deliver, her labor wasn't progressing. Her doctor broke her water and found out that it was abnormal.  Rather than considering a C-section, Donna's doctor started to administer a drug to induce contractions. Six hours later, she still hadn't delivered, but her son's fetal monitoring system began indicating that he was in severe respiratory distress. The doctor finally decided it was time to perform an emergency C-section, but it was another hour before Donna was taken into the operating room.  During that time, the doctor failed to administer oxygen or take immediate steps to help Martin breathe. After he was born, Martin was in the intensive care unit for 3 weeks. Later, Donna learned that Martin had substantial brain damage and cerebral palsy--a direct result of the doctor's failure to respond to indications of serious oxygen deprivation and delivery in a timely manner.  Donna's doctor told her not to have any more children because there was a serious problem with her DNA, which could result in similar disabilities in any of her future kids. Since then, Donna has given birth to three perfectly healthy sons.  Donna sued the doctor responsible for Martin's delivery and received a settlement. She is thankful she has money from the settlement to help cover the costs associated with Martin's care that aren't covered by health insurance, such as the wheelchair-accessible van that she bought for $50,000 and the $100,000 she spent making changes to her home so her son can get around the house in a wheelchair.  What would Donna have done without the money from that settlement? It is a scary thought because Martin is going to require a lifetime of care. When we put caps on recoveries and say there is an absolute limit to how much someone who has created a problem has to pay out, we have to think about it in terms of real-life stories, such as Martin's. Martin will live for a long time, and he is going to need help. Somebody needs to be responsible for that. The person who caused this should be responsible for it. That is pretty basic justice in America.  When you establish an artificial cap on noneconomic losses for pain and suffering, then you are saying there is a limit to how much can be paid. I recall the case of a woman in Chicago who went into a prominent hospital--one that I have a great deal of respect for--to have a mole removed from her face--a very simple mole removal. They gave her a general anesthesia. In the course of that anesthesia, they gave her oxygen. The oxygen tank--in the administration of it--caught fire, literally burning off her face. She went through repeated reconstructive surgeries. I have met her. There was scarring and, as you can imagine, a lot of pain. Was $250,000 too much money for that, for what she went through? Her life will never be the same. That is the kind of disfigurement covered by noneconomic losses that would be limited by medical malpractice caps.  There are better ways to do this. We can, in fact, reduce the cost of medical malpractice insurance. We can, in fact, reduce medical errors. We should not do it at the expense of innocent victims--people who went in, with all the trust in the world, to doctors and hospitals and had unfortunate and tragic results.  Every time I get up to speak on this subject I always make a point of saying--and I will today--how much I respect the medical profession in America. There isn't one of us in this Chamber, or anyone watching this, who can't point to men and women in the practice of medicine who are true heroes in their everyday lives, who sacrifice greatly to become doctors, and who work night and day to get the best results for their patients. They richly deserve not only our praise but our respect.  But there are those who make mistakes--serious mistakes. There are innocent victims who end up with their lives changed or lost because of it. We cannot forget them in the course of this debate. This is about more than dollars and cents. It is about justice in this country. I urge my colleagues, when the issue of medical malpractice comes before us, to remember the doctors but not to forget the victims and their families.  I yield the floor.  