President, let me point out at the outset my friendship and respect for Senator Collins. These are terms tossed around on the Senate floor sometimes in meaningless context, but this is meaningful. We have worked together on many issues. I respect her very much and believe when she was chairman of the then Governmental Affairs Committee, later to be the Homeland Security Committee, that she did extraordinary work with Senator Lieberman, particularly when it came to the creation of a new intelligence agency. After 9/11, it was one of the toughest political assignments ever given, and Senator Collins handled it with professionalism, in a bipartisan way. I commend her for it. I think she is exceptionally talented, and I am happy to have her as my ranking member on the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee where we continue to work closely together.  She raises a legitimate inquiry. The legislative branch should ask whether the executive branch has gone beyond its constitutional authority. I think it is a legitimate question. Unfortunately, before she came to the Senate floor, the waters had been muddied by statements made by our colleague, Senator Hutchison, in the Washington Post on September 13 as to when she went searching for czars in the Obama administration, she found 32 of them. The political wise man, Glenn Beck, found 32 as well but went on to say on his Web site--he is a major champion on this issue, incidentally--``since czar isn't an official job title, the number [of czars in the Obama administration] is somewhat in the eye of the beholder.''  That is why this becomes a pretty difficult amendment to consider at this moment in time. The Senator from Maine has been kind enough to add a page in the Record that lists her findings of 18 of these so-called czars. I don't know if others would find the same number, more or less. Whether there are 57 known czars or whether there are 18, I just don't know.  This amendment would prohibit funds for the administrative expenses of White House advisers--and that is a term usually used by those not partial to Russian history--unless those positions were created through express statutory authorization.  Further, the amendment requires the President to certify to Congress that the adviser will respond to all reasonable requests to testify before or provide information to any congressional committee with jurisdiction over such matter.  The adviser must give a report every 6 months, kind of a work-in-progress report, a diary of what they are doing. So in addition to working on issues such as health care reform, they need to prepare a report sent to Congress every 6 months to let us know they are showing up on time at their desks and actually doing what they are supposed to do. The President doesn't need statutory authority to appoint advisers, and it doesn't make sense to require an assistant to the President, who has an otherwise pretty serious workload, to fill out these reports to Congress every 6 months to make sure they are showing up as promised.  But the amendment does touch on accountability in a way that I agree with. Public officials, including those who serve at the pleasure of the President, should be responsive to congressional inquiries. That is why Senator Collins and I, through our appropriations subcommittee, bring in leaders from the administration. And I can't say for certain, but I am virtually certain we have not been turned down by any at this point. The committee expects officials employed in whole or in part by the Executive Office of the President and designated by the President to coordinate policy agendas across executive departments and agencies to keep Congress fully and currently informed. We ask that of them, and so far we have received their cooperation.  Over the past several weeks, there has been this new interest in the czars and czarinas in the Obama administration, according to Mr. Beck and others. Some Members have asked serious questions about the makeup of the White House staff. The bulk of the noise being heard right now began with partisan commentators like Mr. Beck, suggesting this is somehow a new and sinister development that threatens our democracy.  Unfortunately, this czar issue didn't start with the Obama administration. It goes back much further in history, and it certainly includes the previous Bush administration, which was not subjected to an amendment such as is being offered at this moment. Many of the officials cited by conservative commentators--and I don't include Senator Collins because I haven't seen her list of 18--are Senate-confirmed appointees or advisory roles carried over from the Bush White House. Many are advisers to the President's Cabinet Secretaries. Many hold policy jobs that existed in the Bush administration. Some hold jobs that involve coordinating the work of agencies on President Obama's key policy priorities: health insurance reform, energy and green jobs, and building a new foundation for a longlasting economic growth.  I might say that in the past the same concern and furor hasn't arisen. Darrell Issa, a Congressman from California, was recently on FOX News and was asked what kind of investigation he had made into the Bush administration about czars, and he said he hadn't done so. He hadn't raised any objection, although he now thought it was a pretty important issue under President Obama. In fact, if you adhere to the definition of czar held by many Members--and I won't include Senator Collins in this group but other Members in the Senate--the Bush administration had 47 czars--budget czars, faith czars, manufacturing czars, to name a few.  Many of the Members who now decry the practice have called on Presidents in the past to appoint czars. Senator Robert Bennett of Utah, a friend and recognized colleague who worked hard on the Y2K concern, asked for a czar to be appointed, and he said he had worked with that person to maintain ``bipartisan and across-the-government communication.'' Even the ranking member of the Appropriations Interior Subcommittee, Senator Alexander of Tennessee, has had words said about czars in this administration. But during remarks delivered on the Senate floor in 2003, captured in the Congressional Record, Senator Alexander said, ``I would welcome [President Bush's] manufacturing job czar.'' That same day in the Senate, he also expressed support for President Bush's AIDS czar, Randall Tobias.  