President, I stand in support of the amendment that is being offered by the Senator from North Dakota, Mr. Dorgan. Senator Dorgan has talked about drug reimportation, and he has raised an issue which troubles me. Why is it that pharmaceutical companies in America charge Americans more for their product than they charge customers in other countries buying exactly the same product? Senator Dorgan had a hearing once, and the response was obvious. The pharmaceutical companies say: We charge Americans more because we can.  In all those other countries, such as Canada, when they try to sell drugs to Canadians, the Canadian Government steps in and says: You are entitled to a profit, but don't go overboard. We will allow you to increase your profits only so much each year.  In the United States, there is no such mechanism and no such effort. So we continue as a nation to pay premium prices for drugs that are exactly the same drugs that are sold at a fraction of the cost around the world.  The AARP, which is the largest organization of seniors in America, did a study of drug prices published in April. It showed that the price of the most commonly used drugs has risen faster than general inflation every year since 2004. This year, drug prices are going to go up another 9 percent, for example.  So a lot of Americans are saying: If I can buy the same drug in Mexico or Canada at a lower price, why wouldn't I be allowed to do that? Why would you stop me under the law? Well, I do not think we should. I think we ought to give people that opportunity.  What Senator Dorgan has done is to build in his amendment safety features so we know we are not dealing with counterfeit drugs and we know there is accountability as to the source and the purity and the effectiveness of the drugs that are bought.  This amendment creates a role for the Federal Government in providing oversight, with the goal of ensuring that Americans have access to lower prices and the peace of mind of knowing their drugs are safe.  The bill allows pharmacies and drug wholesalers licensed in the United States to import FDA-approved medications from Canada, Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Japan and pass along the savings to their American customers. What does it mean? A 35- to 55-percent lower cost for some of the most widely used drugs in America.  This approach will reduce costs when people need it, particularly sick people who are dependent on drugs to stay healthy or to avoid even further illness.  The CBO estimates that the new policy will result in Federal savings of $19.4 billion over 10 years. I will tell you why I think this is critically important. There are a lot of drugs and drug companies that are doing very well. They are very profitable, and they are based in the United States. I think it is unfair they are charging the people of their own country higher prices than they are charging people in other countries around the world.  This reimportation is an effort to try to help bring down some of these drug prices. These companies, incidentally, say: Well, we need the money because we need to do research for new drugs. Well, certainly they need to do research for new drugs. But maybe they can stop and explain to me or to someone why they spend more money on advertising than they do on research. You have seen the ads on television, heard them on the radio, and seen them in magazines. They spend a fortune advertising, trying to lure people into using the highest priced drugs in America.  These pharmaceutical companies are doing very well. Their profits are sky-high, sometimes the highest in America. I think it is fair in this bill, as we try to bring down the cost of health care, that we also bring down the cost of these drugs by allowing the importation, with strict safety standards, of these drug into the United States.  I support the Dorgan amendment and look forward to making more affordable prescription drugs available across the United States.  I yield the floor.  