President, I wish to thank my friend and colleague from Utah, Senator Orrin Hatch--and he is my friend. We have had many political battles in the past, but we have also joined forces in doing some things that I think are important for our Nation. I wish to thank him for his continued support of the DREAM Act. This is a bill which we kind of fought over on initial introduction; we both had the same idea. We are going to continue to work together on that in years to come and, I hope, see it to its successful conclusion. It is the kind of commitment Senator Hatch has made to the ideals of our Nation which he makes again in this Serve America Act.  This act is known on the Senate floor, depending on which side of the aisle you sit, as the Kennedy-Hatch Act or the Hatch-Kennedy Act. It is fitting that Senator Hatch would be teamed up with his old friend and political rival from time to time, Senator Ted Kennedy, as they both came together in a common effort to pass this important legislation.  I spoke earlier this week about the Serve America Act which is now pending before the Senate and what it would mean to our Nation. Let me tell my colleagues a few stories that I think illustrate it.  In my home State of Illinois, each year, 2.7 million volunteers dedicate 302 million hours of service. The estimated economic worth of that contribution and voluntary service is almost $6 billion a year. More than 66,000 of these volunteers participate in national service programs through 144 different projects and programs. Each of them has a story to tell about a life they have influenced or changed: a mother they have helped feed her family, a child they have helped to learn, or a community that is cleaner and safer because they are working and volunteering to make it that way.  All of these volunteers can also tell about how their time and service improved their lives. Let me mention a few stories.  In Chicago, the City Year Program places young volunteers to work full time in some of Chicago's neediest schools. They serve as tutors and mentors and role models to the kids. A volunteer I talked to recently tutored a young girl named Zariah. She was struggling with a lot of problems in school, with reading and behavior. I won't hold it against her--her behavior problem; I had the same problem, and I ended up in the Senate. Zariah was in jeopardy of failing the fourth grade, so this volunteer showed up and decided to take a personal interest in her.  A few weeks after tutoring Zariah, this volunteer heard a little voice cry out as he walked by the school. It was little Zariah, and she was yelling to this volunteer tutor: I passed fourth grade. I passed fourth grade.  What a reward for that volunteer and what a happy moment for that child.  In Waukegan, IL, four AmeriCorps volunteers helped Habitat for Humanity construct homes and train and recruit volunteers. One of the AmeriCorps members told a story that I think is so heart-warming about driving by a school every morning as an AmeriCorps volunteer, in their notable jackets, and seeing a woman wave and cheer as they came by. She wasn't a homeowner or volunteer herself. She was just a member of the community, and she recognized the AmeriCorps jacket. She knew what the volunteers were doing, and she wanted to say thank you with a wave and a cheer each morning.  Throughout Illinois, the Equal Justice Works Summer Corps Program provides crucial legal assistance to communities. Law students give their time and talents in exchange for a very modest AmeriCorps educational award of $1,000 for a summer of work, many of them turning down far more lucrative opportunities in the private sector.  In 2008, the Summer Corps Program had 23 members serving in my State, and they served over 1,000 low-income people who couldn't afford a lawyer any other way. One of those corps members was Nichole Churchill of Chicago. She spent a summer serving with the Children's Project of the Legal Assistance Foundation working with parents, foster parents, and adoptive parents. This is what she said about her time there:       It has opened my eyes to the myriad of problems that many      of our low-income clients face on a daily basis. This      experience has only strengthened my resolve to continue this      kind of work and to effectuate meaningful change in their      lives.  Those are only a few of many stories told from my State of Illinois.  This week we are considering a bill that will dramatically expand the opportunities for voluntarism and service across America. The Serve America Act will triple the number of national service participants to 250,000 participants within 8 years. Along with this dramatic expansion, it is going to create a new corps within AmeriCorps focused on areas of national need such as education, environment, health care, economic opportunity, and giving a helping hand to our veterans.  We are expanding opportunities to serve for Americans at every stage of life, too. Middle and high school students will be encouraged to participate in service projects during the summer or during the school year. By serving their communities early in life, these students will be put on a path to a lifetime of service.  For working Americans who can't commit to a full-time volunteer job, the bill provides opportunity for them to work part time in their community. Retirees can be given a new opportunity to serve with the existing Senior Corps and through new expansion.  The bill also increases the education award for the first time since the creation of the national service program. I think that is a perfect complement, that these good, well-meaning Americans would serve their Nation and in return we would help them, give them a helping hand with their education at a time when education is so expensive for so many students. The education award in this program will be raised to the Pell grant level which makes it easier for college students with significant student loan debt to consider national service. The award is transferable so that older volunteers can transfer the education award to their children or grandchildren--a perfect generational legacy.  Each American has the power to make a small difference in the success of a child, the health of the environment, or the lives of their hungry neighbors. All of those small differences repeated over and over again can add up to something truly powerful, truly inspiring. This bill will expand the opportunities for Americans to serve their communities. President Obama has urged us to pass this on a timely basis, and I am going to encourage my colleagues to fight off the amendments which have nothing to do with this bill. Let's get this one done and done right. Let's not get bogged down in a lot of other issues that might be presented. They are all, I am sure, equally meritorious and worth our consideration, but we need to finish this one. Let's get this bill done so that we can expand service and make an even stronger Nation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  