I know of one, for example, who has been held for 7 years and was notified a year ago there are no charges against him. The question is where he will be sent. He still languishes in prison because of that. It would be unjust for us to continue to keep him in Guantanamo without any charges against him beyond 7 years. I don't think he needs to be tried. We need to find a safe place to put him once we are certain he is not going to engage in acts of terrorism.  This morning, President Obama is going to make a statement on this issue. The statement by the White House in advance of his speech at the National Archives--I think part of this press announcement bears repeating into the Record. It says:       The President also ordered a review of all pending cases at      Guantanamo. In dealing with the situation, we do not have the      luxury of starting from scratch. We are cleaning up something      that is--quite frankly--a mess that has left in its wake a      flood of legal challenges that we are forced to deal with on      a constant basis and that consumes the time of government      officials whose time would be better spent protecting the      country. To take care of the remaining cases at Guantanamo      Bay, the President will, when feasible, try those who have      violated American criminal laws in Federal courts; when      necessary, try those who violate the rules of war through      military commissions; when possible, transfer to third      countries those detainees who can be safely transferred.  President Obama is calling for an orderly, sensible review of cases at Guantanamo. For us to continue to keep voting on ways to foreclose the possibilities of bringing Guantanamo to a close in a responsible fashion I don't think is responsible conduct. I hope we will stop this and allow the President to show his leadership. He inherited this mess at Guantanamo. He is doing his best to find solutions in keeping with our values and keeping in mind his primary responsibility to keep us safe.  I yield the floor.  