President, I come to the floor to speak about an issue that looms over the Senate and the Capitol like no other. In the ebb and flow of the history of the Senate, many issues come and go, but few come before us with the importance of the issue of health care reform.  Earlier this month, the U.S. Census Bureau released data on the income, poverty, and health coverage of Americans. The number of Americans living without health insurance is staggering: 46.3 million people were uninsured last year. The issue of the uninsured is not a question of us versus them. The uninsured are everywhere in America. Most of the people without health insurance today are working or are in a family with someone who works.  Who are these people? They are not the poorest in America; we care for the poorest. We provide them health insurance known as Medicaid. They are not the fortunate ones such as myself or many others who have health insurance. They are folks who get up and go to work every day without the peace of mind of knowing that they have health insurance protection for themselves and their families. These are the people who made your bed and cleaned your hotel room this morning, the ones who fixed your breakfast and cleared the dishes off the table in the restaurant. They are watching your children and your grandchildren even as you go to work. They are taking care of your mom in an assisted living center and changing her bed linens. They include the realtor who helped you find your new home or sell the home. They include many veterans who served our country with pride and now find themselves in an unfortunate circumstance. In fact, 8 in 10 of the nonelderly uninsured live in families where the head of the family goes to work every single day. Not everyone who works for a large employer is lucky enough to have health coverage. Twenty-two percent of people in America working for firms with 500 or more employees are uninsured.  Here is another important part to understand. Many people without health insurance are not among the poorest. One-third of the families without health insurance are making more than $44,000 a year. Despite making a moderate income, these individuals either work for an employer who doesn't offer health coverage or they can't find coverage they can afford. For the average U.S. family who has coverage, the worker and employer together paid an extra $1,017 last year in health care premiums to compensate for the uninsured.  When the uninsured people reach a stage in life where they desperately need health care, they go to an emergency room. Hospitals don't turn them away; they treat them. Their expenses are not paid for. They are passed along to those with health insurance. It means those of us who pay health insurance premiums pay about $90 a month more to cover uncompensated care for the uninsured. That is a reality.  The lack of insurance is not only about dollars though; it is also about lives. A study released last week by the American Journal of Public Health revealed that nearly 45,000 annual deaths in America are associated with lack of health insurance. In other words, the myth that people without insurance ultimately get the same care as everyone else is not true. The uninsured in America are more likely to die. I will give two examples. Things are getting worse for these families. This figure linking ``uninsurance'' or lack of insurance with premature death is 2.5 times higher than an estimate from the Institute of Medicine for just 5 years ago. Deaths associated with lack of health insurance now exceed those caused by many common killers. The increase in the number of uninsured and our Nation's eroding medical safety net for the disadvantaged help explain the substantial increase we have seen in the number of deaths associated with the lack of health insurance. The simple fact is that the uninsured are more likely to go without needed care, and that lack of health care coverage takes its toll.  Is this what America has come to? We have too many people who are unable to get health care when they need it. My constituents know the story well. Let me cite a story about a woman from Chicago. To protect her identity, I will call her Monica. Monica came to the State of Illinois after Hurricane Katrina destroyed her home and took her sister's life. Today she has a small tatoo of her sister's name on her arm with a hurricane over it. She came to Chicago, lived in FEMA-funded emergency housing but became homeless when the FEMA funds ran out. She stayed in overnight emergency shelters for 2 years. She found herself in desperate need of help. But when she thought things couldn't get worse, she was stabbed outside one of these overnight shelters and admitted to Sinai Hospital in Chicago. Sinai is one of the great hospitals that serves some of the poorest people in that great city. I commend all of the people who keep that hospital's doors open and work to keep quality services available for even the poorest in the city.  As it turned out, that stabbing saved her life. In the hospital, the medical team discovered she had hypertension and hepatitis C. The social worker enrolled Monica in a local program for the homeless and uninsured with chronic medical conditions. With help from this program and the hospital's social worker, she learned where to go for medical care and how to find help to rebuild her life. That was last summer. Today Monica has her own apartment and is managing her health. She is one of thousands of people who walk around with life-threatening chronic conditions such as hypertension and hepatitis C, conditions that go undiagnosed and untreated because these people can't seek care without health insurance.  She is trying. Monica is doing her best. She wants to be self-sufficient. She wants to be a contributing member of society, a giver not a taker. But she still lives in fear of being one accident, one illness, one diagnosis away from losing everything she has been able to accumulate in her life.  That is the fear people face when they don't have insurance. Let me tell you of another fear. It is a fear that many families face every day, and Verta Wells' children know this fear.  Verta is a constituent of mine from the downstate area--right near my home in Springfield. She and her sister were adopted by loving parents, and she has grown up in the town I call home since she was 5 years old. Verta is a veteran of the U.S. Army. She raised two sons in Springfield and had a steady job. Health insurance was not a problem, and she was working.  As the parent of two boys, Verta's medical care was covered by Illinois Children's Health Insurance Program. It covers just not the kids but also a single mom such as Verta. She was a young and healthy mother. She worked at the local Steak n' Shake, which in my part of the world is the local restaurant to go for a hamburger and a milkshake. It is a great restaurant. It is clean and the help is always very good.  Working at that restaurant, she enrolled in school part time to become a medical assistant. She wanted to do better in her life. Without a pressing illness, she took the insurance card for granted because she did not need it. As time went on, though, she learned how valuable that insurance card could be.  One night, Verta, doing a self-examination, found a lump in her breast. Her youngest son was then 17 years old, which meant Verta had 1 more year of health insurance under the Children's Health Insurance Program. Thankfully, she was able to go to a doctor for a mammogram. Three days later, the doctors told her the sad news that the lump was malignant.  The All Kids Program--the version of CHIP in our State of Illinois--paid for her treatment, and Verta was happy to come out the other side as a healthy breast cancer survivor. Her son graduated from high school and life looked good. Unfortunately, this is not where the story ended.  For some time after her initial surgery for breast cancer, Verta experienced a pain in her chest. There was just one difference. With her kids now grown and over the age of 18, Verta did not have any health insurance anymore.  The pain grew worse. Verta knew she had lost her insurance, but she was aware of a program called the Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program--a program that provides free care to uninsured women in our community.  She enrolled in the program and went in for a mammogram. Despite the pain, the doctor did not find anything. Given her history, the doctor recommended, though, that she go see an oncologist at that point just in case, just to be absolutely sure.  Verta might have gone, but it worried her that the visit was not covered by any health insurance. She was worried about the bills that were starting to pile up. After all, that earlier mammogram was clean, and the program covers women with breast cancer, so she felt somewhat confident she did not have to go any further.  She loved working with her oncologist. The last thing she wanted to do was stick him with an unpaid bill. And she knew she could not pay a large medical bill on her waitress's salary. So she went on as if everything was OK.  But several months later, she felt another lump in her chest. Still thinking her mammogram was fine, still worried about medical care she could not pay for, Verta did not check in with her specialist, her oncologist--until one day when she felt so dizzy she was forced to go to the emergency room. They diagnosed Verta with metastatic cancer. That was just a few months ago. Today, Verta is no longer with us.  Is this what we have come to in America--a hard-working young mother without access to health insurance, afraid to go to the doctor, delaying care, and dying too soon? That is the reality.  So when we talk about health care reform, we talk about several needs here. Earlier on the floor, the Republican leader came and talked about the fact that we are talking about changes--basic changes--in the system, he said, that involved taxes, and certainly we have to be honest about the cost of any reform. But, unfortunately, most on the other side of the aisle have not joined us in this debate. They are not sitting down with us and trying to work out a bipartisan bill. And, sadly, very few, if any, of them have any alternative to the current health care system in this country.  Even if you are happy with your insurance today, most people have this lingering doubt about whether it will be there when they need it. Will that health insurance company turn you down when you absolutely need to have them pay for a serious surgery or important medical work? Are they going to fight you over how much money they will pay? Will they go through your application for insurance and say: Oh, you didn't disclose a preexisting condition and, therefore, we are not going to cover you? That happens way too often. As it happens, more and more people end up in debt--sometimes crippling debt.  In the last few years, the number of individuals and families in America filing for personal bankruptcy because of medical bills has doubled. It went from 31 percent to 62 percent in just a few years. Of the 62 percent who filed for bankruptcy because they could not pay their medical bills, 78 percent of them had health insurance. It turned out to be health insurance that did not mean much. It was not worth much when they needed it.  That is the reality today. It turns out that many people who go to bed at night rest easy believing they have health insurance but find--because of that accident or that diagnosis--they are in a pitched battle with the health insurance companies, which they often lose. Losing it destroys their life savings and everything they have ever worked for.  That kind of uncertainty, that kind of insecurity is why we are in the midst of this important debate. It is why we should have both sides of the aisle looking for practical, commonsense solutions, focused on keeping people healthy and well in America, and giving them security and stability when it comes to their health insurance. But, instead, there is not enough conversation and dialogue in the Senate. Unfortunately, at many town meetings across America, there was much more shoving and shouting than there was real conversation about how to solve this challenge that faces America.  There are several things we need to do. We need to end insurance company discrimination. Insurance companies must be stopped from denying coverage to Americans with preexisting conditions, such as heart disease, cancer or diabetes. No longer should they be free to raise premiums or drop coverage when it turns out you are sick and need your health insurance.  We also need to lower health care costs and reduce the Federal deficit because if we do not tackle health care, believe me, the cost of Medicaid and Medicare and the overall cost to governments at every level will continue to escalate, and those who are genuinely concerned about the debt facing our country have to acknowledge this could drive America's debt out of control, unless we do something about the cost of health care.  The Congressional Budget Office estimates that one of the bills, being considered today in the Finance Committee, will lower premium costs for Americans purchasing coverage in the individual and small group markets. They say the bill effectively slows the growth of Federal health care spending over the long term and could save us up to $49 billion over the next 10 years.  We need to also improve our focus on wellness and prevention. We need to work to change the focus of our health care from sickness to wellness, how we can avoid medical costs, keep people healthy, give them the independence of living at home with the peace of mind to know they are in good hands with a good doctor and good hospital, if they need it, but they are doing important things, making personal decisions to improve their own health. We do this in most of the bills before Congress, focusing on preventive care and wellness.  We need to ensure quality health care coverage for millions of Americans who go without every single day. This is not just a matter of economics; it is a matter of justice. To think that we live in this great and prosperous nation--even struggling with this recession--that we turn and find 46 million Americans without health insurance coverage has to be unacceptable. I know what I am about to say some will disagree with, but I think peace of mind and health care coverage should be a right in America, not a privilege for those lucky enough to work in the right place or have enough money.  We also need to cut down on fraud, waste, and abuse. There is a program called Medicare Advantage. The private health insurance companies came to us several years ago and said: Government, you are not running this government program well. Let us offer Medicare benefits, and we are going to show you something. We could offer more coverage, better care, at a lower cost than the government.  So Congress said: Be our guest. Today, the Medicare Advantage Program, which is supposed to be the private health insurance answer to Medicare, costs 14 percent more than the Medicare Program. We are paying a subsidy to private health insurance companies that set out to prove they could do it more cheaply than Medicare, when, in fact, they are charging us more.  Should we continue to subsidize these private health insurance companies to give them more profit or should we go back to the basic model, Medicare, that provides more cost-efficient care for most Americans who have reached the age of 65 and face disability? There are other examples of fraud and abuse, too, in this system. We can clean it up, and with those savings we can start to do more to help America.  We need to improve choice and competition. The five largest health insurance carriers in America have 82 percent of the business. In some communities, you do not have a choice. There is one dominant or two dominant health insurance companies, and if you do not like the way they do business, you do not have any choice. That is what it comes down to. Those of us in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program--Members of Congress and 8million Federal employees and their families--have real choice: open enrollment every year to choose from private insurance companies, to pick the one right for our family and right for our pocketbook. That is what every American should have. That is not a luxury or something over the rainbow.  For 8 million of us, Federal employees and Members of Congress, it is a reality. Why can't we offer that to every American, to say: You can keep the insurance you have if you want to. But if you want to look and shop, you should have some choices--some real choices--because of real competition. So we need reform that creates a competitive and transparent market that allows consumers to compare plans and choose what is best for them.  Finally, we need to modernize our health care system, to bring computers and the electronics of our modern age into hospitals and doctors' offices, so they have a complete record on each patient, so they understand if there is something in your background that should be noted and taken into consideration before they make a diagnosis and order a prescription or a test, to make certain in a hospital you are not given drugs you are allergic to that could take your life, to avoid medical accidents and death that is associated with them.  All these move us in a more efficient situation, a more competitive situation, and one which will bring better care to America and improve patient safety.  Let me conclude by saying health care is too often a luxury. In Cook County, we struggle to provide patients with timely access to care. In the area around Chicago, at the local public hospital, the waiting time for some specialty services can range from 6 months to 1 or 2 years right now--too long to wait for critical services.  Those who criticize this health care reform debate and say it is going to lead to lines and waiting and rationing are not accepting the reality of the current system. There are many waits that are unnecessary and some of them dangerous today. The stories I gave earlier about Monica and Verta demonstrate the need to reform our system. But there are millions more like them.  Too many individuals and families bypass health care because they cannot afford it. The high cost of health care and the lack of insurance for millions of people are more than a financial problem, they are life threatening.  Today, about 11,000 Americans will lose their health insurance. Can you imagine at the end of the day coming home and facing your children or your family saying: I have bad news. Because I lost my job or because my employer no longer can provide it or because we cannot afford it, we don't have health insurance anymore. Keep your fingers crossed, folks, because this family is now living on the edge, just one accident or one diagnosis away from facing the grim reality of the cost of health care.  Every day in America, families are forced to choose a different doctor when their health care plan is changed because their employer cannot afford to provide health insurance. Every day in America, families see their health plan benefits erode because they cannot keep up with higher premiums, copays, and deductibles. Every day in America, people decide to skip a doctor's visit, medication, and treatment because they cannot afford it.  Families are confronted with losing their health insurance altogether because their employers cannot afford it, and year after year health care costs keep going up and up and up. Are we going to stand by and watch this happen? Are the people who have been elected to this Senate and the House of Representatives going to accept their responsibility to those who sent us here to tackle one of the toughest, most complicated, most controversial issues of our time but one we cannot afford to ignore?  I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will join us in that effort. It is time to tell our constituents across America: It does not matter where you live, what you do or how much money you make, in the United States of America every American should have the opportunity to access health care they can afford, to give them the peace of mind they deserve.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Gillibrand). The Senator from Illinois.  