President, this important program, administered by the Natural Resource Conservation Service within USDA, provides for cooperation between the Federal Government, State government agencies, and local organizations to prevent erosion, floodwater, and sediment damages. The program also promotes the conservation and proper utilization of land in authorized watersheds. WFPO helps communities prepare detailed watershed work plans for flood prevention projects in cooperation with soil conservation districts and other local sponsoring organizations.  As a result of this program, over 11,000 flood protection and water conservation structures have been built across the United States. Each year, these structures provide over $292 million of flood damage prevention to agricultural land and over $399 million of flood damage is prevented to roads, bridges, homes and other structures.  There are other benefits as well--these projects protect and restore natural resources. Annually, 90 million tons of soil are saved from erosion. Forty-seven thousand miles of streams and stream corridors are enhanced and protected. More than 1.8 million acre-feet of water are conserved. Nearly 280 thousand acres of wetlands are created, enhanced or restored. Over 9 million acres of upland wildlife habitat is created, enhanced or restored.  In Illinois, DuPage County has been working to rebuild the watershed around various branches of the DuPage River. The county wishes to reduce the incidence of flooding and damage to homes, businesses, and wildlife habitat. This program will allow for enhanced flood protection of the Meacham Grove reservoir and provide vital flood control for homes and businesses downstream.  This effort is supported by a number of communities in DuPage County including the Roselle, Bloomingdale, Itasca, Wood Dale and Addison. Operation of the reservoir will be optimized by allowing storm water to enter the reservoir at a lower elevation. This will provide storm water storage for smaller, more frequent rainfall events. It will also improve the water quality of surrounding communities by allowing pollutants and sediment to settle out in the reservoir instead of being transported downstream.  This program has been very successful in Illinois, and I know many of my colleagues have similar stories from their States. I do not believe we should wait for a flood before we identify a problem. Federal investment in these types of projects can help reduce the Federal investment necessary in the event of a flood disaster. Watershed projects prevent flooding and the damage floods cause to public facilities, roads, bridges, homes, and businesses. They conserve water, improve water quality, reduce soil erosion, and create wildlife habitats. We should reduce the vulnerability of our population to flood damage and improve our stewardship of the natural and beneficial functions of our floodprone areas. I oppose the amendment by my colleague from Arizona, and ask that others do the same.  