President, once every 20 years we take up critical issues like health care reform. Many of us believe this particular moment in history is perhaps the only opportunity in our public career to tackle an issue of this magnitude. We know overwhelmingly the people of America want us to do this.  Many people like their health insurance policies, particularly if they don't use them. But most people understand the health care system we have in this country is broken. We have to fix what is broken, and we have to preserve those things that are good about the current system.  I have heard a lot of speeches from the other side of the aisle about the situation we currently face, the debate that is underway. I think what recently happened in the Senate HELP Committee is a good indicator of a good-faith effort by the Democratic majority and Senator Dodd to try to come up with a bipartisan Republican-Democratic approach.  Over the course of over 60 days of hearings the Senate HELP Committee had filed over 800 amendments, considered over 400 amendments, adopted 160 Republican amendments in the course of 61 hours of straight hearing, and at the end of the day when the rollcall was taken, not a single Republican Senator would support the bill. I think Senator Dodd made a good-faith effort, and I think we should continue to.  Now the Finance Committee is taking up the same bill. It will be a lot better bill if it is a bipartisan effort and if compromises are reached, if we try to do this together in an expeditious way. But if it becomes a standoff where there are no Republican votes in support of it or where they will not negotiate, where they all vote against it, then I am afraid it will not be in the best interests of what the American people want to see.  Yesterday on the front page of the Washington Post they had headlines about some of the comments being made by some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. The headline read, ``GOP Focuses Effort To Kill Health Bills.'' Not to modify, not to improve, but to kill health bills.  From a perspective of Republican leadership, that is what our health care debate is about. Many of them just want to stop health care reform. It has been 15 years since we made our last effort to provide quality, affordable health care coverage to every American. The Republican National Committee chairman, Michael Steele, today suggested that the President should take another 8 to 10 months to formulate a plan.  It has already been 8 months since Barack Obama won the 2008 election on a platform of reforming health care. It has been 6 months since he took office. Yet on the other side of the aisle, their chairman says let's wait 8 to 10 months more.  It may fit in perfectly with a strategy to delay this debate as long as possible, but it doesn't fit in with a strategy of solving the problem. Tonight,President Obama will be speaking to the American people, answering questions from the press on health care. Tomorrow, in a trip to Cleveland, he will be visiting the Cleveland Clinic and some other facilities to talk about health care reform. We are just a couple of weeks away from an August recess. We will come back in September and by then I hope we can roll up our sleeves and get to work. The American people want us to. They understand the problem.  Health care spending per person has increased rapidly over the past 10 years, rising over 40 percent. The people of the United States spend over $2 trillion on health care each year. That is more than twice as much per person as any other country on Earth, and our health results do not show that money is being well spent.  Many countries, spending a lot less, get better results. We are wasting a lot of money. It is money that is being taken out in fraud and profit taking. It is money that does not make us feel any healthier. It is just money that we have to pay, many times from paychecks where it is a struggle to pay it.  The average annual premium of family coverage in Illinois during the George W. Bush Presidency, those 8 years, went up $5,000. The average annual premium went from $600 a month to over $1,000 a month.  The employer's share rose by 72 percent, the worker's portion rose by 78 percent. I might tell you in the same period of time, workers' wages were not going up, just the cost of health care. People know this. They sense it is getting out of hand.  Clearly, two-thirds of all the personal bankruptcies filed in America, two-thirds of them, are related to medical expenses. Over 46 million Americans have no health insurance, and 14,000 Americans lose their health insurance every single day.  If you hear about the 47, 48 million Americans without health insurance, and say: It is a darned shame, but the poor will always be with us, and we cannot solve every problem, Senator, sadly, some of your neighbors, maybe some of the members of your family may find themselves in that predicament soon if we do not address health reform.  Those of us who are lucky enough to have health insurance--for the record, Members of Congress have the same health insurance plan as Federal employees, 8 million of us; Federal employees and their families, Members of Congress and staff, are in the same basic health care plan. There is a lot of bad information out there about our health insurance. It is a good plan, do not get me wrong, but it is the same one Federal employees are entitled to. I think that is a fair way to approach it.  But even those of us paying for health insurance are paying a hidden tax. We pay up to $1,000, $1,100 per year per family to subsidize those who are uninsured, who show up at the hospital and still get treated. They get treated, they cannot pay for it, their expenses are shifted to others who do pay. That includes those of us under health insurance, about $1,100 a year.  At this point, we have 2.3 million more people losing health insurance every year across America. It is something that should concern us. But let's get down to specifics. Because I think if my friends on the other side of the aisle will join us on this side of the aisle and talk to American families about what they are going through, we would get a better understanding of why this is so important and why we cannot wait 8 months, 10 months, a year or more, we have to move on this and do it decisively.  There is a fellow in my district who lives in Libertyville, IL. His name is Rene Apack. He has been an insurance broker for 11 years. He knows that business. He sells all kinds of insurance. He will sell private health insurance to close friends and family members, but he shies away from it when it comes to the general public because he says it is too complicated to explain, there are too many underwriting tricks and traps in those insurance policies.  Mr. Apack does not want to get into the business of trying to defend those policies to his clients. If his clients are denied coverage for health care based on some fine print they do not understand, even though he had nothing to do with it, he feels bad about it. So he discourages the sale of private health insurance to his clients.  Medicare, he said, is the opposite. We have heard people come to the floor day after day on the other side of the aisle criticising government health insurance. But I have yet to hear the first Republican Senator call for eliminating Medicare. Medicare covers 45 million Americans, seniors and disabled, with affordable health insurance. It is a government-administered program. I have yet to hear the first Republican Senator say we should do away with it.  It is a program which saves a lot of people, some of whom retire before they reach the age of 65 and run into medical problems and pray they can be eligible for Medicare and not lose their life savings. It happened to a member of my family, my brother.  Luckily for him, Medicare kicked in at the right moment, saved his life savings. It might have saved his life. He is 77 now, so for 12 years Medicare has been helping to pay his bills. Mr. Apack says:       My mom, my mother-in-law, my uncle--they have Medicare      supplement insurance and everything works like clockwork. I      have never had one Medicare supplement claim denied.  It is not just his clients who have problems with health insurers, his own health insurance has had a high deductible, $7,000 a year is his deductible on his health insurance for his family coverage, himself, his wife, and his 12-year-old son. Last year his wife was told she needed a routine mammogram, basic preventive care. But they did not know how much it would cost. So they did what conscientious consumers would do since they knew they had to pay the first $7,000 deductible before the health insurance paid anything.  They called and they said: Give us a ballpark estimate of how much it will cost for a mammogram. Is it $200 or $2,000? No one would tell them the price.  Mr. Apack, an insurance broker, said: It is like walking into a restaurant and ordering a meal and hoping you can afford it. In the end, Mrs. Apack decided it was too risky to go in for this test and not know how much it would cost. She did not do it. That is not a good outcome.  Preventive care could save her life and avoid more serious and expensive medical care. A while back, after his premiums increased 38 percent over 2 years, Mr. Apack reapplied with the same insurer, wanted to see if he could lower his premiums by switching to a higher deductible. He answered every question on the application form. Remember, this man is an insurance broker. Then he got a letter from his insurer, and the letter asked him: Are you sure about all the answers you gave us? Do you want to stand by all the answers?  Then he got a phone call from the insurer, and the caller asked: Are you sure there is not something you failed to tell us? And he named a date 8 years earlier. The person from the insurance company said: Is it not true that you had a prescription in your name filled that day 8 years ago?  Well, finally he remembered. Mr. Apack remembered he had been in a car accident that day. He was not hurt badly, but he was a little sore. His doctor said: Here is a prescription for pain medication, take it if you need it. He filled the prescription. Eight years later that prescription apparently gave his insurer pause about keeping him as a customer.  We talk about preexisting conditions. We talk about unknown costs in the current system. To think they could go in your past and find a prescription you filled 8 years ago and call you back and say: Are you sure you have not failed to disclose something here?  That is what the current system is, a health insurance system full of tricks and traps. Those on the other side of the aisle who say we do not need to change it, one Senator from South Carolina said let the market work, which means basically hands off. Mr. Steele, who heads the Republican National Committee, said: Let's wait 8 to 10 more months before we get into that.  Do they not understand what families are facing on an everyday basis? Mr. Apack knows he is probably luckier than some who live around him. One of his neighbors pays $15,000 a year for health coverage for herself,her husband, and child--more than they pay on their family mortgage.  He met with a client recently, a real estate company with about 50 employees. Last year, the employees all decided to switch to part time so no one would be laid off. Their incomes are down at least 50 percent from a year ago. Their health insurance premiums went up 5 percent.  In the professional opinion of this Illinois insurance broker, we need a better system, health care coverage that is affordable, simple, and fair. That is the challenge we face in the Senate. It is a challenge we cannot ignore.  The Finance Committee now is trying to work out a reasonable way to deal with this challenge. We know the providers have to be in on this conversation. If we are spending more than twice as much as any nation on Earth for health care, then we obviously need to ask if there can be savings.  United Health Care reported their earnings, if you followed that in the business pages of the paper, another big recordbreaking profit, far beyond expectations. Health care insurance companies are doing very well.  Pharmaceutical companies historically have been some of the most profitable companies. There are providers in the health care system that are doing extremely well. We need to bring costs down within the system, without compromising quality. That is the challenge we face.  I know they tried in the HELP Committee adopting 161 Republican amendments and could not find a single Republican Senator to support the final bill. Tonight the President is going to renew the challenge, the challenge to all of us not to miss this once-every-two-decades opportunity to deal with health care.  I fear, if we do that, we are going to find ourselves in an unsustainable position. The cost of health care is going to continue to go up at expense levels we cannot handle as a nation. We have to make sure we have basic health care reform and get it right. We have to reduce costs for families, businesses, and the government. We have to protect people's choice of doctors, hospitals, and insurance plans. If you have an insurance plan you like, you ought to be able to keep it and assure affordable high-quality health care.  We have to make sure health insurance companies are not denying coverage for preexisting conditions, health status or medical condition. We have to eliminate the caps on coverage so a very expensive chronic disease does not end up blowing the top off your health insurance policy and going right into your savings account.  We have to put a limit on out-of-pocket expenses. We have to guarantee equal treatment for men and women, Black, White and brown, young and old, and different geographic locations. Incidentally, I noted the health insurance companies have now said they are going to look into this to make sure they start billing women a little more favorably than they have in the past--I wonder if it has anything to do with our debate--that the basic health insurance plan in America has a kind of coverage and protection that is adequate for every family. We have to bring down the costs.  One of the ways we are going to do that is provide some tax incentives and help for low-and middle-income families. We have to make sure people are paying fair premiums. Finally, we have to make sure we support small businesses. Of the 47 million uninsured, the vast majority of those are people working in small businesses and their families.  Senator Snowe, Senator Lincoln, myself, and others have introduced a bill called the SHOP bill that would give small businesses across America the same basic option Federal employees have in the health benefit program.  That is a way to get small businesses into purchasing pools to lower their costs, to make sure their employees and the small businesses have the same benefits when it comes to health care coverage.  I encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, we have to get beyond ``no.'' You have to get to a point where you work with us to try to change the status quo and bring about real health care reform.  I yield the floor.  