I trust in the wisdom of future Members of the Senate and the House, if that is necessary, to modify the program.  But it certainly is worthwhile for us to at least reflect on what this program is. It is a voluntary, self-funded insurance fund for long-term care for American citizens. It was one of the visions of Senator Kennedy as part of health care reform, understanding we are living longer and many times need help in our late years in life and it can be expensive and deplete a family's savings. Senator Kennedy said: Let's try to put together a voluntary program where you can pay in and have, in fact, long-term care insurance available to you, if you need it.  The fact that this program is virtually solvent for 30 straight years is an indication of the wisdom of that idea and the way it is planned.  I might add one other thing. We just finished a motion to commit on the floor relative to Medicare, and many of us argued that the bill before us, the bill that represents health care reform in this debate, protects Medicare and guarantees the basic benefits of Medicare. Those on the other side of the aisle protested and said: No, it does not.  Well, then, Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado offered an amendment which said, pointblank and clearly, nothing in this bill will, in any way, diminish guaranteed Medicare benefits, and a surplus generated here will be to give a longer life to the existing Medicare Program. The Bennet of Colorado amendment passed 100 to nothing, so not only does the bill originally protect Medicare, the Bennet amendment repeated that, and all the Republicans voted for it. Yet they continue to come to the floor and say: We do not believe what we voted for. We believe this bill is going to hurt Medicare.  The same thing is true with the CLASS Act because Senator Whitehouse, who was on the floor momentarily, came forward and said: I will put it in writing. We are going to put it in writing that the surplus in the CLASS Act program cannot be used for other purposes and has to be saved and used for the purposes stated here for long-term care insurance. I think the Whitehouse amendment is likely to get another 100 votes.  So every time we address a concern from the Republican side of the aisle, and say the bill addresses that concern or a separate amendment addresses that concern, they protest: It is not enough. We need more. I think they protest too much.  I would also say I am troubled today, as I have been for several weeks, by the position taken from the Republican side of the aisle about health care reform. For about 13 or 14 days, this bill, in its entirety, has been available to the American people. You can find it by Googling ``Senate Democrats'' and it will direct you to our Web site and you can click on this bill, H.R. 3590, and read it, page after page--all 2,074 pages of it. That is the way it should be.  There was a lot of angst and worry last August in townhall meetings: Well, are you going to get this bill sneaked by us? Are we going to get a chance to read it? Everybody has a chance to read it. But then I would recommend to those who are searching the Internet to read health care reform bills that if you want to find the Republican health care reform bill, look for ``Senate Republicans'' and go to their Web site and you will be able to click on ``health care reform bill'' and you will find the Democratic health care reform bill because, unfortunately, there is no Republican health care reform bill. They have not offered one. They have had a year to prepareit. They have had plenty of ideas they have expressed on the floor. They have been critical of our efforts. They have offered literally hundreds of amendments in committee, and yet they cannot come up with a bill.  It leads you to conclude this is not an easy task. It is not easy at all. It certainly is not easy to produce a bill such as this one, the Democratic bill, which generates, over the first 10 years, a $130 billion Federal surplus in our Treasury. This bill adds more in terms of surplus and deficit reduction than any bill in the history of the Senate. In the second 10 years, the Congressional Budget Office says there will be another $650 billion in savings on our deficit.  So for those who argue if we pass this bill we are going deeper in debt, they ignore the Congressional Budget Office, that referee that takes a look at all the bills and tells us that over the span of 20 years, we are going to reduce our deficit by some $700 billion or $800 billion, just by virtue of this bill. Republicans have been unable to produce a bill that reduces the deficit, when it comes to health care, by a penny. They come here and criticize what we have done, but they can't produce a bill. All the great legislative minds on their side of the aisle, and we have been waiting patiently for them to produce a health care reform bill. They can't or they don't want to. Maybe they like the current health care system. Maybe they think this is the way America should be.  Well, many of us don't believe that, and a lot of Americans don't either. There are a lot of good parts of our system we want to protect, but there are many parts that need to be changed. We need to make health care and health insurance more affordable for families and individuals and businesses. This bill does.  We just had another report from the Congressional Budget Office that said yes, the cost of premiums will be coming down for many Americans as a result of this bill. We also understand that some 50 million Americans don't have health insurance at all. This bill will reach the highest level of protection for health insurance in the history of the United States. Ninety-four percent of people in this country will have the peace of mind and security of health insurance--a dramatic increase. The Republicans have been unable to come up with any proposal that moves us toward more coverage for people who don't have health insurance.  This bill also has many provisions to finally give consumers across America a chance to fight back when the insurance companies say no, and they do all the time. People who need critical surgical procedures and medicines, people who need the kind of care their doctors recommend end up fighting with the clerk at an insurance company. This bill, the Democratic health care reform bill, gives these families a fighting chance against these health insurance companies. I have yet to see the first bill coming from the Republican side of the aisle in the course of this debate that would give our families a chance against these health insurance companies.  I wish to also say when I finish speaking, and we finish on this side of the aisle, the Senator from Utah will come and speak. I understand it is the Medicare Advantage Program he will speak to. Now, the previous motion to commit by Senator McCain of Arizona said: Send this bill back and make sure you take out any reference to savings in the Medicare Advantage Program. That was defeated. The vote was 42 to 58. There were two Democrats who joined the Republicans. They needed 60 votes; it didn't make it. I take it the Senator from Utah may offer another motion to commit relative to Medicare Advantage. I expect it to have the same fate, but he has his chance to argue his point of view, and he may be persuasive to more Members on this side of the aisle. Unfortunately, although we are good, close friends, and I bask in his wisdom on a daily basis, he is not going to change my mind on this issue because the Medicare Advantage Program is a program that needs to be changed.  Let me tell my colleagues about this program. We started years ago with the health insurance industry telling us: Government cannot do a good job when it comes to insurance. Let us show you how private health insurance companies can sell a Medicare policy more cheaply than the government. And we invited them to do it.  Over the course of the years, some of them did. They showed some savings, and they demonstrated to us they could provide Medicare at a cost lower than the government. But then things changed, and the health insurance companies kept coming back and saying: Well, we actually need more money now to provide the same benefits in Medicare that the government provides.  At last count, the Medicare Advantage Program costs 14 percent more to provide the same Medicare benefits as the government program. So these leaders in the private sector who were going to teach us a lesson about how to sell insurance ended up failing their own lesson plan, and now this Medicare Advantage Program has turned out to be a flatout subsidy to the health insurance industry--$170 billion over 10 years. In other words, the Medicare Program is paying more for Medicare than what it has to pay so it can subsidize health insurance companies which are turning multimillion-dollar profits and giving bonuses to their CEOs.  Some on the other side of the aisle think we need to preserve this; that we need to preserve this subsidy, make sure we protect the profits of the health insurance companies, and we need to protect Medicare Advantage. Well, as Senator Dodd has said so frequently on the Senate floor, Medicare Advantage is neither Medicare nor an advantage.  I believe, and most agree, it is time for this party to end. These private health insurance companies didn't keep their word, didn't keep their promise, and because of that we are in a situation--a predicament--where we are asking other people covered by Medicare to subsidize the profits of these private health insurance companies. What does it cost every Medicare recipient in America to provide this subsidy and profits to these private health insurance companies under Medicare Advantage? Ninety dollars a year, on average.  So those who are defending the Medicare Advantage Program as we currently know it and don't support the reforms in this bill are also supporting a $90 annual tax on Medicare recipients. My fiscally conservative Republican friends who run against taxes every chance they have should reflect on the fact that they are protecting a tax on Medicare recipients. That, to me, is indefensible.  