This week Humana announced record-breaking profits primarily from Medicare Advantage. Medicare Advantage was the health insurance companies' challenge to the Federal Government. The private insurance companies said: The Federal Government has been running Medicare for 40 years and has done a rotten job. We can do better. We can cover seniors with the benefits promised in Medicare at a lower cost because we are the private sector. We know efficiency. We are not a bureaucracy. We are the private sector.  They were given that chance. A few years ago they started offering the Medicare Advantage plan to compete with traditional government-run Medicare. At the end of the day, after years of evaluation, what we found was the private companies were charging 14 percent more, many of them, than government-run Medicare, which meant that the Medicare Program was paying them more for the basic benefits than what the government was asking to provide the same benefits.  These health insurance companies have gotten rich on it. Humana this week announced a record-breaking profit primarily based on their Medicare Advantage plan which was supposed to save us money. In fact, it cost us more money.  I say to the Senator from Ohio, when we write a bill that deals with health insurance reform to stop these major companies from denying coverage to people for preexisting conditions, putting a cap on the amount of money that they will give them if they have a serious illness, you can count on these health insurance companies hiring their law firms, teams of lawyers to fight us. If it takes another 50 pages or 100 pages to make sure we state clearly in the law the rights of American families and consumers and businesses when it comes to health insurance reform, that is paper well spent. That is time well spent.  I ask the Senator from Ohio, he has listened to the Republicans on the other side of the aisle. I have yet to hear the first Republican Senator come forward in favor of health insurance reform. They have not come out for the consumer protections which are fundamental to our bill. I ask the Senator from Ohio if he has heard that?  