It is a small town, rural area. I love it. That is where my roots are in our State. I stopped at a hotel in the area of Marion, IL, and there is a nice lady who fixes breakfast in the morning for the guests. Her name is Judy. She could not be any kinder and nicer and always has a warm greeting.  She came up to me, as she was getting a cup of coffee, and said: Is this health care thing going to help me?  I said: Do you have health insurance?  She said: Oh, no. I've never had health insurance.  Judy, I am guessing, is about 60 years old.  I said: Well, I can tell you, if you just give me an idea about yourself, I will give you kind of an idea of what you might expect.  She said: Well, they keep cutting our hours at the hotel here. I am down to 30 hours a week, and I get paid about $8 an hour.  So I said: Well, I'll do a quick calculation. I think you make about $12,000 a year.  She said: Yeah.  Imagine, living on $12,000 a year, which is what her gross income is.  I said: By most of the bills that are going through Congress now, unless you are making over $14,000 or $15,000 a year, you will be covered by Medicaid, which means you are going to have health insurance for the first time in your life through Medicaid.  She said: I don't have to pay for it?  I said: No. You're in a low-income situation. You wouldn't have to pay for it at $12,000 a year.  I say to the Senator, I thought, as the Senator was just speaking, what if she were making $15,000 a year and her employer did not offer health insurance? As I understand it, at that point, most of the bills say: It is time for you to find a way to find health insurance. And the insurance exchange will give you some options from which to choose.  What the Senator is saying--what I believe, and I think what the vast majority of our people believe--is, one of those options should be a not-for-profit plan, the lowest cost for Judy to buy into. As the Presiding Officer pointed out in an earlier meeting we had, if we were to say we are going to impose an obligation on people to buy health insurance but only give them private health insurance options, I think most people would say: Wait a minute. If you are going to impose an obligation on me to buy health insurance, give me some affordable options.  Our support for a public option is to come up with a not-for-profit plan that is not trying to please shareholders, that is not advertising on radio and television, and that does not hire lots of people, clerks to say no. That, to me, is a sensible outcome for the obligation to buy health insurance because it gives people choices.  I salute Senator Harry Reid because, as our Democratic leader, he said maybe there are some Governors, some States, some people who just do not want a public option. Let them decide to opt out of the system. They can opt out. They are not going to be forced in. They can opt out. I think that is a reasonable way to move.  So I say to the Senator from Ohio, you probably have a lot of your constituents, just like mine--like Judy who works down at this hotel--who are uninsured at the moment. She has diabetes, incidentally. She told me she had some medical issues and could not even go to a doctor, see a doctor, because she just does not make enough money. That is the reality of life for a lot of hard-working people in Illinois, and in Ohio, I am sure.  