President, we are considering a bill that would allow the Food and Drug Administration to regulate one of the most deadly substances for sale in America, tobacco, a substance responsible for 400,000 deaths, more than HIV/AIDs, for example, each year, more deaths than illegal drug use, alcohol use, motor vehicle accidents, suicides and murders combined, a substance responsible for $100 billion in health care costs every single year. I am glad we have finally reached this point. I hope we can pass this bill with a strong bipartisan vote. This moment has been coming for 20 years. There are Senators who deserve credit for where we are today in coming to this moment in history, none more than Senator Ted Kennedy. Senator Kennedy has been our leader on this issue. Unfortunately, his personal health struggle prevents him from joining us regularly, and he may not be here for the vote today, but we wouldn't have reached this point without him. His dogged determination to reduce the number of tobacco-related deaths and illnesses in America has brought us to this moment in history. We will be voting with him in mind, as we should.  I thank Senator Chris Dodd, who once again has stepped in, in an extraordinary way, as he did with credit card reform, passing a bill that had been decades in the making. Senator Dodd, at the last moment, has been called in by Senator Kennedy and has done a spectacular job to move this bill forward. I am hoping we can pass it and get it enacted into law. It will save lives. But we can't blame tobacco for all the faults in our health care system. There are many parts that need to be addressed.  The United States spends about 17 percent of its GDP, gross domestic product, on health care. This amounts to $7,400 per person on health care each year. We spend more than twice as much as any other country on Earth when it comes to health care. As of 2006, health spending in the United States was 90 percent higher than any other industrialized country. Health insurance premium increases consistently outpace inflation and the growth in family earnings. About 30 percent of America's poor people spend more than 10 percent of their income on health care. Since the beginning of this decade, health insurance premiums have gone up by 78 percent. Everybody knows this. No matter who one works for--private business, public entity--we know the cost of health insurance keeps skyrocketing. Wages have only gone up 15 percent in that period. People and families cannot keep up. Overall, 46 million Americans have lost their insurance. Many lose their insurance for periods during the course of a year because of changing jobs and losing jobs.  With the amount of money our country dedicates to health, the facts don't line up. Yesterday my colleague from Arizona, the Senate Republican whip, Jon Kyl, spoke about the problems with our health care system. I am glad he agreed there are problems to address. I need to clarify at least my view as to some of the things he said. Democrats in Congress are committed to working with President Obama to ensure that Americans can keep the health care they have, if that is their choice. Yesterday, Senator Kyl said:       If you are an employee of a small business, for example,      when your insurance contract runs out--and those contracts      are usually 1 year or 2 years--the bottom line is, even      though you may like it, at the end of the next year, when the      contract runs out, you don't get to keep it.  That is not accurate. I have to say Senator Kyl is saying something that doesn't reflect the position of the President, nor any Democrat I know in Congress. We believe--and we stand by this--if you like your current health insurance plan, you will be able to keep it, plain and simple, straightforward.  Senator Kyl alluded to specific frustrations felt by small business owners across the country. Believe me, I understand that issue better than some. I have been working with Senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas, Senator Snowe of Maine, and Senator Klobuchar of Minnesota to come up with a plan so small business owners will be able to afford health insurance. I am happy to say that, at least at this moment, there is an indication the Finance Committee is considering our bill as part of their overall work product. As important as keeping your health plan, if you like it, if you are a small business owner, you find health premiums have increased 200 percent because you had one sick employee or one sick baby born to a family of one of your employees, we want to make sure you are no longer subject to the unfair practice of raising premiums for that situation. In today's system, at the end of the contract, small businesses are at the mercy of insurance companies that are in it for profit.  Earlier this week, I talked about a small businessman in Springfield, my hometown, who, in a span of just a few years, has seen his insurance premiums increase by 500 percent, though he has never turned in a claim. He has been forced to change his health care plan repeatedly. Because he is a small business owner, he has no bargaining power. What we are trying to do is ensure Americans are protected from this kind of price increase and that promised services are there when they need them.  My colleagues on the other side of the aisle continue to raise tactics of fear and concern to steer us away from the real issues at hand. Yesterday the Senator from Arizona talked about ``a new regime of regulation for the insurance companies.'' He expressed concern that Democrats in Congress are trying to control what health insurance companies are doing. If the Senator is talking about trying to take under control some of the practices of health insurance companies today, I would say it is long overdue. People know what happens when their health insurance premiums go up dramatically, even though they haven't turned in a claim. Folks know when health insurance companies say they are going to exclude preexisting conditions and your health insurance policy is virtually worthless because the problems you face in life can't then be covered. Folks know what it is to call that health insurance company and bargain or argue with some clerk over coverage. Changing those things, if that is what regulation is all about, is long overdue. It is time that customers, consumers, families, and businesses had a fighting chance when it came to health insurance companies.  We will hear plenty of speeches in the Congress in opposition to health care reform from a lot of people who are speaking for the health insurance companies. Why don't they come up and say it. If they want to come to the floor and say: We like the current system; we don't believe it needs to be changed; we don't believe there is a crisis facing us in terms of cost; we believe that health insurance companies are doing a great job and shouldn't have to change their ways, let that be their position. But it is a position that is indefensible with the vast majority of the American people. They understand we should be focusing on the best interests of patients and families, not the best interests of health insurance companies, nor the best interest of the Federal Government.  The bottom line is, we have to come up with health care reform which starts to reduce the cost of health care, making it more affordable, preserving quality, creating incentives for good health care outcomes, and focusing onthe family and the patient, not on the government agency.  I am encouraged my colleague from Arizona raised the issue of insurance contracts, given his concern with small businesses and access to health care. I think he would want attention paid to what insurance companies are doing to these small businesses. Earlier this year, the GAO released a report showing how little competition there is and what a tough time small businesses have to find health insurance. The medium market share of the largest carrier of the small group market was about 47 percent, ranging from 21 percent in Arizona to about 96 percent in Alabama. This leaves American small businesses with few choices. We want to change that. Those who come to the floor of the Senate defending the health insurance companies and saying they want no change in the health care system have to defend the indefensible. How do they explain what small businesses and families are facing now when they are trying to find affordable, quality health insurance?  If my colleague from Arizona wants to help small businesses, let him join us in the bipartisan bill Senators Lincoln, Snowe, Klobuchar, and I are offering, the SHOP Act. By doing so, he will be working with us in committees to make a positive change.  I also wish to clarify one thing. Time and again, Senator McConnell, on the Republican side, and Senator Kyl have come to argue against government health care. They talk about it in the most general terms. What they are actually arguing against is a public option. What we hope to see come from all this debate about health care reform is lots of opportunities for America's families and businesses to shop for health insurance from private insurance companies but to have, in some circumstances, the option of a government-run plan they can choose, if they wish--voluntary choice. Of all the criticism heard on the floor about government health insurance, I have yet to hear Senator McConnell or Senator Kyl criticize Medicare. Why? Because 40 million Americans count on it. They know that were it not for Medicare, they couldn't afford health insurance. People live a whole lifetime without health insurance protection. Finally, when they hit age 65, they have Medicare, and they thank the Lord for that day.  Medicare does a great job. Medicare is a proven success. For over 40 years, Medicare has provided quality care to America's seniors and disabled, and we have seen the longevity, the life expectancy of seniors increase every year and their independence increase because they don't end up with a mountain of health debt to pass on to their children or have to exhaust their savings. If the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator from Arizona want to come to the floor and argue against Medicare, I welcome the debate. I wish to be here when they say that government health insurance program has failed us. It has not. It has worked. To create a public option for those across the country as part of health care reform is long overdue. We need to build on and improve Medicare, and we can do that.  We also have to make sure our health care system is based on science and the best outcomes, that we encourage preventive care, that we see those elements in our society where people can do things to make their own health care better.  Time and again you will hear the Republicans come to the floor as if they are part of the Travel Channel. They do not want to talk about America and the problems we face. They want to talk about England, New Zealand, Australia, Canada. They do not want to talk about the United States of America.  Well, it is time for them to come home and recognize that we can improve our health care system, letting Americans keep the health insurance they have if they want to keep it, making sure we start to bring costs down, making quality health insurance available, giving families the peace of mind that the cost of health insurance is not going to go through the roof and beyond their means. That is part of this debate.  Democrats are working to ensure Americans have real choice when it comes to their health care.  My colleague from the other side of the aisle referred to the public option as government-run insurance. He believes that the insurance industry is already regulated enough and that a public option is unnecessary.  I can tell the Senator that when I am receiving hundreds of letters and phone calls from constituents who cannot afford health insurance and who are seeing their premiums increase at alarming rates then I know our current health care insurance industry is not working for everybody.  In fact, according to a survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation, two-thirds of Americans support a public health insurance option similar to Medicare to compete with private health insurance plans.  Republicans want to preserve a broken system--one with escalating costs and no guarantee that policies won't be cancelled.  Rather than help insurance companies, Democrats want to put American families first and help those struggling with high health care costs.  A public option for health insurance offers the American people the security that the government is looking out for their best interests--just like Medicare does for our seniors.  My colleague is correct in that the Medicare Program needs some changes. I hope he will be supportive of the changes we will include in the health reform package.  Yes, we need to streamline the Medicare Program, restructure the delivery of care, and emphasize quality. We will do it and save costs. But we should build on what works, and despite what my colleague says, Medicare works.  According to a study by the Commonwealth Fund, 61 percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries said they had received excellent or very good care, compared to only half of those with employer-sponsored healthcare.  This health care debate is Congress's opportunity to improve what we have and cut costs for the future.  Comparative effectiveness research will help us do just that. Senator Kyl claims that the government may misuse comparative effectiveness research as a tool to ration or deny health care. His use of the word ``rationing'' is only a veiled attempt to defend the status quo no matter how ineffective.  Comparative effectiveness is a tool to expand Americans' access to high-quality health care, not restrict it. When we know which treatments are more effective than other treatments, people will want the best and avoid what is ineffective. But we need this research in order to distinguish the best from the not so good.  Our health care system rations care today based on ability to pay. If we reform our health system and identify which treatments are most effective, we can reduce that hidden rationing by making health care more affordable for everyone.  We need to learn what works and empower providers and patients to use that information. That is rationing-- is a sensible component of the effort to build a high-quality, value-based, results-oriented health system.  We have serious problems in our health care system. This is America, and America needs a uniquely American solution to our Nation's health care problems. This is what Senate Democrats are committed to enacting.  Mr. Kyl told some tragic stories of individuals in Canada and Britain whose experience with their country's health care system was not what we would define as quality health care.  I am sure we would like to think my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are sincerely concerned with the quality of health care around the globe, but I am more inclined to believe that this is their scare tactics trying to cloud the important issues once again.  In fact, Mr. Kyl is following the specific instructions of Republican political consultant Frank Luntz.  Here it is, on page 2, talking point No. 5 from a memo given to my Republican colleagues to guide their way of framing the health care debate:       (5) The healthcare denial horror stories from Canada & Co.      do resonate, but you have to humanize them. You'll notice we      recommend the phrase ``government takeover'' rather than      ``government run'' or ``government controlled.'' It's because      too many politicians say ``we don't want a government run      healthcare system like Canada or Great Britain'' without      explaining those consequences. There is a better approach.      ``In countries with government run healthcare,     politicians make your healthcare decisions. They decide if      you'll get the procedure you need, or if you are disqualified      because the treatment is too expensive or because you are too      old. We can't have that in America.''  This debate is not about talking points or messaging or even other countries. Countries such as Canada and Britain have government-run healthcare and each has their unique set of good and bad aspects to the system. But, what we need to focus on is the people in our country. In our system today, insurance companies make the decisions and decide for people if they can get the procedure they need, or if they are disqualified because the treatment is too expensive. We can do better than that in America.  Patients and their doctors make the best decisions for a patient's health and wellbeing.  Every Senator in this Chamber can agree: Our health care reform efforts should be patient-centered.  I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will work with Democrats to ensure a strong health care package for the American people.  Mr. President, I see two of my colleagues are on the floor. I yield the floor.  