President, let me first acknowledge the Senator from Connecticut, who played a critical role in not only the inspiration but the preparation of this important landmark legislation. Senator Dodd has been given some tough assignments in his career. He has been handed some of the toughest, and this was one. His Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee met, I understand, 54 hours, if I am not mistaken. I think that is what he said earlier on the floor. It considered hundreds of amendments with the notion that we could create a better, more effective health care system in America. I have yet to hear anyone criticize his chairing that committee. He was evenhanded and fair. He entertained and accepted some 150 or 160 Republican amendments to this bill in an effort to try to build some bipartisan support for it. He went the extra mile with extra hearings. His committee was weary at the end, but he proved that his experience in the Senate had taught him valuable lessons about what it took to be respectful to the other side of an issue. He was not rewarded with a final vote in committee. Not a single Republican Senator would vote for the bill. It was not for any lack of effort on the part of Senator Dodd.  When this bill passes--and this bill will pass--he deserves special credit for it, and I am going to be one of the first to applaud him. He included a provision in this bill near and dear to me on congenital heart research that will save lives and will spare suffering to families across America. I will forever be indebted to him for it.  In just 4 hours, in the early morning hours of Monday, December 21, 2009, one of the most significant votes in the history of the Senate will take place. It is hard for us in the midst of this debate, after all that has come before us and all that is likely to follow, to properly put this in historical context. For those of us who were honored by the people of our State to be here at this moment in history, it is humbling to know we will be called on to cast a vote that can change a nation.  It has happened here before but only rarely. It happened 75 years ago when other Senators, in a much different era, battling through the worst depression in our Nation's modern history, were called on by a President in a wheelchair to rally and stand for the elderly of America. He asked to create Social Security, an insurance plan primarily for widows. President Franklin Roosevelt came to this Senate in this Chamber asking each and every one of the Senators to be mindful of the plight of our parents and grandparents in that time.  I can recall, in my family, it was not uncommon for grandparents to end up living in the same home as their children because after they reached the point where they could no longer work for a variety of reasons--physical, retirement, whatever it happened to be--their savings were meager and the chance of living independently was limited. So their children took them in in that spare bedroom, made them part of the family and welcomed, but understood that was the only way mom and dad were going to have the dignity they deserved in life.  Franklin Roosevelt had a different vision. He thought if workers throughout their worklife paid a little bit of money each week into a fund, they could be ensured there would be a check waiting for them at retirement that would allow them independence and dignity. He prevailed, and Senators stood up in that era of the 1930s and gave him the votes that were needed to change our Nation when it came to the way we treat the elderly.  Those on the other side of the aisle--Republicans--were skeptical. They were fearful of government; fearful of a new program. They argued we were headed down a path we would regret--echoes of many arguments we are hearing today in opposition to health care reform. When their time came later, even as recently as a few years ago, they tried to dramatically change and rewrite the Social Security Program. They called for privatizing it, saying we would be much better off if the Social Security trust fund were actually in the stock market. Thank goodness the wisdom of America rejected that idea. Within months of the suggestion, it was proven to be totally false, as life savings were lost with the recession that we now are enduring.  It is an indication of the bravery of a President, the courage of a Senate, and the fact that they rejected the pleas of those who would say: ``Do nothing. Don't touch it. Leave that problem alone.''  It was about 45 years ago when another great President had another great idea, and that idea was to create Medicare, and with the creation of Medicare to say to those same elderly: It isn't enough to give you a check to get by each month. We want to make sure you have access to doctors and hospitals when you need it. Lyndon Baines Johnson, the master of the Senate, then President, managed to engineer the passage of that legislation against critics who once again said: It is too much government. It is a program that will cost too much money. It is not needed. We shouldn't do it.  Their counsel was rejected. Medicare was created. It wasn't the Medicare we know today. It didn't reach the disabled. It didn't provide some of the basic services that many seniors now desperately need, and it didn't cover prescription drugs, but it was a start. It was a critical decision made to move forward. The same Republican Party that objected to the creation of Medicare has been critical of the program ever since. They have argued that it is wasteful, that it is doomed, that it should be allowed to wither on the vine. That was actually a quote from a leading Republican not that long ago.  They suggested there was a better way--let's privatize Medicare. They love the notion of privatizing. Get government out of the picture. They came up with this theory, with the health insurance industry, of something called Medicare Advantage. This was where those flinty-eyed entrepreneurs would teach government a lesson. They would offer the benefits of Medicare and show how to do it at a lower cost. Well, we accepted their challenge and gave them their opportunity, and what we found was: They failed. Oh, some succeeded, but by and large when the final count took place, those private insurance companies couldn't help but have the urge to maximize profits at the expense of Medicare. So now we spend about $17 billion a year out of Medicare subsidizing private health insurance under the so-called Medicare Advantage Program. The experiment has failed.  The basic idea of Medicare was proven right. It gave to our seniors something that we had promised and hoped we could deliver--longer healthier lives. It also triggered the creation of a medical health establishment across America--the building of hospitals and medical schools and more medical professionals than our Nation had ever seen--because of Medicare, because of a President, Lyndon Baines Johnson, and his courage, and because of a Senate that could rise to the challenge of passing it, despite the critics.  Well, in the early hours of Monday, December 21, 2009, our generation of the United States Senate will face our rendezvous with destiny, our opportunity to change this Nation, to make such a significant change in the way health care is delivered in America that we can say to future generations: We had our moment, and we seized it. To think that we will--with the passage of this bill in perhaps just a few days in the Senate, and a few weeks on Capitol Hill--enlarge the percentage of Americans with the security of health insurance from 83 percent to 94 percent--the highest percentage of Americans ever insured in the history of our Nation. Of 50 million uninsured Americans today, 30 million of those people will finally be able to rest at night knowing they are covered; that they have health insurance.  It will be Judy, a worker in Marion, IL, at a hotel, making $8 an hour, working 30 hours a week, $12,000 in annual wages. She is a diabetic. She hasnever had health insurance in her life. She goes to work every day. She is 60 years old. She will have health insurance because of this bill. She will be covered by Medicaid, and she won't have to pay for it because Judy's wages are at the low end of workers in America.  I said to her: If you had health insurance, Judy, what would you do?  She said: Senator, I have a few lumps I have been worried about a long time, and I can't afford to go to the doctor. I would go to the doctor.  Thank God she can. Thank God for a lot of others--those who have lost their jobs, who are unemployed, who have exhausted their savings, who stand to lose their homes--who will at least have the peace of mind they will have health insurance. That is going to come too.  If you have a child with a health problem, as many people do, something they call a preexisting condition, this bill will tell the health insurance companies immediately: You can no longer discriminate against that child. You can't turn down the family or that child for coverage. As someone who has been through that experience, I can't tell you what that means, to know that you have that kind of coverage; that your child, with that health care challenge, can go to the doctor they need to see and the hospital they need to be in.  When my wife and I were first married and had our first baby, I was in law school, and we had no health insurance. When our baby had a problem, I had to go to Children's Hospital here in Washington and sit in a room filled with people who had no health insurance. I took a number, and we waited for a doctor. Every time we went, it was a different one. I felt like I had let my family down. At a time when my family needed health insurance, I had not delivered. I know that feeling personally, and I know what it must mean to 50 million Americans who face it today. For 30 million of those Americans, this bill will give them the peace of mind that they have health insurance.  It also says to companies across America, we are going to change the terms of this relationship between health insurance companies and the people they insure. We are going to finally step in on the side of the consumers of America--the families of America, the ones that are so often turned down because of preexisting conditions, turned down because companies canceled their insurance when they started running into high medical bills. For the first time, these people will have legal rights created by this bill to stand up and be covered and to be confident at the end of the day that they will have the coverage they paid for their whole life.  It is an amazing thing we are considering. In the middle of it, with all these speeches and all the press releases and all the charts and all the time, it is sometimes difficult to focus on the historical impact of what we are about to do at 1 a.m. on December 21, 2009. But if we do this, and do it right; if 60 Senators step forward, as I think they will--commitments have been made--we will make history. It will be reported across America that for the first time in memory, the United States Senate has voted for comprehensive health care reform.  The critics will still be there, and they will say the same thing they did about Social Security and the same thing they did about Medicare: It is too much government. It is not going to work. We shouldn't do it.  Thank God, that counsel was rejected in the 1930s and the 1960s, and it should be rejected on December 21, 2009. We need to stand together for people who otherwise have no voice--the uninsured, many of whom have low-wage jobs, or maybe no jobs at all, and their children, who really can't afford the best lobbyist in Washington. It is time for us to lobby for them.  I know there are a lot of critics of this plan. We have heard them. They have talked about Medicare and what this will do to this bill. But we know what the professionals have told us. This comprehensive health care reform legislation will add 9 or 10 years of solvency to Medicare, put Medicare on sound financial footing. And that is exactly what we should do.  The bill has a bonus. The bonus is that, at a time when we are facing deficits and debt, which have to be taken seriously, this bill charts a path for us to start retiring that debt. The Congressional Budget Office says that over the first 10 years, $130 billion in debt will be relieved by this bill; then in the second decade of this bill's existence and changes, we are going to find up to $1.3 trillion in deficit reduction.  There has never been a bill considered on the floor of the Senate that has had that kind of impact on our Nation's debt. It is going to change life not only for uninsured families but even those with insurance. For some, it will give the luxury that we have as Members of Congress.  I think we are the luckiest people on Earth when it comes to health insurance. We team up with 8 million Federal employees and their families, and each year we have an open enrollment. If we don't like the way we are treated by our health insurance company in the previous year, we can go shopping, just like you would shop for a car or a refrigerator, and pick the right one for your family. We pick the right health insurance for our families. Every American should have that luxury, and we move toward creating that in this legislation.  It was several years ago that I teamed up with Senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas and Senator Olympia Snowe of Maine. We tried to create a program for small businesses in America called the SHOP Act. This program would give those small businesses the same shopping opportunities for health insurance as Members of Congress and Federal employees. I came up with an unlikely ally in the National Federation of Independent Businesses. They decided they wanted to join us.  When their lobbyist called and said he wanted to meet with me, I said: I can't wait to meet you. His organization had done everything in their power to defeat me in every election I had been in, and I wanted to see what he looked like.  He came in and sat down and said: We have to do something about health insurance for small business. We ended up creating an unlikely but powerful alliance of the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the realtors, the Service Employees International Union, Families USA--from both sides of the political spectrum--standing behind the SHOP bill.  The SHOP bill, with some changes, is now part of health care reform. It is an idea that has been endorsed, and it is one that I think is going to make a big difference for individuals. The bill also contains help for small businesses to pay for the premiums. Critics on the other side of the aisle say: Oh, the taxes go up, but the benefits don't start for years. They have missed it because initially we are going to be offering tax assistance to small businesses with 50 employees or fewer. Those who have an average payroll of $50,000 a worker are going to get a helping hand to buy health insurance not only for their workers but for the owner of the company.  I have seen this in my own life. I have friends who run a small business who have lost their health insurance because one employee's wife had a very sick baby. That is exactly what happened to my friend. They went out shopping for insurance on the open market and it was brutal. My friends were in their early sixties, and they couldn't buy insurance. Everything they could buy was loaded with exclusions and deductibles and copays.  Well, we are going to make sure that businesses have a helping hand with a tax credit, and that helping hand is going to allow them to buy good insurance that covers their employees.  Those on the other side talk about the tax increases in this bill. Let's be very blunt what they are. There is a .9 percent payroll tax increase for individuals making over $200,000 a year and families making over $250,000 a year. What it means is this: Roughly $2,000 a year for families making over $250,000 will have to be paid to make sure that Medicare is solvent and that this program is funded. That may affect some Members of Congress, with their spouses working. But I don't think it is unfair. It is a tax we should be willing to pay to solve major problems in this country.  There will be taxes on high-end health insurance policies, and it is a very controversial provision with some of my friends in organized labor. But Ihope we have hit the right number of $23,000 and I hope our escalator clause to try to keep up with inflation is a reasonable one. If it is not, we will revisit it. The only law ever written that didn't need amendment might have been the Ten Commandments, and I don't think this bill, as good as it is, will rise to that level. We are prepared to return to it if we need to, to make sure it works and works well, and we have the time to do that.  This is critical. I also know this bill is going to change--you will be able to see the change across America with the construction of community health clinics. One of our great Senators here, Bernie Sanders of Vermont, has been a clarion voice on behalf of community health clinics. He knows, as we all do, that these clinics, placed in cities and towns across America, are a lifeline to low-income people so that they have primary care at a fraction of the cost of a visit to an emergency room--good care. I have seen it. I have visited the Erie Clinic in Chicago, Alia Clinic in Chicago. These are good, clean, modern clinics, with people dedicated to health care and dentistry who are helping these people.  We envision 10,000 more community health clinics as a result of this bill, at least, and thousands of primary care physicians to be there to help. That will mean we will be creating, across America, a network of care and peace of mind for people who otherwise have few places, if any, to turn.  I think the day will come soon when this bill, after it is passed, will become evident to America in terms of what we set out to do and what we achieved. If history serves, as it has in the past, many of today's critics will not dwell on the fact that they voted no, but rather say I had some problems with it. I guess it worked out OK. They may be afraid to acknowledge that now. I think ultimately they will have to.  This is clearly an idea whose time has come, and it has come because we have a President with the courage, the political courage, to step up and make sure that we not back away. As Franklin Roosevelt did in Social Security, as Lyndon Johnson did with Medicare, Barack Obama, with health care reform, has challenged this Congress not to ignore a problem that has haunted the Presidencies of seven great men who have previously served in that office.  We need to do our historic duty in the early morning hours so that Americans across this Nation can wake up to the stories on the news that, finally, hope is on the way.  I said the other night when I was talking about this--Senator Dodd put Vicki Kennedy's Washington Post column in the Record, and I am glad he did so--that this has been called many things. It has an official name. I am going to call it ``Kennedy Care.'' I hope some others will too, because we do it because of the inspiration of a great friend, a great Senator, and a great statesman, Edward Kennedy, who I am sorry cannot be here to enjoy this historic moment. But he led us to this moment. As he said in one of his last columns he wrote about health care: We are almost there. In four hours, we will be there.  I yield the floor.  