When I finish, I will. The people who live here in DC are taxpaying citizens. They pay their taxes and they vote for President. They send their young men and women off to war just like every State in the Union. I think they are entitled to some of the basic rights we enjoy in each of our own States.  I also want to say a word about the needle exchange program. I get nervous around needles. I don't like to run in to the doctor and say give me another shot. So taking an issue like this on is not a lot of fun to start with. Why are we talking about needle exchange programs in the District of Columbia? For one simple reason: The HIV/AIDS infection rate in the District of Columbia, Washington, DC, the Nation's Capital, is the highest in the Nation. We are living in a city with the highest incidence of needle-related HIV/AIDS and meningitis and other things that follow. A needle exchange program says to those who are addicted: Come to a place where they can at least put you in touch with someone who can counsel you and help move you off your addiction, and they will give you a clean needle instead of a dirty one. I hate it, and I wish we didn't need it. I don't like it. But in States across the Nation they make the decision that this is the humane and thoughtful thing to do to finally bring addicts in before they infect other people and spread this epidemic.  The doctors are the ones who tell us this works. States make the decisions on it. I think the District of Columbia, facing the highest incidence of infection from HIV/AIDS, should also make that same decision in terms of the money they spend. The provision that came over from the House of Representatives would have limited the distribution of this program to virtually a handful of places in DC. We said that DC can make the rules about where the safe places are for these needle exchange programs.  As I said, I hate to even consider the prospect, but I cannot blind myself tothe reality that we have this high incidence of infection in the District of Columbia, and the medical professionals tell us this is working. We are bringing addicts in. We are bringing them into a safer situation. We are counseling some of them beyond their addiction. We are saving lives.  Am I supposed to turn my back on that and say, I am sorry, it offends me to think of this concept? It offends me to think of people dying needlessly, and that is why we have this program.  Let me say a word about the DC Public Schools. I did not ask to take this DC appropriations bill on. This is not something I ran for in the House of Representatives or the Senate. But it is part of my responsibility. This is a great city with great problems, but there are some shining lights on the horizon, and one of them is Michelle Rhee, chancellor of the public school system in the District of Columbia.  Michelle is an amazing story of a young woman attending Cornell University. She decided, when she graduated, to sign up for one of the top employers of college graduates in America today, Teach for America. She went off and taught in Baltimore. She took a hopeless classroom situation and in 2 years turned it around. Kids from the neighborhood had test scores nobody dreamed of because of Michelle's skill. She worked in New York, bringing nontraditional teachers into the teaching situation and then was asked to be chancellor here.  She is working on an overall reform for the DC Public Schools, which I endorse. It is a reform which will move us toward pay for performance, where those teachers who do a good job and improve test scores are rewarded. It is a voluntary program for teachers. The results are starting to show. This week in the District of Columbia, they reported math scores that showed dramatic improvements compared to cities around the Nation.  She has another responsibility: while 45,000 kids are in the public schools of DC, 28,000 are enrolled in public, but independent, charter schools. The charter schools have to match the performance of the public schools or improve upon them. It is the same for the voucher schools, the DC opportunity scholarships.  The Senator from South Carolina stands before us to say I eliminate the program. Where does that $13.2 million go? It goes to the program, the DC opportunity scholarships. I did change the program. I changed the program because I failed initially when I offered amendments.  Here are some of the changes I made, and you be the judge as to whether these are unreasonable changes.  I said for the voucher schools--half of them are Catholic schools--I said for the voucher schools, every teacher in basic core subjects has to have a college degree. How about that for a radical idea, a teacher with a college degree? It is now required. It was not before.  Second, the buildings they teach in--these DC voucher schools have to pass the fire safety code. Is that a radical idea killing the program? If it means closing a school that is dangerous, sure, I would close that school in a second before I would send my child or grandchild there.  Third, we said, if you attend a DC voucher school, the students there have to take the same tests as the DC Public Schools so we can compare how you are doing. If you take a different test, you have different results. We are never going to have a true comparison.  I also added in here, at the suggestion of Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, a former Secretary of Education, that each of the DC voucher schools either has to be accredited or seeking accreditation. I don't think that is radical. I don't think it closes a program.  The final thing I say is, the people who administer this program have to actually physically visit the school at least twice a year. We had a hearing where the administrator of the program was shown pictures of some of these DC voucher schools and, frankly, he said: We have not been there. Maybe once a year we get by. It has to be more than that. We have to make sure these schools are functioning and operating. We are sending millions of Federal dollars into them. We expect it at public schools, we expect it at charter schools. Should we not ask the same of the DC voucher schools?  I say this, at least those in the Archdiocese of Washington agreed to these things and have said: For our Catholic schools, we are ready to meet these standards and tests. My hat is off to them. It is a challenge, I am sure, but it is one I think they will meet. I want them to continue to do that.  I did try to expand this program in one aspect in the course of our negotiations, with Senator Collins' assistance, so siblings would be allowed to attend this program. I think it would be helpful. We were not successful. There are those opposed to this altogether.  I say the Senator from South Carolina has mischaracterized the DC voucher program. He has not fully explained that we have not changed the Hyde amendment, which prohibits Federal funds for abortion purposes, other than strict narrow categories. He went on to say something about the needle exchange program, which does not reflect the reality and the gravity of the health crisis facing the District of Columbia.  This is not a radical bill. This is a bill which I think is in the mainstream of America. It is a bill consistent with the same laws that apply in his State of South Carolina and my State of Illinois and most other States across the Nation.  I wish we were not in this paternalistic position in relation to the District of Columbia. I would rather this city had home rule, had its own Members of Congress, could make its own decisions. That is my goal. I would like to see that happen. In the meantime, I think we should treat the people who live here fairly, give them a chance to deal with their significant problems, acknowledge success, as we just reported in the public schools, and try to help them where we can.  This is, in fact, a great city and the capital of a great nation. I think the mayor does a good job.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  