I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, addressing the abortion compromise on Monday in Ankara, Turkey, our distinguished Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright said, and I quote, ``we do believe it will have a minimal effect on family planning.'' She went on to say ``the compromise will allow the President to carry out U.S. family planning policy around the world.''  I agree wholeheartedly with the Secretary of State. In fact, the pro-life side has always argued that the Mexico City Policy has no effect on those family planning organizations that divest themselves from the grisly business of abortion. The compromise provides that at least 96 percent of all the money used for population purposes--that is about $370 million--will be subjected to the Mexico City safeguards that prohibit foreign nongovernmental organizations from performing abortions in foreign countries, from violating abortion laws of those countries, or from engaging in activities in efforts to change or alter those laws. If the President chooses, he can waive the restrictions for up to $15 million in that account.  I am very pleased, Mr. Speaker, that H.R. 3427 is also enacted by this Act. It is the product of our Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights. It is in essence, a bill passed by both Houses.  Mr. Speaker, addressing the abortion compromise on Monday in Ankara, Turkey, our distinguished Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, said, ``We do believe'' it will have a ``minimal effect on family planning'' and that it, the compromise, ``will allow the president to carry out--U.S. family planning policy around the world.''  I agree wholeheartedly with Secretary Albright. In fact, the pro-life side has always argued that the Mexico City policy has no effect on those family planning organizations who divest themselves from the grisly business of abortion. Abortion is violence against children. Abortion dismembers or chemically poisons innocent children. It is not family planning. The compromise language before us today narrowly focuses on those organizations that advertise themselves as family planning groups, but promote and/or perform abortions in other countries.  Let me reiterate in the strongest terms possible, this controversy has been, and is, all about the performance and promotion of abortion overseas, and not about family planning per se. The compromise provides that at least 96% of all the money used for population purpose--that's about $370 million--will be subject to the Mexico City safeguards that prohibit foreign non-governmental organizations from performing abortions in foreign countries, from violating the abortion laws of these countries, or from engaging in activities or efforts to change these laws. If the President chooses, he can waive the restrictions on up to $15 million in the account (4%). The abortion compromise language is far from perfect, it is a compromise but it is significant. The effect of the waiver is that up to $15 million would then be able to go to foreign organizations that did not make the Mexico City certifications with respect to performing abortions, violating abortion laws, and engaging in activities or efforts to change abortion laws. But this option comes with a consequence--$12.5 million will be transferred from the population account to the Child Survival fund for activities that have measurable, direct, and high impact on saving the lives of children in the Third World.  On the negotiations with the White House, there was give and take--the compromise is the result of a good faith effort to resolve difficult and complex issues. Neither side got everything it wanted. On balance, however, this bill represents a major step forward for the protection of unborn children around the world--without endangering genuine family planning activities.  Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased that this bill enacts by reference the provisions of H.R. 3427, the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Donovan Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 200-2001, which I introduced along with Representatives Cynthia McKinney, Ben Gilman, and Sam Gejdenson. I insert at this point in the Record an agreed statement of the legislative history of H.R. 3427. Legislative History of H.R. 3427, the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg   Donovan Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000-2001       Mr. Smith of New Jersey: Mr. Speaker, the conference report      on H.R. 3194, the District of Columbia Appropriations Act,      Fiscal Year 2000, incorporates and enacts by reference H.R.      3427, the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Donovan Foreign      Relations Act, Fiscal Years 2000-2001, which I introduced      yesterday, November 17, 1999, along with Representatives      Cynthia McKinney, Ben Gilman, and Sam Gejdenson.       Let me state for the record that H.R. 3427 is a compromise      between H.R. 2415, the American Embassy Security Act, as      passed by the House, and the Senate amendment to H.R. 2415,      which incorporates the provisions of S. 886, the James W.      Nance Foreign Relations Authorization Act. H.R. 3427 is a      substitute for a conference report or an amendment between      the Houses to resolve the differences between the House and      the Senate versions of the bill.       The text and the Statement of Managers of H.R. 3427 (which      appears in the explanatory statement to the conference report      on H.R. 3194) were agreed upon by Mr. Gilman and Mr.      Gejdenson, as well as by myself and Ms. McKinney--the      Chairman and Ranking Minority Members, respectively, of the      committee and subcommittee with jurisdiction over the bill in      the House. In the Senate, the Statement of Managers of H.R.      3427 has the concurrence of a majority of the conferees      appointed by the Senate for H.R. 2415.       The original Senate version of H.R. 2415, S. 886, was      reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations on April 28,      1999 (S. Rept. 106-43) and passed the Senate, amended, on      June 22, 1999 by a vote of 97-2.       H.R. 2415 passed the House, amended, on July 21, 1999. It      was not reported by our Committee but was sent directly to      the floor by action of the House pursuant to the special      Rule. H.R. 2415 was a successor to H.R. 1211. H.R. 1211 was      reported by the Committee on International Relations on March      29, 1999 (H. Rept. 106-122).       The legislative history of H.R. 3427 in the House is the      legislative history of H.R. 2415 and H.R. 1211 in the House      as far as is applicable. Similarly, in the Senate the      legislative history of H.R. 3427 is the legislative history      of S. 886.  The Foreign Relations Authorizations Act contains important provisions relating to the security of United States embassies and overseas employees, to human rights, to refugees, and to the activities of the States Department. I am particularly proud that the bill provides $12 million for the Bureau of Human Rights, Democracy, and Labor. It is scandalous that the State Department currently spends more on its public relations bureau than on the human rights bureau, and this legislation will put an end to that scandal. The bill also authorizes $750 million for refugee protection--unfortunately, far more than the Administration requested or than has been appropriated for FY 2000--but we will work to get the request and appropriations for FY 2001 up to the mark in the Authorization Act.  Mr. Speaker, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act (H.R. 3427) also contains importantUnited Nations reforms--standards to which the United Nations must live up in order to receive the amounts provided in the settlement of the dispute over arrearages. It authorizes $4.5 billion over five years for Embassy construction and improvement so as to reduce dramatically the vulnerability of our overseas facilities to terrorism, and provides strict conditions to make sure the State Department really spends the money on security instead of any other preferences it might have.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3427 ensures that as the United States Information Agency is folded into the State Department, the international information programs of USIA will not be converted into domestic press offices or propaganda organs. It requires that U.S. educational and cultural exchange programs provide safeguards against the inclusion of thugs and spies from dictatorial regimes and to increase the opportunities for human rights and democracy advocates to participate in these programs. (One of the requirements is that we conduct no further police training programs for members of the Royal Ulster Constabulary until we have in place vetting procedures to exclude participation by RUC officers who participated in or condoned serious human rights violations, such as the murders of defense attorneys Patrick Finucane and Rosemary Nelson.)  Mr. Speaker, this bill makes clear that Congress expects important reforms in our Vietnamese refugee programs for allied combat veterans, former U.S. government employees, and their families. It continues a requirement of current law that the programs the United Nations Development Program conducts in Burma be conducted in consultation with the legitimately elected pro-democracy authorities in that country, and that these programs not serve the interests of the brutal military dictatorship that currently holds power in Burma. The bill also provides funding for UNICEF, the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture, the World Food Program, for the Tibet, Burma, East Timor, and South Pacific Scholarships, and for other programs which will promote American interests and American values around the world.  