Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, let me just say, first of all, I want to commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) and thank my good friend for offering this amendment. It is modeled after section 408 of my bill, which passed the House two weeks ago, the American Embassy Security Act and State Department bill, H.R. 2415.  Section 408 of my bill, which the gentleman from New York (Mr. King) and I proposed as an amendment during the markup, seeks ``to end the intimidation of defense attorneys in Northern Ireland and to secure impartial investigations of the murders of two heroic defense attorneys, Rosemary Nelson and Patrick Finnucane.''  To accomplish this, we proposed cutting off U.S.-sponsored exchange and training programs between the FBI and the RUC until the President certifies that the Northern Irish police force, known as the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), has cleaned up its act.  The gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) deserves credit for his efforts to raise this issue today in a way that hopefully will push the ball forward.  Let me just point out to my colleagues, Rosemary Nelson appeared before the Committee on International Operations and Human Resources on September 29, 1998 and gave riveting and chilling testimony as to how the RUC had intimidated her, had roughed her up, and then made death threats against her. She said that in open hearing. All those at the hearing listened to her with rapt attention--both the Members that were there and those interested citizens in attendance. She pointed out that while she feared for her life at the hands of the RUC, she was, nevertheless, totally committed to pursuing her human rights work in the north of Ireland. She was inspiring, courageous and smart.  Then, in an act of cowardly terrorism, she was assassinated by a car bomb. Astonishingly, the British Government had the audacity and insensitivity, to put the very people, the RUC, in charge of the investigation. And then they proceeded to use a minimal FBI presence as cover.  So we checked into it. It turned out the FBI had a very superficial role--a role used by the RUC for public relations purposes and, thankfully, none of us on either side of the aisle were deceived by it.  Secretary Mo Moland met with members of our Committee and immediately launched into how the FBI was on the job. I, for one was underwhelmed and unimpressed. So our amendment seeks to suspend a collaboration used to cover up possible complicity and collusion. And to get serious about honest policies. So until we get a transparent, honest investigation into both Pat Finnucane and Rosemary Nelson and real tangible protections for defense attorneys, it would be unseemingly and unethical for us to continue that collaboration between the RUC and the FBI.  I yield back the balance of my time  