I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks ago I introduced H. Con. Res. 218 which already has more than 70 bipartisan cosponsors, including the chairman of the full committee the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman); the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi); the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf); the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos); the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown); the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Pitts) and many others, condemning the crackdown of the Falun Gong spiritual movement by the government of the People's Republic of China. As we all know by now, the Chinese dictatorship has long been brutal in its suppression of religious practice that is not state-controlled. Tibetan Buddhists, Catholics loyal to the Pope, Uighur Muslims in Xinjiang Province and Protestant House Church members have all borne the brunt of a systematic and brutal persecution by the Chinese government which often includes torture. In recent months, the Chinese government has embarked on a new campaign, an attempt, in its own words, to smash Falun Gong, a peaceful and nonviolent form of spiritual practice.  A meditative spirituality that blends elements of Buddhism and Taoism, Falun Gong has millions of adherents in China and elsewhere. Since the group was banned in July of this year, thousands of ordinary citizens from all over China have been jailed for refusing to give up their practice. There have been many credible reports of torture and inhumane treatment of detained practitioners, including a report that a 42-year-old woman was tortured to death by Chinese thugs. Numerous practitioners, Mr. Speaker, have been sentenced to labor camps without trial and thousands have lost their jobs or have been expelled from schools.  The Chinese government has also enacted laws criminalizing Falun Gong. This past Friday after a single, 7-hour closed hearing, China handed down the first sentences against Falun Gong practitioners. Three men and one woman received sentences ranging from 2 to 12 years for ``using an evil cult to obstruct the law.'' It is feared that those were only the first of what will become many trials aimed at stamping out the practice of Falun Gong. According to press reports, China will begin a new series of approximately 300 trials starting on Sunday with the trial of a 63-year-old retired schoolteacher kicking that off. This is an absolute outrage. Thankfully the House, I hope, will soon go on record condemning it.  The fact that this rash of trials follows so closely on the heels of the Beijing visit of U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan demonstrates the failure of his visit to advance the cause of human rights in China. I could not believe my eyes, Mr. Speaker, reading yesterday's press reports of the Secretary-General's remarks on Tuesday. Mr. Annan stated that the Chinese foreign minister had given him ``a better understanding of some of the issues involved'' in the Falun Gong crackdown. He also parroted the Chinese official line, stating that, and I quote, ``In dealing with this issue, the fundamental rights of citizens will be respected, and some of the actions they are taking are for the protection of individuals.''  Certainly Mr. Annan cannot be ignorant of the credible reports to the contrary that have been pouring out of China in recent weeks. I fear that the Secretary-General's failure to empathize with and to speak out on behalf of these oppressed people and his willingness to give the Chinese oppressors the benefit of an unjustified doubt has only emboldened them in their efforts to crush Falun Gong.  The suppression of Falun Gong in China has been brutal, it has been systematic, and it continues as we meet here tonight. Two days ago, during the Secretary-General's visit, the authorities arrested 20 more people who were practitioners of Falun Gong who were meditating in Tiananmen Square. The police used force against the group, reportedly kicking and jumping on the peaceful protesters before removing them from the square in a van.  In response to this further suppression of fundamental human rights by the Beijing dictatorship, H. Con. Res. 218 expresses the sense of the Congress that the government of the PRC should stop persecuting Falun Gong practitioners and other religious believers and expresses our belief that the U.S. Government should use every appropriate forum to urge the PRC to release all detained Falun Gong practitioners; allow those practitioners to pursue their beliefs in accordance with the Chinese constitution; and to abide by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.  Given this Chamber's commitment to freedom of conscience and the undisguised severity of the persecution against Falun Gong, I strongly urge support of this resolution.  