Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H. Res. 325, a resolution expressing the will of the House that the Federal Government has an important responsibility to appropriately fund vital life-saving and life-affirming research to treat and cure diabetes. As a co-sponsor of this resolution, and as a member of the Congressional Diabetes Caucus, I believe the goal of understanding the causes of diabetes, and thereby discovering a cure, is both attainable and appropriate for our nation.  Diabetes affects 16 million Americans and is one of the leading causes of blindness, amputations, kidney disease, and heart disease. Researchers at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), at our hospitals and medical centers, and at our nation's research-based pharmaceutical companies, are all working hard to find a cure for diabetes. But they need the full support of Congress, because the problem is simply too big for any one segment of our society to conquer on its own.  Through this resolution, Congress is putting itself on record advocating the funding level of $827 million dollars recommended by the Diabetes Research Working Group. This is the amount of NIH funding deemed to be necessary to wage a full-fledged war on diabetes. I hope the National Institutes of Health (NIH) takes a careful look at this vote on H. Res. 325 as they compile their research priorities in the coming years.  In the U.S., there are currently 123,000 persons under age 20--most of them children--suffering from diabetes. We know these children because they live in every community in America. One such child is Charlie Coates, a precocious young boy from Highstown, New Jersey, who visited my office in Washington, D.C., along with his father, David Coates. Charlie has diabetes, and Charlie's future, andthe futures of thousands of children just like him, depend in part on the decisions made here in Congress and in Bethesda, Maryland, the headquarters of the NIH. Diabetes affects virtually every tissue and organ in Charlie's body, and it can create serious medical complications for him. His mother and father have to be constantly vigilant to make sure Charlie's diabetes is kept under control with insulin. Right now, the average life expectancy of a person with diabetes is 15 to 20 years less than for those without the disease. Indeed, the stakes for children like Charlie are very high in this fight. Children like him need a medical breakthrough, and they need it now.  We are at a crucial decision point in the war on diabetes. Will we try to wage this war on the cheap, with proverbial sticks and rocks? For the sake of 16 million Americans, I sure hope not. Or will we use the full array of life-affirming and life-saving technology at our nation's disposal, and fund the fight at the level recommended by the Diabetes Research Working Group?  As a nation, we need to refocus and rededicate ourselves to finding the cure for diabetes. Despite great progress to date at the NIH, we are still not designating diabetes among our top priorities. For instance, from FY 1980 through 1999, NIH-funded diabetes research as a percentage of the total NIH budget has never exceeded 4.1 percent, despite the fact that diabetes-related illnesses during the same period represented 12 to 14 percent of the health care expenses in the United States. Right now, only $30 per year in federal research is spent per person affected with diabetes. That is less than a family might spend for a movie and a pizza! Affected persons need more care and relief than $30 per person per year can buy.  Diabetes costs our nation an estimated $105 billion annually in health care costs. In addition, seniors are also at a great risk for diabetes. Fully one out of every four Medicare dollars is spent on caring for diabetes, totaling about $28.6 billion per year and making diabetes and its related complications Medicare's single largest expense. And the human costs of diabetes are simply incalculable.  Diabetes is not a discriminatory disease. It is a lifelong condition that affects people of every age, race, income level, and nationality. The number of Americans with diabetes has increased nearly 700 percent in the past 40 years, leading the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to call it the ``epidemic of our time.'' Nearly 123,000 children and persons under 20 suffer from some form of diabetes.  The cost would most likely be lower if diabetes were detected earlier. Too frequently this epidemic goes undiagnosed: 5.4 million Americans have the disease but do not know it. About 197,000 Americans die each year from the complications of diabetes, and there are approximately 800,000 newly diagnosed cases each year.  But there is hope, if only Congress will set aside the necessary resources to track down promising leads and research proposals. Early detection and preventive medicine is crucial in assisting Americans become better aware and educated about diabetes. If we can teach patients to know the warning signs and symptoms of diabetes, we can lower the risks of further infection an complications.  With the information technology revolution upon us, I believe a cure is in sight. I voice my enthusiastic support for H. Res. 325, and urge every one of my colleagues to do the same.  Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time.  