Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. I want to thank the gentleman for leading our debate and introducing his resolution.  Mr. Speaker, each year at this time, Congress has the opportunity to review the results of the administration's China policy, and each year it becomes more clear how miserably that policy has failed.  In the 5 years since President Clinton delinked China's MFN status from human rights, there has been significant regression, not progress in China. Now, even as we hold this debate, Beijing is conducting another major crackdown, the most important internal security exercise since the Tiananmen Square massacre against religious freedom.  Mr. Speaker, the Chinese government knows this vote is taking place today. We are being watched, and we are being tested. The test is simple. If we ignore the latest escalation in the brutality, if we just vote the same way we have in the past, then we fail. We will have abandoned the Chinese people. We will have abandoned our ideals of democracy and human rights.  I ask my colleagues, what will it take for us to say no more business as usual with Communist China? I would respectfully submit that any reasonable limit has been passed a long time ago.  Mr. Speaker, the administration's so-called policy of constructive engagement on behalf of human rights has been a disaster, even according to the administration's own benchmarks. In quarterly reports, Amnesty International tracks the seven human rights policy goals that President Clinton announced before his 1998 trip to Beijing.  Those Amnesty reports detail a complete lack of progress in all categories. Let me explain. On the release of all prisoners of conscience and Tiananmen Square prisoners. Amnesty reports total failure, regression.  Two, review of all counter-revolutionary prison terms: Total failure, no progress.  Allow religious freedom. Amnesty reports total failure, no progress.  Four, prevent coercive family planning and harvesting of organs: Total failure, no progress.  Five, fully implement pledges on human rights treaties: No progress.  Six, review of reeducation through labor system: Total failure, no progress.  Seven, end police and prison brutality: Again, Amnesty reports total failure, no progress.  Mr. Speaker, the Communist government of the PRC blatantly and systematically violates the most fundamental human rights. It tracks down and stamps out political dissents. Just turn on television news. It is happening before our very eyes. The Beijing dictatorship imprisons religious leaders, ranging from the 10-year-old Panchen Lama to the elderly Catholic Bishop Su of Baoding. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) mentioned this holy and heroic man earlier. I led a human rights delegation to China a few years ago. Biship Su met us and celebrated mass. For that he was put into prison. Bishop Su said nothing offensive about the government. He loved those who hated him.  The Chinese government also harvests and sells the internal organs of executed prisoners. Harry Wu--the great Chinese human rights leaders testified about this practice at one of my hearings. China, as we all know forces women who have unauthorized pregnancies to abort their babies and then to be sterilized against their will. Brothers and sisters are illegal in China--forced abortion is common place. China continues to brutalize the indigenous peoples of Tibet and of Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, and it summarily executes Muslim Uighur political and religious prisoners.  Mr. Speaker, when will we learn the lesson that, when dealing with the PRC, the U.S. cannot settle for paper promises or deferred compliance? The Chinese dictatorship regularly tells bold-faced lies about the way it treats its own people. It says, for example, that nobody died in Tiananmen Square. Mr. Cho Hao Tlea, the Defense Minister in this city, said no one died there.  Mr. Speaker, I convened a hearing of several of the leaders of the democracy movement, some of the dissidents in correspondence who gave compelling testimony about how people died at Tiananmen Square; and, yet, the defense minister said nobody died. Incredible! I invited the defense minister to our hearing--he was a no show.  Mr. Speaker, as we know, the Chinese Government claims religious freedom exists in the PRC. We know now there is no religious freedom. But brother knows better.  Mr. Speaker, since my time is about to expire, I just want to remind Members that when the business community and the administration want to see intellectual property rights protected, what do we do? We threaten sanctions. I believe we should put people at least on par with pirated software, CDs, and movies. This Congress should declare that torture, forced abortion, and overt crimes against humanity count at least as much as protecting copyrights and consumer goods. Sanctions do work if consistently applied.  I urge a ``yes'' vote on the very important resolution of the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher). And salute him for his wisdom in offering it today.  