Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, the innate value of a baby is not diminished in any way simply because the child's mother happens to be an inmate. Children I believe are precious beyond words. The lives of their mothers, likewise, are of infinite value.  Forcing taxpayers to subsidize the killing of an incarcerated woman's child makes pro-life Americans accomplices--complicit with violence against children. I do urge a strong ``no'' on the DeGette amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I think we have got to face the truth. Abortion methods are violence against children, the death penalty for an innocent little child. Abortion methods dismember children. It is commonplace for the abortionist to literally cut a baby to pieces.  The previous speaker suggested that proscribing abortion funding might lead to the slippery slope of a denial of OB/GYN services or perhaps mammograms. That, frankly, is absurd. We are talking about something--abortion--that masquerades as somehow being health care when it actually is destructive. It kills babies.  I do think the suggestion of a slippery slope in this case is an insult to those of us who fight for and believe very strongly in the importance of mammograms and expanding OB/GYN services. Again, the DeGette amendment sanctions subside for killing. Nothing healing or curative about that.  Earlier in the debate I pointed out that abortion methods often dismember children. So let us focus on a moment on what abortion does. A high-powered suction machine, attached to a tube with a razor blade at the end is inserted into the womb, and the baby is literally hacked to pieces. That is the reality of a suction abortion. The suction device is some 20 to 30 times more powerful than a household vacuum cleaner. As the baby is cut up, the so-called ``contents of the uterus,'' the baby, are sucked into a bottle. That is outrageous and cruel. That is the killing of a baby. That is abortion.  Another method of abortion is saline abortions. Babies slaughtered in this way have saltwater injected into their amniotic sac. The baby swallows thecaustic salt. An unborn baby swallows the amniotic fluid daily to develop the organs of respiration. In abortion, saltwater goes into the infant's lungs, and the baby is poisoned. This is a death penalty, and it takes about 2 hours for the child to die--a very slow and agonizing death for the child to die from this type of abortion.  Of course the abortionist has all kinds of poisons at his or her disposal to destroy a baby. This is cruel and unusual punishment for a child who has committed no crime.  It is especially ironic, Mr. Chairman, at a time when ultrasound is like a window to the womb, and we know so much about a developing unborn child. We can watch a child suck his or her thumb. We can diagnose conditions and take corrective action. But, no, the DeGette amendment would say we have got to pay for a baby's destruction for a child who has done no wrong.  Mother Theresa at the National Prayer Breakfast a few years ago, with the President, the First Lady, the Vice President and his wife in attendance and many, diplomats and members of Congress told the gathering ``the greatest destroyer of peace today is abortion because it is a war against the child, a direct killing of an innocent child. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love but to use violence. That is why it is the greatest destroyer of love and peace.''  Then she said and admonished the President and all the diplomats and the Members of Congress assembled, ``Please do not kill the baby.''  Mr. Chairman, the baby of an inmate is just as important as any other child on earth. Please don't kill the baby. Reject government funding of violence against children. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the DeGette amendment.  