Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Just let me remind the gentleman from California (Mr. Horn) regarding his statement earlier, we provide about $385 million to nongovernmental organizations and governments. Hopefully it will have the Mexico City conditions attached to it. But that money goes for contraception and for family planning. We also provide AIDS money and child survival money. There is an enormous amount of humanitarian aid and I support much of that aid.  Let me also point out, Mr. Chairman, that Amnesty International recently did a report on coercion in China. They pointed out with an absolute, declarative sentence, this is something that many of the human rights groups have pointed out, including the State Department in its Country Reports on Human Rights Practices. Here is Amnesty's statement: ``Birth control has been compulsory in China since 1979.'' There is no right to choice on birth control. That includes, by the Chinese government's definition, abortion. It is estimated that in excess of 10 million abortions are performed in China every year, 90 percent of which are coerced in some way. Brothers and sisters, I say to my colleagues, are illegal in China. It is a one-child-per-couple policy. That is not family planning. That is Big Brother control.  I would hope my colleagues would realize that the means to implementing that just happen to be IUDs, abortion, things that many people in this Chamber, particularly on the other side of this issue, have no problem with. But when it is coerced, when that line of demarcation is crossed and forced abortion, which was properly construed to be a crime against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal, is looked at by the UNFPA year in and year out as being a voluntary program, that is where we have to draw the line and say, ``Wait a minute. The judgment of this organization is suspect.'' It is a very coercive program. Read the State Department's report. It is replete with examples and statements about how coercive it truly is. And read Amnesty's report. These are human rights organizations that have come out and said it is coercive.  I hope that we can draw the line and withhold this $20 million because an organization that does this kind of thing does not deserve it.  