Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, just let me make a couple of points.  I respect the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee). We recently traveled to Macedonia and Albania, we talked going and coming, and I think we struck up a very good friendship during the course of that trip. Regrettably, I believe the gentlewoman engaged in some very real hyperbole on the floor tonight.  First, the mandate that is in this bill, that is in existing law, remains the same.  What I am offering is a conscience clause, a real, honest-to-goodness conscience clause. Frankly, I am amazed. I said it earlier. I am very, very disappointed that those who take the view that abortions are okay, but for purposes of this language we are talking about chemicals that induce an early abortion, they want carriers to jettison their conscience. A carrier, obviously, is a group of people who form a corporation. Say it is Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Kaiser Permanente, NYL Care. Name the carrier, and say it does not have people behind it, it does not have a board of directors, it does not have people who might have a very strong sense of conscience regarding these things that is not related to their religious beliefs.  Moral convictions and religious beliefs, as I pointed out earlier in the U.S. Code, usually go hand in hand. Why the exception when it comes to abortion chemicals?  I am truly dismayed by this, that the conscience of those people who have a moral objection that is not rooted in religious beliefs, they may not have any, religious faith, there are a lot of agnostics out there, and some atheists out there who might have strong beliefs based on moral conviction why they do not want to proceed with this. If they collectively say, through a vote of board of directors, that they do not want to have abortion chemicals being provided, they should be able to object as a matter of moral conviction.  The amendment of the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey), an imperfecting amendment, to use what the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) said earlier, undermined that and suggests that moral convictions don't count. I would respectfully submit to all of my colleagues that moral convictions should count, and they should count equally with religious beliefs. Equally.  Again, I think it trivializes those people who do not have religious beliefs to say their moral convictions should be thrown over the side simply because we do not happen to agree with them.  Let me just also say once again, that my language comports with several existing statutes. It is very important. I will put all of them that I have compiled so far into the Record and ask my colleagues to take a look at it.  Let me just read the language of my amendment just so everyone is very clear. It talks about a conscience clause for any existing or future plan if the carrier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs or moral convictions.  Very simple and straightforward. The Lowey amendment strikes moral convictions. Again, I think that is a very, very serious imposition on those who have moral convictions that are not based on religious beliefs.  Again, we are not talking here about what our conscience would suggest in this. We are providing a framework for other people to exercise their consciences.  Why this idea of forcing people to all march down the same road if they have a moral conviction and sense they should go in the other direction? Again, that is why I urge a ``no'' vote on the Lowey amendment.  It is antithetical to the purported belief on choice on the other side. A man and woman, collectively as a plan, a carrier, does not have a choice anymore. Big brother in Washington is going to tell them they have to do this under pain of not being within the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program.  So let me just conclude by saying this is a conscience clause. Let me say it again. It is a conscience clause that is good, solid. It is rooted in boilerplate language that we find in other parts of the U.S. Code. I urge a strong no vote on the Lowey amendment and a yes vote on the Smith amendment.      Federal Statutes Protecting Moral and Religious Convictions       8 U.S.C. Sec. 1182(g). Bond and conditions for admission of      alien excludable on health-related grounds. The Attorney      General may waive the application of ... subsection      (a)(1)(A)(ii) of this section [requiring documentation of      having received vaccination against certain diseases] in the      case of any alien ... under such circumstances as the      Attorney General provides by regulation, with respect to whom      the requirement of such a vaccination would be contrary to      the alien's religious beliefs or moral convictions....       18 U.S.C. Sec. 3597(b). Excuse of an employee on moral or      religious grounds. No employee of any State department of      corrections, the United States Department of Justice, the      Federal Bureau of Prisons, or the United States Marshals      Service, and no employee providing services to that      department, bureau, or service under contract shall be      required, as a condition of that employment or contractual      obligation, to be in attendance at or to participate in any      prosecution or execution under this section if such      participation is contrary to the moral or religious      convictions of the employee. In this subsection,      ``participation in executions'' includes personal preparation      of the condemned individual and the apparatus used for      execution and supervision of the activities of other      personnel in carrying out such activities.       21 U.S.C. Sec. 848(r). Refusal to participate by State and      Federal correctional employees. No employee of any State      department of corrections or the Federal Bureau of Prisons      and no employee providing services to that department or      bureau under contract shall be required, as a condition of      that employment, or contractual obligation to be in      attendance at or to participate in any execution carrier out      under this section if such participation is contrary to the      moral or religious convictions of the employee. For purposes      of this subsection, the term ``participation in executions''      includes personal preparation of the condemned individual and      the apparatus used for execution and supervision of the      activities of other personnel in carrying out such      activities.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 300a-7(b). Prohibition of public officials      and public authorities from imposition of certain      requirements contrary to religious beliefs or moral      convictions. The receipt of any grant, contract, loan, or      loan guarantee under the Public Health Service Act [42 U.S.C.      Sec. 201 et seq.], the Community Mental Health Centers Act      [42 U.S.C. Sec. 2689 et seq.], or the Developmental      Disabilities Services and Facilities Construction Act [42      U.S.C. Sec. 6000 et seq.] by any individual or entity does      not authorize any court or any public official or other      public authority to require--       (1) such individual to perform or assist in the performance      of any sterilization procedure or abortion if his performance      or assistance in the performance of such procedure or      abortion would be contrary to his religious beliefs or moral      convictions; or       (2) such entity to----       (A) make its facilities available for the performance of      any sterilization procedure or abortion if the performance of      such procedure or abortion in such facilities is prohibited      by the entity on the basis of religious beliefs or moral      convictions, or       (B) provide any personnel for the performance or assistance      in the performance of any sterilization procedure or abortion      if the performance or assistance in the performance of such      procedure or abortion by such personnel would be contrary to      the religious beliefs or moral convictions of such personnel.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 300a-7(c). Discrimination prohibition. (1)      No entity which receives a grant, contract, loan, or loan      guarantee under the Public Health Service Act [42 U.S.C.      Sec. 201 et seq.], the Community Mental Health Centers Act      [42 U.S.C. Sec. 2689 et seq.], or the Developmental      Disabilities Services and Facilities Construction Act [42      U.S.C. Sec. 6000 et seq.] after June 18, 1973 may----       (A) discriminate in the employment, promotion, or      termination of employment of any physician or other health      care personnel, or       (B) discriminate in the extension of staff or other      privileges to any physician or other health care personnel,     because he performed or assisted in the performance of a      lawful sterilization procedure or abortion, because he      refused to perform or assist in the performance of such a      procedure or abortion on the grounds that his performance or      assistance in the performance of the procedure or abortion      would be contrary to his religious beliefs or moral      convictions, or because of his religious beliefs or moral      convictions respecting sterilization procedures or abortions.       (2) No entity which receives after July 12, 1974, a grant      or contract for biomedical or behavioral research under any      program administered by the Secretary of Health and Human      Services may----       (A) discriminate in the employment, promotion, or      termination of employment of any physician or other health      care personnel, or       (B) discriminate in the extension of staff or other      privileges to any physician or other health care personnel,     because he performed or assisted in the performance of any      lawful health service or research activity, because he      refused to perform or assist in the performance of any such      service or activity on the grounds that his performance or      assistance in the performance of such service or activity      would be contrary to his religious beliefs or moral      convictions, or because of his religious beliefs or moral      convictions respecting any such service or activity.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 300a-7(d). Individual rights respecting      certain requirements contrary to religious] beliefs or moral      convictions. No individual shall be required to perform or      assist in the performance of any part of a health service      program or research activity funded in whole or in part under      a program administered by the Secretary of Health and Human      Services if his performance or assistance in the performance      of such part of such program or activity would be contrary to      his religious beliefs or moral convictions.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 300a-7(e). Prohibition on entities receiving      Federal grant, etc., from discriminating against applicants      for training or study because of refusal of applicant to      participate on religious or moral grounds. No entity which      receives, after September 29, 1979, any grant, contract,      loan, loan guarantee, or interest subsidy under the Public      Health Service Act [42 U.S.C. Sec. 201 et seq.], the      Community Mental Health Centers Act [42 U.S.C. Sec. 2689 et      seq.], or the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill      of Rights Act [42 U.S.C. Sec. 6000 et seq.] may deny      admission or otherwise discriminate against any applicant      (including applicants for internships and residencies) for      training or study because of the applicant's reluctance, or      willingness, to counsel, suggest, recommend, assist, or in      any way participate in the performance of abortions or      sterilizations contrary to or consistent with the applicant's      religious beliefs or moral convictions.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 1395w-22(j)(3)(B). Conscience protection.      Subparagraph (A) [prohibiting interference with provider      advice to enrollees] shall not be construed as requiring a      Medicare + Choice plan to provide, reimburse for, or provide      coverage of a counseling or referral service if the Medicare      + Choice organization offering the plan--(i) objects to the      provision of such service on moral or religious grounds; and      (ii) in the manner and through the written instrumentalities      such Medicare + Choice organization deems appropriate, makes      available information on its policies regarding such service      to prospective enrollees before or during enrollment and to      enrollees within 90 days after the date that the organization      or plan adopts a change in policy regarding such a counseling      or referral service.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 1396u-2(b)(3). Construction. Subparagraph      (A) [protecting enrollee-provider communications] shall not      be construed as requiring a medicaid managed care      organization to provide, reimburse for, or provide coverage      of, a counseling or referral service if the organization (i)      objects to the provisions of such service on moral or      religious grounds; and (ii) in the manner and through the      written instrumentalities such organization deems      appropriate, makes available information on its policies      regarding such service to prospective enrollees before or      during enrollment and to enrollees within 90 days after the      date that the organization adopts a change in policy      regarding such a counseling or referral service.       42 U.S.C. Sec. 2996f(b). Limitations on uses. No funds made      available by the [Legal Services] Corporation under this      subchapter, either by grant or contract, may be used . . .      (8) to provide legal assistance with respect to any      proceeding or litigation which seeks to procure a      nontherapeutic abortion or to compel any individual or      institution to perform an abortion, or assist in the      performance of an abortion, or provide facilities for the      performance of an abortion, contrary to the religious beliefs      or moral convictions of such individual or institution.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  