Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the distinguished whip of the majority party.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Smith-Barcia amendment. Under no circumstances, under no circumstances should American taxpayers underwrite pro-abortion activities in foreign countries. Today an increasing number of Americans are growing weary of the abortion on demand policy in our land. There is a growing sense that this practice has hardened our hearts and torn the very moral fabric of this great Nation in two.  After almost three decades, American attitudes towards abortion are becoming less permissive. In fact, a recent survey for the Center for Gender Equality showed that 53 percent of American women believe that abortion should be illegal under all circumstances, or allowed only in cases of rape, incest, and the life of the mother. That is up 8 percent from only 2 years ago.  During this time, when American views on abortion are changing so drastically, it should not be the policy of the United States to undermine abortion laws in other countries. Over the last 6 years, the U.S. Government has provided over $3 billion of taxpayer money to population control organizations overseas. Many of these groups are the largest abortion providers and promoters in the world.  This amendment does not cut population control funding to these organizations by one cent, even though many of us would like to do so. This amendment simply prohibits American aid from going to groups that violate existing foreign abortion laws, or lobby to change the laws in approximately 100 countries that currently restrict that practice.  Mr. Chairman, in a Nation founded on freedom, we must continue to trumpet the reality that all of our rights add up to nothing if we do not protect the most important of them all, the right to be born. While we are struggling with this truth at home, we definitely should not be undermining abortion laws abroad.  I just urge my colleagues to support the Smith-Barcia amendment.  