Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, just let me make a quick observation on how we got here in terms of the so-called arrearages. If one looks at the aggregate, the $926 million, a portion of that had to do with legislative policy withholdings. For example, no funds for the implementation for the General Assembly resolution which equated racism equals Zionism; the Kassebaum-Solomon amendment, which withheld 20 percent of U.S. assessed dues to the U.N. and specialized agencies unless those agencies granted voting rights on budgetary matters proportionate to budget contributions by each country. These were important policies, there was nothing frivolous about withholding funds to encourage reform.  In 1994, the House & Senate passed, and the President signed, legislation, best described as burden-sharing legislation that said the U.S. is going to reduce its assessed contribution for peacekeeping from 31 percent down to 25. Since 1996, our contribution has dropped from 31 down to 25. That is one reason why we have such an enormous so-called arrearage at the U.N.  We lowered our subsidy in a way reminiscent of our efforts to get other NATO nations to share more of the defense burden in Western Europe. We took the bull by the horns and lowered US contributions to UN peacekeeping--assessed peacekeeping--down to 25 percent. This talk about the U.S. being a deadbeat is absurd. We pay more than our fair share.  So I must register my very strong opposition to this amendment, offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hall), my very good friend. Let me note that I would like nothing better but to put this dispute behind us. But passage of this amendment today would likely make it harder, not easier, to resolve the dispute over U.N. arrearages and especially to get real and meaningful U.N. reform. The Amendment also seeks to delink the connection between the Mexico City policy and arrears. That would be wrong.  We have passed reform legislation in the past. With arguable results. Reform has been spotty at best. So to maximize our reform efforts the appropriations bill before us would effectively advance U.N. reform by making any payment of the disputed arrearages expressly conditional on passage of a separate authorization bill.  The Hall amendment would delete this important requirement so that the U.N. would get its money without real reform. Yes, the underlying language in the bill would require reduction of dues, to 22 percent.  But most importantly, it says nothing about reducing our share of peacekeeping assessments from 31 to 25 percent. However, the U.S. government has already enacted this reduction--so arrearages may continue to expand unless the U.N. reduces our 25 percent ceiling.  The Hall amendment says nothing about U.N. inspectors general or about corruption, about nepotism, overspending, U.N. taxation, infringements on United States sovereignty, or other issues addressed by the U.N. reform package.  Mr. Chairman, by providing over $244 million to the U.N. without the careful process of deliberation and negotiation that is necessary for a true dispute resolution, we would seriously undermine and likely defeat the prospects for real reform. We would enable and empower continued bad behavior on the part of the U.N. officials and specialized agencies.  Mr. Chairman, again I want to respond to this spurious accusation that the United States has been a deadbeat in its financial support of the United Nations. Rhetoric like that is particularly embarrassing when it comes from the mouths of the U.S. officials whose job it is to defend our interests, and it does violence to the facts about the relationship between the United States and the U.N.  It would be far more accurate to say that the United States is by far the U.N.'s largest benefactor. Not deadbeat, benefactor--with a capital B.  Consider this in the first 51 years of the U.N.'s existence, the United States paid approximately $35 billion into the U.N. system and somewhere between $6 and $15 billion additional dollars for costs for U.N.-authorized peacekeeping missions. That amount dwarfs the contributions of all other countries in the world.  In fiscal year 1997, for example, the U.S. paid roughly three times more into the U.N. system than Germany. The U.K. donates Five percent, that is all. We are 25 percent dues to 31 percent peacekeeping. We give five times more than France, 35 times more than the People's Republic of China. They are under 1 percent. Time for some burden sharings adjustments it would seem to me.  Last year, Uncle Sam provided $1.5 billion to the U.N., and $300 million of that was voluntary not assessed. And we get no credit for that. In most cases we are glad to give it, to advance humanitarian goals that feed, clothe and vaccinate children.  Still Mr. Chairman, many Americans and their representatives are deeply skeptical of some of the U.N's work. Some, seeing the waste and the fraud and the abuse that is rampant, some feel that drastic cuts in the U.N. funding are in order.  