Mr. Speaker, today the House is considering H.R. 2280, the Veterans' Benefits Improvement Act of 1999. I am particularly pleased this legislation includes the provisions of H.R. 690, legislation I have introduced to add bronchiole-alveolar carcinoma to the VA's list of diseases that are service-connected due to radiation exposure. I testified on behalf of H.R. 690 before the House Veterans' Affairs Benefits Subcommittee just three weeks ago and I had the opportunity recognize Joan McCarthy, a resident of New Jersey who first brought the need for this legislation to my attention ten years ago.  This bill needs to be enacted as a matter of fairness. The provisions of H.R. 690 included in today's bill essentially state that if you were a veteran exposed to ionizing radiation in a government nuclear test, like those in Operation Wigwam (a nuclear test in Pacific during 1955), and you develop a rare form of lung cancer unrelated to smoking tobacco, our government will take care of you. Sadly, this is not the case today. For the families of veterans and for widows, like Joan McCarthy, the enactment of H.R. 2280 is necessary to ensure that America does not abandon those who suffered and died solely because of their selfless, faithful services in the United States Armed Forces.  Joan's husband, Tom McCarthy, participated in Operation Wigwam, a nuclear test on May 14, 1955 which involved a deep underwater detonation of a 30-kiloton plutonium bomb in the Pacific Ocean, about 500 miles Southwest of San Diego, California.  Tom served as a navigator on the U.S.S. McKinley, one of the ships assigned to monitor the Operation Wigwam test. The detonation of the nuclear weapon broke the surface of the water, creating a giant wave and bathing the area with a radioactive mist. Government reports produced by the Defense Nuclear Agency indicate that the entire test area was awash with the airborne toxins from the detonation. The spray from the explosion was described in the official government reports as an ``insidious hazard which turned into an invisible radioactive aerosol.'' Tom spent four days in this environment while serving abroad the U.S.S. McKinley.  In April of 1981, at the age of 44, Tom McCarthy died of a rare form of lung cancer, bronchiolo-alveolar pulmonary carcinoma. This is an important point, because Tom was a non-smoker, and this illness is a non-smoking related lung cancer. Indeed, according to he American Cancer Society, 87% of all lung cancers are related to smoking. On his deathbed, Tom told Joan, his wife, about his involvement in Operation Wigwam and wondered about the fate of the other men who were also stationed on the U.S.S. McKinley and on the other ships in the area.  As my colleagues on the committee will remember, Congress passed H.R. 690 at the end of the 105th Congress. Unfortunately, our Senate colleagues failed to take up this legislation before Congress adjourned. However, I am happy to report that our former colleague on the committee. Senator Tim Hutchinson is sponsoring this legislation on the Senate side and believe that our early consideration of H.R. 690 in the House will help in his efforts in the other chamber. The enactment of H.R. 690 is long overdue and I would like to thank Chairman Stump, Subcommittee Chairman Quinn, Ranking Member Evans, as well as the other members of the committee have lent their support as cosponsors of H.R. 690.  I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2280 so that the Senate may move expeditiously on this legislation and so that Joan McCarthy and the handful of widows around the United States who have lost their husbands to this cancer may finally receive the recognition and Disability and Indemnity Compensation (DIC) benefits from the VA which they so rightly deserve.  