Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, for 20 years the U.N. Population Fund has poured millions of dollars, about $157 million to be exact, provided technical assistance, and given effusive praise to China's program that relies on forced abortion and forced sterilization to achieve its goals.  For 20 years, the UNFPA has whitewashed these crimes, the kind the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Myrick) just talked about, and has heaped lavish praise on China's one-child-per-couple program. It has provided cover and covered up for the Beijing hardliners who oppress and victimize women and murder their children.  In fact, Nafis Sadik, the executive director of the UNFPA, has had this to say about the Chinese program: ``The implementation of the policy in China and the acceptance of the policy is purely voluntary. There is no such thing as a license to have a birth.'' That is an unmitigated lie, I say to my colleagues.  She has also said, ``The UNFPA firmly believes, and so does the Government of the People's Republic of China, that their program is a totally voluntary program.'' That, too, is a lie.  For 20 years, the UNFPA has participated with the perpetrators of the most egregious systematic abuse of women in history. My colleagues heard the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Myrick) talk about Mrs. Gao. She was one of those who ran the program in Fujian Province for 14 years. That is what the UNFPA has covered up for all of these years.  Let me just remind my colleagues that both Presidents Reagan and Bush, with the support of Democratic Congresses, barred all funding to the UNFPA because of its complicity and support of China's barbaric program.  Last year Congress passed and President Clinton signed the Omnibus Appropriations Act that included a total cut-off of UNFPA funding. Why? Because it includes heavily forced abortion and forced sterilization.  The amendment that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia) and I are offering would prohibit U.S. funding to the UNFPA unless the President certified that UNFPA has terminated all activities in the PRC; or, during the 12 months preceding such certification there have been no abortions as a result of coercion.  This is all about forced abortion. The UNFPA has been complicit. They have supported it. And they have said it with their statements and have been part of a cover-up.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  