Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  First, I rise in reluctant opposition to the amendment offered by my friend and colleague from California. I share the Member's concern about recent negative trends within Peru. I have held hearings in my own Subcommittee on International Operations andHuman Rights focusing on some of those concerns with regard to human rights problems. There is a serious need for increased press freedom and judicial independence in that country. There is no doubt about that. I also agree that the procedures used to convict Lori Berenson of aggravated terrorism were egregious.  Lori Berenson certainly deserves due process and to have her case tried by an open, civilian court in Peru. The fact that Peru discontinued its use of faceless military tribunals in 1997 is a further indictment of the process that was used to convict her.  But the amendment before us calls for something different than a fair trial and due process rights for Berenson. Let me just point out that it calls for release. It calls for her release. I think that goes beyond what we should be willing to do. In so doing, it implies her innocence. We should be taking no stance on the merits of the very serious terrorism charges leveled against Ms. Berenson and we must avoid commenting, even implicitly, on the serious evidence against her. To do anything else would denigrate the valid interest of the people of Peru in combating terrorism, which that has claimed the lives of tens of thousands of Peruvian civilians during the past two decades.  Mr. Chairman, the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement, or MRTA, which Ms. Berenson is accused of assisting, is a terrorist organization. According to our State Department, it was responsible for numerous killings of civilians, hundreds of violent attacks and other egregious human rights violations in Peru during the past year. The MRTA was responsible for the siege of the Japanese ambassador's residence in late 1996 which resulted in the holding of numerous hostages, including over a dozen Americans, for 5 months. Assisting such activities could merit someone a life sentence here in the United States. Again, she needs due process and a fair trial and we should not comment on whether or not she is innocent or guilty.  Mr. Chairman, people in the United States have the right to a fair trial and an opportunity to confront their accusers. I believe we must demand such basic rights for U.S. citizens abroad, no matter how serious the charges may be against them. We must demand an open, fair trial for Lori Berenson. Unfortunately, this amendment does not do that. It says in the plain text, it calls for her release. So I must respectfully oppose it.  Let me also point out, Mr. Chairman, that the human rights organizations, such as Amnesty International have been calling for a fair trial. They have not been calling for her release. I respectfully suggest to the gentlewoman from California, these groups--and I am a great admirer of Amnesty International--have not said release her. They have said she has to get a fair trial.  