Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago the U.S. sent a representative to Vietnam to conduct a human rights dialog with the government there. At the conclusion of the dialogue the Vietnamese government issued a statement essentially denying that the U.S. had any right whatsoever to concern itself with human rights outside of its borders. However, less than 2 weeks later, with the obligatory dialogue out of the way, the U.S. sent another representative to Vietnam, and this time we signed an agreement in principle to give MFN, or normal trading status to Vietnam, sending a clear message to the Hanoi dictatorship that they can safely ignore everything else we say about human rights and still get what they want from our government.  Mr. Speaker, let us be very clear on one thing. There is no freedom of immigration from Vietnam. If there were, there would be no need for this waiver. The administration could simply certify that Vietnam complies with the Jackson-Vanik freedom of immigration requirement. Instead, by waiving the requirement, the administration has conceded that there is no such freedom.  Mr. Speaker, the only significant human rights concession the Vietnamese Government has made in order to get the waiver was to finally begin letting us interview people under the rover program. Now I happen to be a very enthusiastic supporter of this program, and for the Record Members will recall that I was the prime sponsor of the amendment on this floor that stopped us from doing what I think would have been very, very cruel, and that would be to end the CPA, the Comprehensive Plan of Action, to just send the people back without giving them any opportunity to get re-reviewed after some bogus reviews were done, or interviews.  The refugee program, the rover program, works when there was a real push, and the ambassador, Pete Peterson, did do a good job in pushing when he had the effort of ourselves holding up the waiver. 13,000 people were cleared, but as soon as the waiver was granted, the clearances slowed right back to a trickle.  Mr. Speaker, let us not forget the prisoners of conscience; let us not forget the Catholic priests and the Buddhist monks. The religious persecution situation has gotten worse since last April when additional restrictions on exercise of religion was put on those people.  Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the gentleman from California's (Mr. Rohrabacher) resolution.  Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago the United States sent a representative to Vietnam to conduct a ``human rights dialogue'' with the government there. At the conclusion of the dialogue, the Vietnamese Government issued a statement essentially denying that the United States had any right at all to concern itself with human rights outside its own borders. Less than two weeks later with the obligatory dialogue out of the way, the United States sent another representative to Vietnam. This one signed an ``agreement in principle'' to give Most Favored Nation status to Vietnam--sending a clear message that the Hanoi dictatorship can safely ignore everything we say about human rights, and still get what it wants from our government. Because the waiver of the Jackson-Vanik freedom of emigration provisions is a prerequisite to MFN, the communist regime--and its victims--are watching today's vote very closely.  Let use be clear, Mr. Speaker, on what this vote is about. It is about U.S. taxpayer subsidies for one of the worst dictatorships in the world.  And let's be clear on one other thing: there is no freedom of emigration from Vietnam. If there were, there would be no need for a waiver. The Administration could simply certify that Viet Nam complies with the Jackson-Vanik freedom-of-emigration requirement. Instead, by waving the requirement, the Administration has conceded that there is no such freedom. Yes, the government allows some people to leave, when it is good and ready. But for many thousands who have been persecuted because they were on our side during the war, Vietnam is still a prison.  Finally, I hope my colleagues understand that this is not a vote about free trade. It is about subsidies--corporate welfare for Communists. Since the President gave the waiver in March of 1998, the U.S. taxpayers have been paying for Eximbank and OPIC subsidies of trade and investment in Vietnam. Many of these taxpayer dollars subsidize ventures owned in large part by the government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.  Overregulation and widespread corruption make Vietnam a terrible place to do business. Starting this year, foreign businesses in Vietnam are no longer allowed to hire Vietnamese employees directly, but must go through the government. No only does this practice encourage corruption, it also excludes victims of persecution from what for many is the only potential source of employment available to them. In addition, according to a recent Ministry of finance audit, 5.8 billion dollars--one third of Vietnam's total civil service assets--are unaccounted for. Most of the money reportedly was spend on luxury items for high-ranking communist officials. So U.S. taxpayers are now forced to compensate businesses for the greed and inefficiency of their partners in Hanoi.  The only significant human rights concession the Vietnamese Government made in order to get the waiver was to finally begin letting us interview people under the ``ROVER'' program (Resettlement Opportunities for Vietnamese Refugees). Now I happen to be an enthusiastic supporter of this program was prime sponsor of the amendment to ensure that the Boat People refugees weren't sent back. ROVR was the compromise, it provide a new interview for people who managed to escape Vietnam but were forced back--althought many were refugees. They were promised that as soon as they got back, the U.S. would interview them and resettle them if they were eligible for our protection. But of course the Vietnamese government broke its promise. For over a year and a half they hardly let us interview nobody. Finally, when we really held their feet to the fire, they cleared 13,000 people. But as soon as the waiver was granted, the clearances slowed back to atrickle.  In fact, the emigration situation has become worse since the waiver. In the last year, communist officials reportedly have been demanding much larger bribes in exchange for access to U.S. refugee programs. An average emigrant must pay about one thousand dollars in bribes--more than three times the average annual salary of Vietnamese workers. In some cases, government officials have demanded tens of thousands of dollars from eligible refugees.  Finally, we must not forget the prisoners of conscience. Hanoi imprisons Catholic priests, Buddhist monks, pro-democracy activists, scholars, and poets. Last April, the regime placed additional restrictions on religious exercise and permanently appropriated properties that it had confiscated from different churches. When we complain to the Vietnamese Government, they just respond that ``we have a different system.'' They need to be persuadedthat a system like this is not one that Americans will subsidize.  The lesson is obvious: the Vietnamese Government has no trouble clearing refugees for interview when it really wants to. But once they get what they want from us, they have no interest in allowing people to leave. So we should disapprove the Jackson-Vanik waiver at least until the government allows all the refugees to leave: not only the returnees who are eligible for the ROVR Program, but also those who never left Vietnam and are still trapped there, including longterm re-education camp survivors and former U.S. Government employees. Many of these people are members of the Montagnard ethnic minority who fought valiantly for the U.S. and have suffered greatly ever since.  The list of human rights violations goes on and on. Vietnam enforces a ``two-child per couple'' policy by depriving the parents of ``unauthorized'' children of employment and other government benefits. It denies workers the right to organize independent trade unions, and has subjected many to forced labor. The government not only denies freedom of the press, but also systematically jams Radio Free Asia, which tries to bring them the kind of broadcasting they would provide for themselves if their government would allow freedom of expression.  Mr. Chairman, the Vietnamese Government and its victims will both be watching this vote. We must send the message that economic benefits from the United States absolutely depend on decent treatment of Vietnam's own people. We may not be able to insist on perfection, but we must insist on minimal decency.  Mr. McNULTY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Sanchez) who represents the largest number of Vietnamese Americans in the country.  