Mr. Chairman, I heard somebody on the other side of the aisle say this is a partisan decision. Not so. Republicans have mixed emotions. This is a serious decision. Our chairman is voting for the resolution. Some of us question it very seriously. It is only partisan if the Democrats decide that they are going to support whatever the President might do.  It seems reasonable that the President of the United States should come to not only Congress, but the American people, and present some of the reasons why it is in America's interest to send our young men and women into this land of Serbia, into one of the regions of that sovereign country called Kosovo, to risk their lives. There needs to be a compelling reason. Dr. Kissinger yesterday said that we might have to bomb our way in and then not really know which side is going to shoot at us. The President is planning to deploy U.S. troops without a clear objective or exit strategy.  Before we deploy any troops, we need clear answers to basic questions like how will our presence advance lasting peace, and how long will our troops remain in the region. Serbs and Albanians have fought in Kosovo, an Albanian-dominated region of southern Serbia, for centuries. Conflict in the last year between ethnic Albanian rebels and Serb police has resulted in over 2,000 deaths.  If the President is not willing to come to Congress, and explain; here is the plan, here is the strategy, here is how long we expect to be there, here is what we expect American taxpayers to pay; what is going to happen when we start taking out some of our young men and women in body bags? One question I had to Dr. Kissinger is why is NATO willing to commit 24,000 of their troops? His answer was partly the U.S. demand and the U.S. initiative.  Mr. Chairman, we can not be the police force for the world. We can not keep spending the Social Security trust fund money. One day, if we are not careful we will not even have these options of helping those in need.  While some remain optimistic about the potential peace agreement, I have serious reservations. Ethnic Albanian leaders in Kosovo have said that they will settle for nothing less than independence. Serbia refuses to sign an agreement which dismembers the country. As Dr. Kissinger stated, ``the projected Kosovo agreement is unlikely to enjoy the support of the parties involved for a very long period of time.''  The long history of the ethnic conflict in the Balkans makes a lasting peace in Kosovo unlikely, with or without a NATO presence. If our goal is to quell the hostilities that have persevered for centuries, than we will find ourselves in the same situation that we face in Bosnia, where our troops deployed for an unlimited amount of time, with no end in sight. U.S. troops have been in Bosnia-Herzegovina since 1995 at a cost of more than $9 billion to the U.S. taxpayer. Roughly 6,900 troops are still in Bosnia, even though President Clinton promised that U.S. participation would be limited to one year.  Despite the massive cuts made to our military, we have more troops deployed to hostile regions now than during the Cold War. Dr. Kissinger made the point that ``each incremental deployment into the Balkans is bound to weaken our ability to deal with Saddam Hussein and North Korea.''  If NATO intervenes with troops in Kosovo, the U.S. can assist its NATO partners with communications and intelligence support and back a political strategy aimed at boosting Serbian opposition to Serbian President Milosevic. However, I will not support Congressional authorization to deploy ground troops into a civil conflict with a sovereign nation to enforce a peace agreement that neither side supports.  