Mr. Chairman, the budget resolution, the authorization bill, H.R. 1550, and the FEMA director, James Lee Witt, all suggested that a $5 million appropriation to the Fire Administration be authorized in order to implement certain changes in the Fire Administration.  I would like to suggest to my colleagues that this is a compromise. The appropriators took out the $5 million. This amendment suggests that we move ahead with $2.5 million to implement these changes in the Fire Administration. The director of FEMA, James Lee Witt, has said at least with the $2.5 million they can move ahead and start making some changes necessary to help the first responders in this country.  We have 34,000 fire departments in this country. We have had very little support from the Federal Government. It has been suggested that, after all, it is already in this appropriation bill. There is a 20 percent increase in funding. The 20 percent is an increase from last year's $25 million to this year's $31 million, but they took out the $5 million for this special project.  Compare this authorization with what we have given law enforcement; for example, $1 billion for bulletproof vests in 1 year. What are we doing for our first responders? We make these first responders, 80 percent of whom are volunteers, do without any kind of support. We are now challenged in every community, in every township, in every hamlet, in every village of continuing to encourage these volunteers to perform the kinds of public service that they have been performing. Let us make some changes, and let us start giving these men and women a little support from Washington, D.C.  Since its creation in 1974, the Fire Administration has had a notable impact on communities across the country. Between 1986 and 1995, for example, fire deaths decreased 30 percent and the adjusted dollar losses associated with the fires decreased by 13 percent. Much of this decrease can be traced to research sponsored by the United States Fire Administration.  Earlier I had mentioned $1 billion to law enforcement for deaths. Last year we had about 200 deaths of law enforcement officers performing their duties. Last year we had 100 deaths of first responders, firemen trying to do their duty, and again, 80 percent of those individuals are volunteers, with little or no support.  We are talking about $2.5 billion. The $5 million was taken out. We are now talking about $2.5 million, at least starting down this road to help these first responders.  Losses from fire, I would call to the Members' attention, remain unacceptably high. During the period 1986 to 1995 period, an average of 2.1 million fires have been reported annually, and fires cost an average of 5,000 civilian deaths, 25,000 injuries, and $9.6 billion in losses each year.  Moreover, the United States has one of the highest fire death rates in the industrialized world, 15.6 deaths per million in population, higher than Australia, Japan, western Europe.  Mr. Chairman, we can and we must do better. I think this is a very modest request to move ahead with what needs to happen in the U.S. Fire Administration for them to do a better job servicing the 34,000 fire departments in our communities and the 1.2 million first responders that are trying to help their communities in protecting the environment, protecting from loss of life, protecting from loss of property.  A recent report by the blue ribbon panel made up of representatives of the fire service community spoke of a broken covenant between the Federal fire programs and the people and institutions they were created to serve. They listed 34 recommendations to improve the United States Fire Administration. At the top of the list was additional funding. This is a serious and earnest effort on the part of these stakeholders to bring about a positive change for the Fire Administration.  Mr. Chairman, the budget, the attorneys team Bill H.R. 155, and FEMA Director James Lee Wolf all suggested a $5 million appropriation to implement certain changes. Since its creation in 1974, the Fire Administration has had a notable impact on communities cross the country. Between 1986 and 1995, for example, fire deaths decreased 30 percent, and the adjusted dollar loss associated with fire decreased 13 percent. Much of this decrease can be traced to research sponsored by USFA that led to affordable smoke detectors.  Nevertheless, losses from fire remain unacceptably high. Over the same 1986 to 1995 period, an average of 2.1 million fires were reported annually, and fires caused an average of 5,100 civilians deaths, 25,000 injuries, and $9.6 billion in losses each year. Moreover, the United States has one of the highest fire death rates in the industrialized world--15.6 deaths per million in population--higher than in Australia, Japan, and most of Western Europe.  Mr. Chairman, we can and must do better, both for our citizens and for the firefighters who regularly put their lives on the line--80 percent of whom serve as volunteers. in an age where the word ``hero'' has been debased, firefighters still command the respect and thanks of the communities they serve, and rightly so. About 100 lose their lives every year in duty-related incidents.  However, a recent report by the Blue Ribbon Panel, made up of representatives of the fire-services community, spoke of a ``broken covenant between the federal fire programs and the people and institutions they were created to serve.'' They listed 34 recommendations to improve the United States Fire Administration. At the top of their list was additional funding. This is a serious and earnest effort on the part of these stakeholders to bring about positive change--to increase funding for the USFA while at the same time hold it accountable for its own performance.  The authorization that we passed overwhelmingly in this House provided this funding.  It also required the USFA to prepare a five-year plan on how the funding will be spent. It channeled new funding into the National Fire Academy for counterterrorism training for first responders and called for a review of National Fire Academy courses to ensure that they are up-to-date and complement, not duplicate, courses of instruction offered elsewhere.  This amendment restores the $2.5 million out of the $5 million requested necessary to achieve these goals.  It makes funding available to USFA through the FEMA ``Emergency Management Planning and Assistance'' account. It offsets this spending through a decrease in funding for the environmental protection Agency's ``Environmental Programs and Management'' account--a $1.8 billion account filled with earmarked programs not requested by the EPA. As Chairman of the Basic Research Subcommittee, it's important to me that we spend money on projects that meet the standards of competition and peer-review.  A sum of less than \2/10\ of one percent from this account is reasonable to help this country's first responders.  Mr. Chairman, by funding the United States Fire Administration, this amendment has the potential of saving countless numbers of lives, significantly reducing physical injuries and decreasing the dollar amount of damages caused by fire and other forms of disasters. I would personally like to thank everyone from the fire service who has offered their support to me throughout this budget process. But more importantly, I would like to thank all 1.2 million first responders for their dedication and commitment to duty, and offer my best wishes for their continued success and safety.  I ask for your support on this amendment.  