Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Congressional Award program and specifically how this program has worked in New Jersey.  Mr. Speaker, many involved in the Congressional Award program know that this program's success is the byproduct of the hard work of my former colleague and a member of the New Jersey delegation, Congressman Jim Howard. Jim worked closely with Dr. Frank H. Arlinghaus, Jr., the Chairman of the New Jersey Congressional Award Council, in drafting the legislation that created this program in 1979. Dr. Arlinghaus, as a member of the national board of directors, as well as the driving force behind the program in New Jersey, has been instrumental in the growth of this program, both in New Jersey, as well as across the country. He has advised other state councils on the best way to educate America's youth as to the intent and benefits of participation in the Congressional Award Program.  As part of the Congressional Award program, my office has worked closely with teenagers in the 4th Congressional District of New Jersey, as they volunteer the hundreds of hours required for the bronze, silver, and gold medals. Many of them have shared with me how their experiences in the areas of public service, physicial fitness, and personal growth have broadened their world view and fostered a greater appreciation for personal achievement.  On average, four students per year from the 4th Congressional District have received one of the three medals. Highlights of their community service has included volunteering at a local hospital where the students have assisted with everything from admitting patients and discharging patients, working in the children's clinic, and helping visitors with a variety of requests. Personal growth has included building physical endurance or improving a skill such as piano playing, which has facilitated their abilities on a variety of sports teams and in musical competitions. Students have also traveled overseas to the Philippines, Western Europe, and the Bahamas, experiencing first hand the challenges of cross cultural communication.  Recently, the National Board of Directors has been examining various ways to expand participation through a certificate program. To date, more than 6,500 awards have been presented nationwide. In New Jersey, we areproud that 1300 of those awards, roughly 20 percent, have been given to young people from our state. Clearly, a program that is working so well in my state could offer a lot of ideas to the rest of the country about ways to attract more and more qualified students into the program.  In light of the recently proposed changes in the program and the shared goal of attracting more young people, I would suggest that a hearing on the Congressional Award program would be appropriate. The future growth of this program requires that Congress examine its development over the last 20 years as well as its future. I hope my good friend and colleague Chairman Goodling will give full consideration to this request.  