Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 222, condemning the assassination of Armenian Prime Minister Vazgen Sargsian and other Armenian Government officials. A total of nine people were killed--in addition to the Prime Minister, Speaker of Parliament Karen Demirchian was shot, as were two deputy speakers of parliament. Indeed, it seemed as if much of Armenia's political elite, except for President Robert Kocharian, had been removed in one surreal afternoon. The horrifying events of October 27 were all the more shocking considering that Armenia appeared to have established a framework for political stability and efficient government. After the May 1999 parliamentary elections, President Kocharian, Prime Minister Sargsian and Speaker Demirchian constituted the legs of a troika uniting the three most influential politicians in Armenia. They had practically reached agreement on the budget, one of the most pressing problems facing Armenia. Perhaps most important, President Kocharian apparently had the support of his Prime Minister and Speaker of Parliament, as well as other Armenian political leaders, in his bilateral negotiations on Nagorno-Karabakh with Azerbaijani President Heydar Aliev. Those talks, which began this spring, have been the most promising development in the long road to resolving the conflict. In short, there was reason for cautious optimism on any number of fronts in the South Caucasus.  Alas, the murder of the Prime Minister, the Speaker and others has set back the talks on Nagorno-Karabakh. Judging by public statements in Baku and Yerevan last week, insteadof an agreement, which many had been hoping for, only a general statement of principles might be signed this week at the OSCE Summit in Istanbul. But, Mr. Speaker, I trust that despite the tragedy of October 27, Presidents Kocharian and Aliev will continue their efforts to find a solution to this knottiest of problems. There is some consolation, at this time of sober reflection and mourning, in that these two leaders obviously understand that peace is in the best interest of their peoples.  Mr. Speaker, the perpetrators are in custody and the investigation into the events of October 27 continues. Many questions remain unanswered about their motives and the possible involvement of other conspirators. In the last week, Armenian authorities have arrested several more people, including a member of parliament. It is imperative to get to the bottom of this matter, and the United States should offer any assistance Yerevan may request to accelerate and facilitate the inquiry. It is important to show the Armenian public, Armenia's neighbors, and all the world that despite the tragedy of October 27, Armenia is a stable country--able and willing to address its problems, to pursue peace with its neighbors and to take its rightful place in the international community.  