Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DeMint), my good friend.  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Smith-Barcia amendment and in opposition to the Campbell-Gilman amendment.  Mr. Chairman, there have been many efforts to make the Campbell amendment look reasonable and rational and easy for a cross-section of Members to support. However, this amendment merely masks support for the inhumane treatment of women in China and all around the world. We cannot overlook the horrendous treatment of women because the United Nations Population Fund provides some needed services.  Just recently, the world was confronted with the reality of China's forced abortion policy when a woman who was deported from Australia to China was forced to go to the People's hospital just 10 days before she was due to give birth, and she was forced to undergo a mandatory abortion. Fellow Members of the House, this is totally unacceptable and intolerable, yet the organization we are talking about funding today, the United Nations Population Fund, does not even acknowledge a problem with China's policies. We should not add $20 million in funding to this organization.  Mr. Chairman, China is not the only place where the United Nations Population Fund is active in implementing questionable and sometimes outrageous policies. Peru's population program has violated the human rights of women by coercing them into sterilization. This may include offering poor women food in exchange for sterilization or pressing health workers to reach sterilization quotas and women being sterilized without their consent.  The U.N. Population Fund is also active in Vietnam and North Korea which have been credibly accused of coercive practices. They have not only turned a blind eye to forced abortions and sterilizations, but have even given China an award in its population control program.  I believe we must stand up and say this is enough. We should not fund the United Nations Population Fund until the organization has reformed and renounced coercive and abusive policies. The United States of America should not give the United Nations Population Fund $25 million in taxpayers' money until they stop these practices.  According to the Campbell amendment, we will give 25 million to the United Nations Population Fund, and we will take it away if we can prove that they are involved.  