Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2260 because the bill encourages sound medical practice in the relief of pain and suffering of the chronically and terminally ill patients.  This bill would add a provision to the Controlled Substances Act, acknowledging the legitimate use of narcotics for the management of serious pain and discomfort, even if their use increases the risk of death for the patient.  In the Hyde-Stupak bill, the goal is to make the patient as comfortable as possible during that person's terminal or chronic illness. Relief of pain is the contemplated result.  This is not physician-assisted suicide or euthanasia, either in substance or intent. Physicians are not actively and intentionally seeking to end the life of the patient.  But powerful drugs that relieve pain have serious secondary effects. They can cause loss of cognition, depressed respiration, retained secretions, and increased dehydration by depressing voluntary nutrition. The secondary, or unintended effect, may therefore hasten death, through death is not a directly intended purpose.  Organized medicine has recognized the principle of this ``double effect'' as the potential consequence of the legitimate and necessary use of controlled substances for pain management. The AMA calls this principle ``a vital element in creating a legal environment in which physicians may administer appropriate pain care for patients and we appreciate its inclusion.''  The AMA further expands its position as follows. ``Physicians have an obligation to relieve pain and suffering and to promote the dignity and autonomy of dying patients in their care. This includes providing effective palliative treatment, even though it may foreseeably hasten death.''  The bill will promote the training of health professionals to use these drugs appropriately while providing palliative care. This will dovetail with the newly inaugurated AMA program--``Education for Physicians on End of Life Care.'' This program is designed to educate physicians more fully in pain management and to deal more holistically with the patient.  I oppose the Johnson-Rothman-Hooley substitute because it does nothing to prevent or restrict assisted suicide and it does nothing to train physicians and nurses in pain management, which the Hyde bill accomplishes.  Johnson-Rothman-Hooley continues to authorize the use of federally regulated drugs to assist suicides whenever a state law permits this deadly practice. Finally, the substitute never clearly distinguishes pain control from deliberate killing or assisted suicide.  There appears to be much confusion in the debate as to the scope of this proposal and how it might affect individual states. Supervision of controlled substances is a federal prerogative--it always has been. There are no new penalties suggested. Nothing is new. Rather, Hyde-Stupak heightens and reinforces current federal policy.  While the bill will not technically ``overturn'' current Oregon law in this general matter, it will abrogate its use. Since physicians will be unable to legally prescribe intentionally lethal doses of federally controlled substances, the doctors will be encouraged to offer better pain control and not offer death to the seriously ill patient.  Relief of pain with moderate or even substantial doses of drugs is good medical practice. Purposely and intentionally ending human life is inappropriate and antithetical to the role of the physician as healer.  H.R. 2260 clarifies and enables physicians to pursue their legitimate role as healers. Easing pain at the time of the patient's final passage is one of medicine's most noble callings. I urge your support for this important bill.  