Speaker, I am very proud to be a cosponsor of H. Con. Res. 28, the Gilman-Gephardt resolution which urges the United States to sponsor a human rights resolution regarding Chinese violations at the U.N. Human Rights Commission in Geneva and, equally important, to work vigorously for the resolution, not just to introduce it, but to work very hard with other member states to secure its passage.  Mr. Speaker, on January 8, the Committee on International Relations held a hearing on the ongoing and very deplorable state of human rights in China today. Each of our witnesses was a prisoner of conscience who had recently managed to get out of China. All of them called for the United States to be far more forceful in responding to the human rights violations in China than we had been in recent years. The following week we heard from human rights organizations, and each and every one of them agreed that our policy of constructive engagement has been a failure.  I would remind my colleagues that last year, and the year before, and the year before that, and even when the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) was chairman of the subcommittee that I now chair, we held hearing after hearing--matter of fact, in the last 4 years alone, about a dozen hearings--on the deplorable state of human rights in China. We heard from Harry Wu, that great leader who spent years in the laogai, who got out and actually went back to try to bear witness to the ongoing oppression that comes the way of religious and political prisoners in China.  We heard from Wei Jingsheng, and many other political prisoners, who had been tortured, who had suffered unspeakable atrocities, both psychological and physical. And they said that we need to know the true nature of this regime; that it is oppressive.  We have heard about Tibet, and we heard from the representatives of the Dalai Lama. Richard Gere came to one of our hearings on refugees and spoke very eloquently about how the Buddist nuns and priests are routinely tortured.  I will never forget when we heard from survivors of the laogai, the gulag system. Six of them came before us: Catherine Ho, Palden Gyatso, and many others. Palden Gyatso, a Buddhist monk, came in with some of the implements routinely used to torture people. He could not even get through security downstairs in the Rayburn Building. We had to escort him through. And he told of the agony that is routinely visited upon these individuals.  We heard from Mrs. Gao, a woman who used to run a forced abortion, forced sterilization program in Fujian Province. She got out, with the assistance of Harry Wu, and she told story after story about how women as late as in the ninth month of their pregnancy would be forcibly aborted.  We heard from women who had escaped on the Golden Venture at another hearing, and how one woman, when 6 months into her pregnancy, was forcibly aborted by the dictatorship, to comply with the one child per couple policy.  We heard from another woman who found a baby girl who had been abandoned, because very often girls are abandoned in China, when couples are only allowed one child. She scooped up that child, like the good samaritan that she was, only to have the family planning cadres come knocking at her door to say that now that she had her one child, she must be forcibly aborted and she needed to be sterilized.  These are the every day realities of what goes on in the People's Republic of China: Religious persecution of the house church movement and the Catholic church. All of them suffer unbelievable cruelty at the hands of the Chinese dictatorship.  Amnesty International recently issued a report card, and they made it known at our hearing on China. They listed a number of concrete benchmarks and said let us look at these areas and determine whether or not constructive engagement has indeed borne any fruit. In each one of those categories, they found total failure.  For example, they spoke of the release of the Tiananmen Square prisoners and other prisoners of conscience. Their verdict: Total failure.  Review all counterrevolutionary prison terms. Bottom line, total failure.  Allow religious freedom. Their bottom line: Continued strong repression.  Prevent coercive family planning and the harvesting of organs: They said, no improvement.  Amnesty then went on to speak of the implementation of the so-called the Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which the Chinese government milked for all it was worth. They have not even implemented it yet, as we all know. They signed it and got all these accolades in the west, including the United States, with perhaps no intention of following through on the rights that were enumerated in there.  Let us be mindful of this flimflam game they play. They sign a scrap of paper here, an important treaty there, and then they do not follow through, and there is no implementation.  Also, Amnesty International raised the issue of police and prison brutality. We know--and the Country Reports on Human Rights Practices clearly documents this, as do report after report from the human rights community--that torture is routinely used against dissidents and prisoners of conscience and religious individuals. Routinely.  Mr. Speaker, the resolution that is before us today urges the administration to do the very least it can do to try to rectify this egregious situation. Indeed, in 1994, when President Clinton delinked human rights from Most Favored Nation status for China, an annual resolution at Geneva was going to be, by his own reckoning, the centerpiece of what he would do to try to thwart the human rights violations in that country.  As of today, the administration apparently still has not decided whether or not it will proceed with a resolution this year. The Human Rights Commission begins on March 22. And as we all know, the other body has already gone on record unanimously--my hope is we will as well--saying bring this resolution to Geneva, let us vote on it and, hopefully, let us prevail.  Mr. Speaker, the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights of the Committee on International Relations, which I chair, did add the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders), at his request. And let me say there are many others that could be added as well. But that just underscores the extent of the Chinese government's barbaric behavior.  Last week, for example, 10 Uighur political and religious prisoners were executed. We have heard from people who have talked about the Uighur minority and how they are discriminated against. Everywhere we look, the Tibetans, the Han Chinese themselves, and the Uighurs are all singled out whenever they have a different religion, because, obviously, China is an atheistic state, and those believers do not conform to the very, very carefully circumscribed limits of the officially recognized churches. Step across that line, and the full weight of the Chinese dictatorship will be brought to bear against you.  Just so all Americans understand, one individual was given an 11-year prison sentence for giving an interview, an interview, to Radio Free Asia. He talked to the press. And for that he was yanked by the dictatorship, by their cronies, and thrown into prison. He is now serving an 11 year prison sentence.  This barbaric behavior has to stop. The minimum we should do is to try to raise the issue rhetorically at the U.N. Human Rights Convention. Not to do that would be an outrage. I hope the Clinton administration will hear us, and I urge support for this resolution.  