Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time.  First of all, I believe and I hope the House will believe and vote that the Campbell amendment trivializes forced abortion and coercive population control. The Amnesty International report made it very clear that birth control, and I quote again, ``has been compulsory since 1979.'' Get this, this is right out of the report: ``Women must have official permission to bear children.'' The government has to tell them when and if, by issuing, as the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Myrick) pointed out earlier, these coupons, these certificates that say that you can have a child. Who is the Chinese government to say that? And then the UNFPA comes in and says it is a voluntary program. It is anything but a voluntary program.  Let me also point out, again from Amnesty International's reporting, that what happens in China constitutes cruel, inhumane, and degrading treatment of detainees and restricted persons by government officials. They hold women. They put them into cells until they have their abortions. This is outrageous, and the UNFPA has given its good housekeeping stamp of approval year in and year out to this egregious practice.  Mr. Chairman, the supporters of the Campbell amendment, which is really a killer amendment, have made some arguments tonight. I would respectfully submit they are wrong, and most of them are internally contradictory. First, they argue that the UNFPA program in China is a force for good, that it helps the women and children in China and not the brutal PRC program of population control.  But here is what Wei Jingsheng, the great Chinese democracy advocate, had to say about that argument, and I quote: ``When the United Nations gave the Chinese government its population control award, the Chinese people were flabbergasted. UNFPA,'' he goes on to say, ``extended extensive help to the Chinese Communist Government. By doing that, it has set itself on the opposite side of the Chinese people.''  That is Wei Jingsheng talking, not Chris Smith or the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia) or the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde). That is the leading democracy activist who spent years in the laogai because of his beliefs. UNFPA's argument that they are not involved in the coercive aspects of the Chinese program, that just by being there they might make it more free and voluntary, is exactly what they argued in 1986 when the UNFPA supporters sued the Reagan administration for finding that the UNFPA, and I quote, ``supports or participates in the management of a program of coercive abortion.''  Here is what Judge Abner Mikva, who later became President Clinton's White House counsel, had to say. He and two other judges found that AID's, and I quote, ``careful explanation of how the UNFPA's activities in China aid the aspects of China's program that Congress condemned amply supports his conclusion that funding UNFPA is prohibited.''  In other words, Judge Mikva, again he was the counsel for the White House and he was a judge, upheld the determination that UNFPA supports or participates in the management of a program of coercive abortion.  The second argument made by supporters is that UNFPA is not about forced abortion. It is about opposing female genital mutilation and other violations of rights of women and children.  Mr. Chairman, this is an argument born of desperation. UNFPA is trying to reinvent itself in order to deflect attention from the real issue of UNFPA's complicity in the Chinese forced abortion program.  Mr. Chairman, when this argument started to surface, I asked my staff to find out how much the UNFPA spends on female genital mutilation. But despite repeated inquiries by my staff and other congressional staff, they absolutely refuse to give us any statistics on what, if anything, it has spent on anti-FGM projects.  The only mention of FGM in UNFPA's 1998 annual report is a single sentence describing the efforts of a super model who serves as a volunteer public relations worker for the UNFPA. The budget document that accompanied the report contained not a single mention of FGM.  Dozens, I would point out to my colleagues, of international organizations and NGOs do work on female genital mutilation and other good works as well. We must help those organizations, but we do not need to fight this evil by giving millions of dollars to an organization that collaborates with an equally egregious evil.  Finally, Mr. Chairman, look at what the Campbell amendment would actually do. Contrary to the claims of some of its supporters, it is not really a cutting amendment. Let us dispense with that. It starts out by increasing UNFPA's funding from zero, which is what is in the fiscal year 1999 budget, to $25 million; then it reduces the increase by $5 million. So the net effect is that if their amendment passes, it would give the UNFPA $20 million more next year. It cries crocodile tears over the victims of Chinese forced abortion, but its net effect is to give a $20 million reward to the principal international collaborator with that program.  Mr. Chairman, if someone proposed that we give millions of dollars to an organization that actively assisted in the management of a prison program in which prisoners were routinely tortured, what would we do? Would we say fine, you can have $25 million, but first we are going to subtract $5 million because that is what you actually contributed to the torture program? No, Mr. Chairman.  I believe we would cut off that organization without a dime. We wouldwant to disassociate ourselves completely from the torturers and their accomplices. But even more important, we would want to impose a severe punishment, and more importantly, a deterrent against possible collaboration in a program that included torture, because we want to put an end to torture. And the way to stop a bad practice, I would submit, whether it be torture or genocide or, in this case, forced abortion, is not to give $20 million to its collaborators. Vote ``no'' on the Campbell amendment and ``yes'' on Smith-Barcia.  