Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul). I know that many of us are often frustrated with the U.N. and especially some of its activities. But I do believe that the amendment does risk throwing the baby out with the bath water.  The amendment would effectively take us out of the U.N., while it has its blemishes, and the previous amendments certainly underscored my concern that the UNFPA, for example, has been absolutely complicit in the forced abortion program in the People's Republic of China; and I do believe a calibrated focused approach like that is the way to make our point. But look at some of the good things that the U.N. has done again with blemishes and all.  I will never forget, back in the early 1980s, I was in El Salvador when the United Nations Children's Fund, UNICEF, under Jim Grant, working with the Catholic church, working with the Duarte government, and working with the FMLN, the Communist insurgency, headed days of tranquility. Hundreds of thousands of children were immunized against the world's leading killers of children and those that extract or impose a great morbidity on young lives. Pertussis, tetanus, all of these diseases were wiped away from these kids, and because of these immunizations. The U.N. played a very, very important role in that.  Look at the world food program which provides necessary foods to children and families, the victims of torture. Our subcommittee, and I offered the bill, it became law, provided an additional amount of money to the U.N. voluntary fund for torture to help the people who suffer from torture. There are 400,000 former torture victims living in the U.S. with posttraumatic stress and all kinds of other problems. Many hundreds of thousands abroad, they need our help.  Then when it comes to such things as peacekeeping, yes, it is flawed. The UNPROFOR was a very flawed deployment, but there are many that had been successful.  I would just remind Members that, when we had the Gulf War, the U.N. played a pivotal position in mobilizing, especially through the Security Council, our efforts to try to mitigate the abuses of Saddam Hussein.  While I deeply respect the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul), I do think it overreaches, and I would hope that Members would vote it down.  But remembering that it does have its problems, the U.N. certainly is not a perfect organization, it is far from it, but it does have some agencies and things that do some very, very good things. I missed it, but on refugees, the UNHCR is vital to proceeding refugee protection and assistance.  So I do ask Members to vote ``no''.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Georgia (Ms. McKinney) will have the right to close.  