Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me time, and I congratulate him on offering this important resolution.  Mr. Speaker, as we all know, on September 16, Hurricane Floyd took an unexpected turn after ravaging North Carolina and Virginia and crashed into central and northern New Jersey. The State's capital county, Mercer County, along with eight others, were declared major disaster areas, and, as my colleagues know, such a declaration does trigger the release of Federal expertise and funds to help people recover from Hurricane Floyd.  To date, over 12,000 New Jersey residents have applied for assistance through FEMA. In the short term, we are looking for immediate relief for those who have been devastated, with loans and small grants; and, in the long term, we will be requesting FEMA's help for extensive mitigation projects to protect family and businesses in flood-prone areas such as in the City of Trenton and the Township of Hamilton.  I would just point out for the record, Mr. Speaker, that as a result of that hurricane, in the City of Trenton alone, 40 homes were completely devastated and 25 businesses completely flooded; and each of those people are looking for some help and some assistance.  When disaster strikes, as we all know, the U.S. Small Business Administration acts as the Federal Government's disaster bank. The SBA hasthree types of low interest loans. Approximately 3.6 percent is the rate, for 30 years, available to qualified homeowners and non-farm businesses of all sizes. These loans include homeowner loans up to $200,000 to cover residential losses not fully compensated by insurance.  Homeowners and renters may also borrow up to $40,000 to repair/replace personal property such as clothing, property, and cars; nonfarm businesses of any size and nonprofit organizations may apply for up to $1.5 million to repair or to replace assets like inventory or machinery or equipment damaged by the disaster; and small businesses that suffer economic losses may apply for SBA's economic injury disaster loans.  Mr. Speaker, beyond the individual SBA loans, FEMA has a Hazard Mitigation Program to fund construction projects to protect either public or private property; and we will be pursuing that very aggressively as well.  Mr. Speaker, I just want to make one final point. When FEMA arrives on the scene, sometimes people feel that the cavalry has arrived and everything is going to be made whole. But FEMA is not a panacea. It provides a bridge, helps people get back on their feet, but the devastating losses that our friends throughout the country on the East Coast especially have experienced will not be fully compensated for, but we have to do the maximum effort to make sure they are back on their feet and their families are protected for the future through mitigation efforts.  