Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, the House has just made a very strong statement in favor of women and children around the world by passing the pro-life Foreign Families Protection Act offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Barcia), the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. Myrick), the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Shows), the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), and myself. I believe if we stand firm now, we have a chance not only to make a statement but also to make a difference. Even though the Greenwood amendment, the pending amendment, does not alter our amendment one iota--the two would lay side by side, I do urge my colleagues not to dilute the pro-life, pro-family, pro-child message by passing the amendment now pending.  Mr. Chairman, the Greenwood amendment is an empty shell. I say that with all due respect to my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania. It has a tremendous amount of surface appeal, but that is all it has. Its supporters try to portray it somehow as a pro-life amendment.  Look at it. I have had Members come up and say, ``What's wrong with this? It looks like a right-to-life amendment.'' But I would say again with all due respect that they, the Members offering this amendment today, are the leadership of the abortion rights movement here in this Congress. They are certainly entitled to their deeply held opinions, and we can respect those opinions. But I think we should be skeptical about whether their amendment is really a pro-life amendment.  Mr. Chairman, if I ever stand up on this floor and suggest to Members thatI am offering a pro-abortion amendment, I hope that my colleagues would be equally skeptical, and I hope that they would look at the fine print. I make the same strong recommendation in this case. When the leadership of the abortion rights movement say they are offering an amendment with all kinds of seemingly pro-life language in the amendment, we need to read the fine print.  The fire print says this, Mr. Chairman: There is nothing whatever in the Greenwood amendment that would alter current policy, which today provides millions of dollars to foreign nongovernmental organizations that are aggressively working to overturn the laws of other countries on abortion.  If we go back and look at history, the reason for the Mexico City policy--and we have only offered half of that policy in the previous vote, the President has a waiver for the performance part but not on the promotion part--was that the current policy was found to be so infirm. It was not doing the job. Foreign nongovernmental organizations were setting up shop in one country's capital after another and then they would network and begin trying to topple the right-to-life law. I believe that is cultural imperialism, especially when we are the major donor in many cases to those various nongovernmental organizations.  Under the Greenwood language, U.S. taxpayers would still subsidize foreign pro-abortion organizations. You just have to flip on and go through the Internet. Bring up the Irish Times. There was a piece just the other day about how the Irish Family Planning Association is going to be spearheading a big effort to undermine the pro-life laws in the Republic of Ireland. That is happening all over the world.  The gentlewoman from Connecticut pointed out earlier that this has never been law, but it was the policy under the Reagan and Bush years. We provided a maximum amount of money for family planning, we were the major donors during those years, but we had a fire wall between family planning (contraception) and abortion, believing that the latter destroys the life of an unborn child.  The language in the amendment of my good friend from Pennsylvania is actually weaker than current law, because he restricts lobbying only when it is a ``method of family planning.'' Planned Parenthood has said in their statements that there is no such thing as a birth control abortion. They would say it is a health abortion. Roe v. Wade says ``health,'' includes emotional and mental health. So we have a situation where virtually any abortion would be permitted and no lobbying would be precluded under my friend's amendment.  Again, I think it tries to look like a pro-life amendment. I looked at it and had to look at it very carefully. I do hope we will vote it down and I hope that in conference the real McCoy, not the counterfeit, will be accepted.  