Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I agree with my good friend, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Kucinich), who has sponsored this amendment calling for a study of the role of diplomacy regarding the Kosovo conflict, and I want to thank him for his very thoughtful amendment. Everything he does is thoughtful, and this is just another example.  I personally voted against military action, Mr. Chairman, and history will someday give us a clue and perhaps some real answers as to whether or not diplomacy before the conflict was working and whether diplomacy during the conflict was responsible for ending the conflict.  I support the notion of an independent panel to examine this. We have ample reason for concern that a report by the administration about its own policies would simply be a defense or an apology for those policies and little more. This administration certainly has a record of paying, at best, lip service to congressional initiatives in foreign policy.  I would also like to say that the report must, in addition to considering the question of diplomacy versus military intervention, assess the situation on the ground in Kosovo to which the international community was seeking to respond. The ideas of conflict resolution, preventive diplomacy, and negotiated settlements are theoretical concepts, and they do not incorporate the notion that one side might not have had one ounce of good will and instead had a clear willingness and desire to commit genocide instead.  Finally, diplomatic initiatives are supposed to be motivated by good intentions, and most are, but the report should consider that not all motivations are good. Having just returned from St. Petersburg session of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, many of us were subject to a heavy dose of Russian propaganda which, among other things, alleged that there was no dissent here to the administration's policies. That is obviously false, and I must say I would not want to see Russian initiatives to have been considered well intentioned just because they were diplomatic.  As a critic of the NATO action, I do not want to see a report which would simply vindicate my own beliefs. It must also assess whether diplomatic alternatives in dealing with a regime with a track record like that of Slobodan Milosevic might have made a just solution to the Kosovo crisis all the more elusive. Otherwise, the report would be no different than the latest administration proclamation of the wisdom of its ways.  Having said this, Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the gentleman's thoughtful amendment and I recommend the full House adopt it.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  