Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the resolution before us. Frankly, the administration, the Congress, our allies and the international community as a whole have no easy choices regarding Kosovo.  Many of our colleagues agree that the United States has the responsibility to assert its leadership in the world. In asserting this leadership role, I believe that it is in the interest of the United States to include protection of human rights, especially the mitigation of atrocities and the cessation of slaughter, and this sometimes requires the prudent use of force.  As we debate the deployment of American troops in Kosovo, however, those of us who had advocated last summer and in the fall that NATO should intervene, not as peacekeepers but peacemakers, to stop the Serbian offensive against innocent civilians in Kosovo feel that we have lost some very significant ground.  NATO has threatened to intervene time and time again and its credibility regrettably has been tarnished by inaction. Innocent lives have been lost as a result of indecision, and now one of the seemingly only alternatives is the deployment of NATO forces, including our own troops, in an environment in which one side or another may test NATO's resolve.  Many of us felt the same frustration regarding the United States, policy towards Bosnia. The Dayton agreement of late 1995 was no substitute for action. Even just lifting the arms embargo might have made a significant difference in stopping that genocide in those early years.  At yesterday's hearing in the Committee on International Relations regarding Kosovo, Senator Bob Dole and Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick made very convincing arguments for participation in a peacekeeping force. I have sympathy with those who take the side that Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger made about not being involved in all of the conflicts around the world. We must, however, consider involvement where we can make a difference. Kosovo fits that category.  I want to say very clearly, unambiguously, I respect everyone's position on this. This is one of the harder, more difficult issues that we have to decide, and we need to listen to all sides, obviously, as we work through this policy decision.  I intend, Mr. Chairman, to vote for H. Con. Res. 42 as introduced. I think many of us do have some misgivings about our own Commander-in-Chief. It is very often not said but thought, but we need to factor in that fact.  I do believe this is the right thing to do at this particular time. Failing to participate could mean a further slaughter, perhaps on a larger scale, of innocent civilians in the Balkans. Failing to participate could lead to a renewed Balkan conflict which could spread to neighboring Macedonia and elsewhere. Failing to do so will send a signal that the United States will not take the lead, even when matters of principle are being challenged, when people are being killed in droves, to the detriment of NATO and the other alliances we have around the world.  This is a resolution that I think deserves support and I hope Members will consider doing so.  