Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DeMint).  Mr. DeMINT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Greenwood amendment.  Sometimes in Congress it is hard to tell one bill from another. We just passed the Smith-Barcia foreign families protection bill. The Greenwood amendment looks very much like it.  As we wade into this, we need to recognize that this is not just another pro-choice, prolife debate. Because that is really not the issue. And the issue is not cutting funding for family planning abroad, because we certainly support family assistance abroad. The bill we have passed does not cut that.  The main issue here today is will we force American taxpayers to undermine the values of families and other countries and to try to change their laws.  Approximately 100 countries already have laws restricting abortions. These are countries like Ireland, Brazil, and Mexico.  Now, we can debate and argue about whether or not we like the way they restrict abortion. But, hopefully, all of us would agree that we should not ask American taxpayers to fund an organization that is working to change those laws when here at home we have not agreed about that issue.  That is really the crux of the issue. Because while we talk about funding, we need to understand how the Greenwood amendment would fund these activities.  The Greenwood amendment would allow our taxpayer money to go to organizations that lobby to change or undermine laws restricting abortions. The way the amendment is written, it says these funds cannot be used for those purposes. That is kind of like giving soft money to a political party and telling them not to use that to support candidates.  We are supporting the lobbying to undermine organizations abroad if we vote for the Greenwood amendment.  I have got the wording here. And so, if we need to debate it, it is constantly use funds to promote abortion while it would allow organizations to receive this funding who promote abortion and lobby against the laws.  There is a clear distinction here if we read it. And I ask my colleagues on both sides of the prolife, pro-choice issue to vote against the Greenwood amendment and allow the Smith-Barcia foreign families protection amendment to stand.  