Mr. Speaker, once again I rise, along with my colleagues, in solemn commemoration of the events of April 24th, 1915. On that day, a group of leaders of the Armenian community in Turkey was murdered. That fateful day marked the beginning. By 1923, about a million and a half Armenians had been killed and 500,000 more had been deported. The Armenian community of the Ottoman Empire was uprooted, as this bloody century witnessed its first genocide.  Many survivors came to the United States to rebuild their lives. As a community and as individuals, they attained remarkable successes, contributing greatly to their new homeland and consolidating Armenians' longstanding reputation for resourcefulness and resilience. But they never forgot their roots or their ancient homeland or the terrible wrong done to them. Our remarks today demonstrate our solidarity with them as they grieve over their losses, even while contemplating how much Armenia and Armenians have accomplished in this century.  Every commemoration of the Armenian Genocide is somber. But 1999's ceremonies are especially so. After all these years, after all the invocations and prayers, after all the memorials, it is horrifying to realize that the century is ending as it began. Once again, a government is using all its instruments of war against a civilian population solely because of its ethnic and religious affiliation. In Kosovo, marauding soldiers and paramilitary groups are terrorizing and killing men, women and children, in the implementation of a deliberate policy devised by truly evil people, led by Slobodan Milosevic. The twisted drive for ``purity'' is bad enough when reflecting the sincere convictions of intolerant and unenlightened masses of people; but it is somehow even more awful when stirred and manipulated by cynical politicians, determined to hang on to power and willing to employ literally any means--even the most unconscionably savage--to do so. The worst instincts of the human heart are claiming new victims, despite our earnest pledges that such atrocities would never happen again.  In this century, Armenian Christians, European Jews, and Muslims in the former Yugoslavia--among others--have been singled out as targets. The fate that has befallen them all demonstrates the universality of the lesson of their suffering. If the international community ignores the massacre of minorities, its perpetrators will be emboldened. Though nothing can compensate the Armenians for the losses of the genocide, the sacrifice they made earlier this century helped change the world's consciousness. I pray that we have learned from the hard lesson taught us by the Armenians and their sufferings. Days of commemoration are meant to honor those who have gone before us, and hopefully the lessons learned will provide some solace to the grieving on this sacred day.  