Mr. Chairman, some believe that the U.N. owes the U.S. for billions of dollars we spent in support of U.N. authorized peacekeeping missions that have been paid by our government, an amount many times larger than the amount that the U.N. claims that we owe.  As a matter of fact, a 1996 GAO report looked at just a few peacekeeping missions, Haiti, the former Yugoslavia, Somalia, and Rwanda, and found that, in just 4 years, from 1992 to 1995, the U.S. Government shelled out $6.6 billion. None of that $6.6 billion or any of the other money that has gone for the so-called incremental military costs are reflected anywhere in the computation about what we have donated to the U.N. and has nothing to do with the U.N. arrears debate. We get no credit for it.  If we had all U.S. donations on the table, with absolute transparency, the aggregate of funds that American taxpayers give would make this arrearage fight look frivolous.  Mr. Chairman, let me also point out that some top U.N. officials, got their jobs, not because of their qualifications, but as a form of patronage for member states. That needs reform.  There is no effective inspectors general for the various specialized agencies against waste, fraud, and unethical conduct, no effective protection for whistleblowers, no effective system of personnel evaluation.  The U.N. continues to have major difficulties controlling their own spending. When actual spending exceeds the budget adopted by the General Assembly, nothing happens. It just exceeds the amount.  The U.N. procurement system is almost as scandalous as the personnel and budget systems. There are no requirements of public announcements, and contracts are awarded under dubious and questionable criteria.  All these defects, Mr. Chairman, need to be fixed, and they need to be fixed now. Last year, we made a sincere effort. The foreign relations authorization bill passed by the House and Senate required the U.S. share of dues to be reduced to 20 percent and, importantly, required before we provided this money that it drop from 31 to 25 percent for assessed peacekeeping. Of course this change at the U.N. would comport with U.S. law. Again, remember, we passed the law; it is part of the U.S. Code, that we are not going to pay more than 25.  Among other important reforms, the authorization bill we passed last Congress also contained tough conditions against U.N. attempts to violate U.S. sovereignty, to perhaps raise a standing army, or impose a U.N. tax. All of that is ``waived'' in the language that Mr. Hall offers today.  Vote ``no'' on the Hall amendment.  