Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H. Res. 350 and urge swift and extensive oversight into the question of trafficking in the bodies of unborn babies killed by abortion. Mr. Speaker, the House has not addressed this issue since 1993, when the NIH Revitalization Act was passed by this body. At that time, many of us were deeply concerned, and expressed it on this floor, that research using the shattered bodies of aborted babies could quickly lead to a greater number of abortions, particularly if the demand for their body parts grew among researchers. Those concerns appear to have been well founded.  I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Tancredo) for offering this resolution and, as he pointed out earlier, it was a pro-life organization in Texas that compiled numerous documents about the horrific business of trafficking in baby body parts. The companies involved provide price lists for the individual parts. Let me read just some of those that are listed:  Liver, $150, but a 30 percent discount if significantly fragmented. Pancreas, under 8 weeks, $100. Ears, under 8 weeks, $75. Brain, under 8 weeks, $999, 30 percent discount if significantly fragmented. Intact trunk, with or without limbs, $500. Spinal column, $150. Skin, $100.  Mr. Speaker, this is almost too grotesque to imagine. Yet this is a real business and these are real babies, innocent children who have been deprived of their lives.  It is routine, Mr. Speaker, for pregnant women who are planning to abort their babies to be told that their children are nothing more than collections of cells or blobs of tissue. Yet these lists clearly give lie to that myth. Babies younger than 8 weeks have, as they point out on their price list, identifiable brains, livers, spleens, ears, and eyes, and they, as well as older babies, are being taken apart piece by piece, limb by limb, even skinned. Worst of all, there are profiteers waiting in the wings to make money from this tragedy by collecting and selling the pieces.  Among the questions that Congress must investigate, Mr. Speaker, is whether these private businesses are operating inside or outside the scope even of our current infirm law, and whether Federal law has the gaping loopholes that we suggested back in 1993 which allow these companies to claim significant payments for body parts as, quote, reasonable compensation for obtaining them.  We may also have to look at the clinics' financial interest, particularly where federally funded research is involved. When taxpayer funding of research using baby body parts was being defended 6 or more years ago, one thing that was said repeatedly was that these babies are already dead. The truth is, however, that they are not dead when a woman is asked to donate, and it may not even be true that the woman has decided to abort when she is presented with the prospect of handing over her baby's body parts for research purposes. And as we pointed out then, that may, among other factors, help tip the scale.  Mr. Speaker, many women are ambivalent about abortion, and the studies show that many are undecided even as they walk into the clinic doors. They hope to get objective counseling about their options, but abortion clinic employees, as we have known, are far from objective. Currently there is nothing in Federal law or regulations, and almost certainly nothing in the private sector, to prevent a so-called counselor from telling a woman who is undecided about abortion that if she decides to abort, some good can result if she donates her dead baby to research.  Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Colorado has pointed out to all of us, and again I want to salute him for bringing this to our attention, a woman who used to work for these middlemen has come forward to talk about their business arrangements with abortion clinics.  She has recounted that the abortion clinic would give her information on the women in the waiting room so that she could pick out the best candidates to fill their requests for organs and tissues, based on the women's medical history and stage or pregnancy. How far-fetched is it to imagine that these women in particular were approached to get permission to dissect their babies bodies? The so-called safeguards in current law for federally funded research are inadequate in this area and need to be re-examined.  Mr. Speaker, the prospect of economic gain causes can poison even those practices established with the most benevolent intentions. Just yesterday there was a news story about concerns that have been raised over trafficking in human organs internationally for profit. A university professor who founded a group, Organs Watch, to investigate this, said ``In the organs trade business, abuses creep in before you know it.'' The same abuses should be expected in the baby parts business.  I would be astounded if any Member of this body objected to this resolution. If the laws we have, and the enforcement of them, are so great, then hearings will bring that out. But if they are inadequate or are being ignored, then Congress should be made aware of that as well.  Mr. Speaker, the barest minimum that we can do is to have a full scale investigation into this and go wherever the leads may take us to try to stop this heinous practice.  I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ``yes'' on this important resolution. Let's let some light shine on this grisly business.  