 President.  I thank my colleagues who have been on the floor talking about an issue this morning that I think is becoming more and more critical, and that is access to clinical trials, the amendment by Senator Dodd.  It seems to me that in the Senate we have talked, in a bipartisan way, about making sure we have increased funding for NIH so we can have access to the best new research for diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and multiple sclerosis.  A lot of great research is occurring right now at NIH. Members have said many times that needs to be increased. In fact, the Labor Committee has worked very hard, and I am very proud of the fact we have increased funding to NIH by almost 40 percent.  However, today, citizens, taxpayers, who are paying the dollars for that increased research at NIH, are being routinely denied access to that new research when their HMO says they will not pay for a new clinical trial--these are new medications, new medical devices that have been researched and we have paid for the research through our own taxpayer dollars.  But when it comes to our constituents, who have paid for this research, having access to the clinical trials, having access to this new research, they are not allowed because their HMO denies it. That is why I think this amendment is so important to the taxpayers of this country.  I met recently with a number of cancer survivors in my own home State of Washington. Some of them were patients at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, a very well known cancer research facility, one of the premiere centers in this country. The doctors and the patients told me about how they were routinely being denied access to these clinical trials--these people who have no other recourse, who may have MS or cancer or another severe illness, who have no other hope out there except for access to a clinical trial. It is their last chance at life and their doctors recommended it. The doctors at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center said: This is their chance at life, and their insurance company, their HMO, said: No, sorry; we're not going to pay for it.  One of the things the doctors said, which made an impression on me, was that a patient was going to receive some kind of care with some kind of cost that their insurance company was going to have to pay for, and, in fact, the clinical trials, for the most part,cost less than the treatment this person was going to have. So they did not understand why the insurance company was going to decide which treatment they were going to have. They felt very strongly the doctors ought to be the ones deciding what kind of medical treatment this patient should be having. And the clinical trials were their best chance at recovery and hope for life.  I hope the Members of the Senate will agree with Senator Dodd and the other sponsors of this amendment and allow people to have access to the research they have paid for by taxpayers when they need it, when they are victims of cancer, when they have MS, when they have diabetes, and allow them to have access to clinical trials.  We will all win in the end because, without these clinical trials, we will not have the research we need to make sure these kinds of medical devices or these prescription drugs are then available to the general public as routine care that is paid for by HMOs.  I commend my colleagues for their debate on this issue. I urge all of us who have said we are for increased funding at NIH and increased funding for research to now allow our constituents in this country access to that care.  I thank the Senator.  