 President, I thank my colleague from California, Senator Boxer, who has risen to speak against this amendment, for her courage, and for her reminding all of us of how important this issue is to so many women across this country.  I speak today in strong opposition to the DeWine amendment, which once again, attempts to restrict access to safe, legal, affordable reproductive health care services for women. This amendment simply seeks to obstruct a women's right to choose.  I know the proponents of this amendment claim they are only prohibiting the use of federal funds to pay for abortion. The truth is this amendment is about the U.S. Senate determining what health benefits federal employees will receive.  Health insurance for federal employees is an earned benefit. It is part of an overall compensation package. It is no different than a salary. Through this amendment, Senator DeWine and his colleagues attempting to give federal taxpayers a say in how federal employees spend their salaries. This is unfair. A federal employee's salary belongs to the federal employee and a federal employee' health benefits belong to the federal employee.  Yet, we are here today debating an amendment that is based on the premise that the taxpayer controls federal employee's benefits. Again, health insurance is an earned benefit offered in lieu of income. The value of this benefit is part of the overall compensation for work performed. Why are we attempting to dictate the value or scope of a benefit owned by the federal employee? The answer is because the majority believes it can and therefore that it should. That's unfortunate.  I have a solution for federal employees who object to receiving benefits that allow a women the right to a full range of reproductive health care services: refuse to purchase health insurance from a plan that offers these benefits. It's that simple. Since the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan is, in part, funded by a premium paid by the employee that employee should have the right to refuse to support activities to which he or she objects. Those employees should simply not select these plans.  I think all federal employees should be outraged by this kind of amendment that we are debating. Dedicated, hard working federal employees are basically being asked to limit their constitutional right to choose when they enter federal employment. This amendment treats federal employees like second class citizens and gives them no ability to decide what kind of health insurance is appropriate to meet all of their health care needs, including reproductive health.  This amendment is not about the federal funding of abortions. This amendment is an assault on women's health. It is a creative way to deny access to abortion services for federal employees and their families. Federal employees should not be captive to the narrow views of a minority of the public. Allowing federal employees to purchase and receive insurance policies that allow them to have an abortion is not direct federal funding of abortion. It is a round-about way to limit some American's abilities to exercise the rightsgranted them by the Constitution. I, and the majority of Americans, support that right and the Roe versus Wade decision. This Senate should not undermine the fundamental right of women to decide whether to bear a child.  Most of my colleagues know voters would be outraged if they sought to overturn Roe versus Wade. But instead of simply coming forward and admitting they oppose the idea that a woman has a constitutional right to decide what is in her best interest and the best interests of her family, they hide behind arguments about federal funding. Most of my colleagues know that a majority of the population supports the basic of privacy inherent in the Roe versus Wade decision. Abortion, up to viability, is a personal and private matter. Rather than seeking to overturn Roe versus Wade, they have decided to restrict access with a multitude of creative, but similarly offensive, ways.  By mandating that insurance companies participating in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan deny access to abortion services as part of their defined benefit package, the U.S. Senate is attempting to take a private and difficult decision and add to a woman's hardship by turning it also into a financial burden.  Many federal employees simply do not have the discretionary income to pay for an abortion. The cost of this procedure can be high. By removing this health care benefit from all federal insurance plans, we have placed a significant financial burden on employees and their families. For federal employees, the protections guaranteed under Roe versus Wade are seriously jeopardized. Financial barriers can be just as effective for many people as simply overturning Roe versus Wade.  I hope this amendment is defeated and that we can recognize the valuable contributions of all federal employees by not forcing them to surrender their rights and protections as a condition of being a civil servant. I also hope that we can stop these constant assaults on women's health care and that of their families.  Mr. President, I retain the remainder of our time.  Mr. DeWINE. Mr. President, let me just briefly respond to some of the comments that have been made. This matter has been debated many times on the Senate floor. I seriously doubt there will be any new points that I or anyone else will raise.  Sometimes the obvious must be stated: This amendment does not stop abortions. This amendment does not say to any woman what she can or cannot do. This simply says taxpayers are not going to pay for it. It is that simple. It is that basic.  We have to understand, on the average health plan in the Federal Government, 73 percent of the cost is paid for by the Government, which means 73 percent of the cost is paid for by the taxpayers.  We get back to the issue, should the American people, on an involuntary basis, through their taxes, have money taken out of their pay to be used to pay for abortions when many people believe very adamantly that this is wrong? I think the answer is absolutely not, we should not have this money involuntarily taken from taxpayers to pay for abortions, which violates the conscience of many taxpayers.  This is one Senator who doesn't quote polls too often on the Senate floor, but I think it has some relevance about what the American people expect us to do as far as how their taxes are spent. A Fox poll in 1998 asked: Do you think health care plans should pay for any of the cost of an abortion? That answer? Sixty percent said no. The question specifically had to do with the Federal Government paying for these Federal health care plans. Sixty percent said no; 28 percent said yes.  I think it is very clear, with the Federal Government paying almost three-fourths of the cost of these plans and taxpayers paying three-fourths of the cost, we understand what is at stake and what the issue is. It has nothing to do with whether or not a person has a legal right to an abortion. That is a debate for a different day.  