 President, we are nearing the end of the budget process, and there were inferences made on the floor yesterday that the class size initiative should not be part of the final budget agreement because--it has been claimed--the President doesn't have the authority to insist that we hire more teachers to reduce class size.  Mr. President, I have come to the floor today to clarify the President's important--and authorized role--in fighting for smaller classes. I have also come to the floor to remind my colleagues that this year we have smaller class sizes--where discipline has been restored and kids can learn the basics--because last year Congress made a bipartisan agreement--and a bipartisan commitment--to hire 100,000 new teachers in order to reduce size in first, second, and third grades.  Today, as the budget process winds down, I want to make sure that our agreement is not pushed aside.  Let me remind my colleagues that the President does have the authority in the Constitution to register his opinion on whether or not the budget is acceptable. In fact, the President doesn't just have the authority, but he has the responsibility under Article I, Section 7 to return bills with his objections that he does not approve of. And I'm glad the President has that authority and that he will use it if this Congress doesn't guarantee class size reductions. And 38 Senators signed a letter saying we would stand behind his threatened veto because we agree class size reduction is critical.  Mr. President, in trying to reduce the number of students in each classroom, I have followed the process. In March, I was told it wasn't the right time. In the subcommittee, I was told we weren't allowed to offer amendments. In full committee, I was told it was too controversial. Then, when I got the floor, I was told I'd have to wait until the Elementary and Secondary Education Act was written. If we have to wait until then, we won't be able to tell kids they will have small classes next year, and we can't tell teachers they will have their jobs next year.  Mr. President, I have followed the process, and I have waited. But I am tired of waiting as I sense that this Congress is trying to undo our bipartisan commitment. What am I supposed to tell students, ``Congress has to write the ESEA and until then, you have to learn your ABCs in a class with 35 students.'' To me, that is not acceptable. I'm not going to tell them that. If this Congress feels so strong that guaranteeing smaller classes is not important, you can give them your excuses.  This is about money in the budget that Congress approved last year, and it is about us keeping our commitment to improving education by reducing class size.  The class size reduction effort has been a success in its first year. Today, we have kids learning in classroomsthat are less crowded--learning to read, learning to write, and learning the basics with fewer discipline problems. They are working with a trained professional. Research shows they are going to have higher graduation rates, higher grade point averages and a higher likelihood of pursuing higher education.  They are going to be successful because of the work this Congress did one year ago. And the President has a right to insist on it. We as Democrats have a right to insist on it, and--as a Senator in this body--I am here to insist on it.  Now is the time to keep our commitment. Now is when the decisions are being made. Now is when we have to stand up for smaller classes. If we have to wait until after all budget deals have been cut, until after all the money has been spent, we will have failed those teachers, we will have failed those parents, but most importantly, we will have failed those children.  Mr. President, it is a national priority to reduce class size so kids can learn the basics and so discipline can be restored in the classroom. It is a promise we made last year and we need to put the money behind it, wherever it is appropriate.  A few weeks ago, I met with a teacher in Tacoma, WA, named Kris Paynter. Last year, there were 30 kids in her first grade class. This year there are 13 because of this program. That makes a huge difference for those kids. I saw a disciplined classroom where kids could learn the basics. Next year, we don't know how many kids will be in Ms. Paynter's class. And we can't even guarantee those 29,000 teachers hired last year will keep their jobs.  Mr. President, putting all of these process questions aside, what really matters at the end of the day is that kids have smaller classes. The teachers and parents in this country care that we do it. Period.  The millions of children who are now in smaller classes aren't wondering ``has this been authorized?'' or ``is this in the budget?'' or ``does the President have the constitutional authority to reduce class sizes?'' What really matters is that we fulfill our promise to parents, teachers, and students that we made last year in a bipartisan process.  Mr. President, I hate to say it, but at every turn, this Congress has put special interests ahead of the interests of real families. This is the last opportunity we will have to do something significant for kids. We didn't address the loopholes that still allow kids and criminals to get their hands on guns. We didn't make schools safer after the Columbine tragedy. We didn't provide health insurance to more kids. This is the last chance we have in this Congress to do something for out kids, fix a problem we know exists. And I am here to say that we cannot let this chance pass.  We need to keep our commitment to reducing class size. We need to be able to tell those teachers they will have jobs next year, and we need to be able to tell those kids they will have small classes next year. Let's stand behind our commitment.  