 President, what is most appalling to me is that we have left the Labor, Health, and Human Services bill to the very last. This bill is extremely important to every family in this country. It funds everything from health care to NIH research to education, key programs that we are responsible for at the Federal level, being a partner in making sure every child in this country gets an education so they can be successful.  Last night, we referenced the Subcommittee on Labor, Health, and Human Services. We were unable to offer any amendments, and I was disappointed in that. I was pleased that the Republicans put forward a budget that does appear--and I use the word ``appear''--to fund education at much better levels than the House, and we are grateful for that. We have been out here on the floor innumerable times saying education is a top priority and in this budget we want to make sure that happens. Surely our colleagues have listened to this, and the numbers on the paper show they have. However, what is underneath those numbers is very disconcerting to me, and it should be very disconcerting to every parent and every family across this country.  Let me talk for a minute about a very important initiative we passed last year to reduce class size in the first, second, and third grades.  It was a bipartisan effort. We negotiated with our Republican colleagues. Every Member in the Senate and House voted for it and agreed with us that reducing class size would make tremendous gains in education across this country. In the budget that is put forward that the Labor Committee will be hearing this afternoon, I do not see any class-size money. This money has been taken away. The 30,000 new teachers who have been hired this year who are in our classrooms looking our children in the eyes as we speak will be fired if we pass this Labor bill as it now appears before us.  I do see $1.2 billion for something called teacher assistance initiative. We have no idea what that is. Clearly, it is not class-size reduction. We do not have any idea what it is, and it is subject to authorization, meaning essentially those dollars will never come forward. If that is the case, this bill is terribly underfunded when it comes to education and the needs of families across our country. But I am very concerned that the class-size money has been taken out of this budget.  I simply cannot support going out and firing 5,000 teachers across this country. These teachers are in place today. This was a commitment we made in the Senate 1 year ago when we told them we were going to work with them to reduce class size.  Why did we say we wanted to reduce class size? Because we know that students from small classes enroll in more college-bound courses such as foreign languages, advanced math, and science. This has been proven. We know students in small class sizes in first, second, and third grades have higher grade point averages. We know they have fewer discipline problems. And we know they have lower drop-out rates.  We knew that last year so we said as a Federal Government we were going to begin a process of hiring 100,000 new teachers across this country so students in the first, second, and third grade can have the attention they need and the teacher time they need to learn the basic skills of English, math, and science. We know those kids who come from those classes will do better.  Smaller class sizes mean higher grades, more kids will be able to compete when they graduate from high school, more kids will be successful, and more students will less likely have discipline problems and, as we all know, turn to violence as a means of making their voices heard.  We are going to fight for class size on this side of the aisle. We want those teachers who have been hired and those children in those classrooms to know what we said a year ago will not be taken away because it is a new year. We want them to know we are committed to education, we are committed to being the partner we are supposed to be, and it is not just for today, it is for tomorrow.  Numbers and rhetoric on a piece of paper do not educate a child. Making sure our kids are in classes that are small enough and that we have the dollars and commitment is critical, and making sure school construction is part of what we do--and there is no money in this bill for school construction--and making sure each child knows we care about them is critical. The Senator from California has been out on the floor many times to talk about afterschool programs, which are funded in this bill but less than what the President requested.  We are pleased the Republicans have brought us a budget with the numbers on a piece of paper, but we want to know that those commitments are real, that those teachers are not going to lose their jobs because of some rhetoric on the floor this year and smoke and mirrors and no funding, and we do not know how it is all going to happen in the end and, gee, 6 months from now, gosh, the program is gone. We want it real, we want language now, we want numbers now, and we want to tell our kids we care about them in a manner that is true. That is for what the Democrats are going to be fighting. I thank my colleagues on this side of the aisle.  