 President, this evening we will vote on what is arguably the most important of our 13 appropriations bills, the Labor, Health and Human Services and Education Appropriations Act. When it comes to funding for education, the Congress has fundamentally ignored the messages of the American people. In this bill, education spending remains in the neighborhood of 1.6 percent of overall federal spending, a very poor neighborhood indeed. The American people cannot understand why, if education is their first priority, it is the last bill passed and the lowest funding priority of their Congress. They cannot fathom why, in a year when school districts across the country are hiring highly-qualified teachers to reduce class size, the Congress is walking away from its commitment.  The House, regrettably, has done far worse by education than any of us could have imagined. The drastic cuts to education that would take effect under the House bill would send America back into the 19th century, not forward into the 21st. The House bill would cause 142,000 fewer children to be served in Head Start, would keep 50,000 students out of after-school programs, and would deprive 2.1 million children in high-poverty communities of extra help in mastering the basics of reading and math.  The Senate has done better by our schools, but only through smoke-and-mirrors budgeteering that should give our school communities no long-term confidence. Advance funding is not without effect on the local school budget, which demands consistency and predictability.  The numbers in the Senate bill are a better level from which to negotiate in the conference committee, but even these funding levels ignore the grim reality that our schools face a fundamentally tougher job than they did even five years ago, with skyrocketing enrollment, of students who are more expensive to educate, and who have less support at home and in the community.  Despite all this, at least the Senate provides current funding for most educational services, makes some effort toward meeting the higher needs in others, and does a good job of providing new investments in a few areas. Funding for the Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act is increased by more than $900 million, a good start toward meeting our national commitment to fund forty percent of a local school district's costs of educating a disabled child.  The $200 per student increase for Pell grants is a good investment, but only about half of what is needed this year. I'm particularly proud that we were able to increase funding for adult and family literacy, by increasing the adult basic education program by more than $100 million. This means that thousands more adults and their families will be able to take the first steps toward increased viability in our changing economy.  The failures in this bill are many, however. As an example, let's look at funding for vocational and technical education. Current funding or freezes in funding are not sufficient in a world where the economy changes as rapidly as ours is changing. Young people need the skills not only to survive but to thrive. All young people need access to applied skills as well as theoretical ones, in order for them to succeed in the workplace, the classroom, and in life. And yet, we do not make the significant investments needed.  The largest failure of all, of course, is the backward step the majority is taking on class size reduction. Reducing class size by helping school districts hire 100,000 high-quality teachers nationwide is an investment in our schools that is paying dividends right now. The first 30,000 teachers are in the classroom, and what a classroom it is. To walk from a class with 25 or 28 first graders into one of the smaller classes I've been visiting this fall is a stark contrast. Improved achievement, increased time on task, more individual attention, and a lack of discipline problems are obvious in the smaller class. The teacher in the larger class looks as if he is running to catch up, and the student must keep her hand in the air for too long a time. This is a very real, tangible investment we have made in our schools. The Senate and the House, on a completely partisan basis, are reneging on the most common-sense investment in school improvement made in recent history. The reason that the Republicans are so afraid of these 30,000 teachers is that this program is actually working.  Pili Wolfe, Principal at Lyon Elementary School in Tacoma, Washington, where federal class size funds are being used to dramatically reduce class size in first grade, and to provide high-quality professional development for teachers through a program called Great Start, says: ``Children in our first-grade Great Start classrooms have shown more growth within the first month of school than any previous first-grade class.''  Andrea Holzapfel, a first-grade teacher at Lyon, says: ``Smaller numbers allow me to spend significantly more time in individual and small-group instruction. Having fewer children allows more participation by the kids in discussion and classroom activities.''  The program works. The one-page, on-line application form means no paperwork, no bureaucracy. Two-hundred and sixty-one of Washington state's two-hundred and ninety-six school districts have already put class size reduction and teacher professional development into effect in their schools. The accountability is to the local community, through a school report card describing how many teachers were hired and in which grades. Improved student achievement will be the ultimate measure of the success of this year's investment.  But the investment cannot stop here.  The President has said that this bill is headed for a veto, because of thelack of continued investment in class size reduction, and other key education efforts.  One such effort is GEAR UP, which enables low-income schools and their neighboring colleges to form partnerships to get mentors to help students study hard, stay in school, and go on to college. Funding for this program is only $180 million, not the $240 necessary to get this important investment to the communities where it is needed most.  Increased funding for after-school programs was given short shrift, despite what the research shows about the link between young people having no positive pursuits in the afternoon and evening, and the related increase in crime.  Education technology has been cut by the House, and the Senate numbers are not sufficient to meet the growing need in an area where the federal government is the primary funding source in most schools and communities, far beyond the investments made by states and localities.  When it comes to education, this Congress has not stepped up to the very challenge we are asking the educators, students, families and communities across America to meet. When the expectations on Congress increased, the level of commitment and vision decreased.  I am voting for this bill to move the process along. If class size funding and other key investments are not restored, the conference report will be vetoed. If it is vetoed, I and many of my colleagues will vote to sustain that veto. This bill in its current form is only a vehicle through which we may negotiate higher numbers in conference.  The American people have a stake in this battle. We need to hear their voices now.  This has been a difficult vote for me. While the bill does provide a significant investment in public health and safety, it does so on the backs of our children and retreating from our commitment to improve class size. This bill cannot survive in its current form.  I do want to point out what I believe are positive aspects of this bill. I applaud the efforts of Chairman Specter and Senator Harkin in preparing an appropriations bill that meets important public health priorities. I know how difficult this appropriations process has been and know their job was not easy. As a member of the Labor, Health & Human Services & Education Subcommittee, I am pleased that our product does maintain our commitment and investment in public health.  The additional $2 billion investment for NIH alone will bring us that much closer to finding a cure for diseases like cancer, Parkinson's, cardiovascular, Alzheimer's, MS and AIDS. Every dollar invested in NIH reaps greater savings in health care dollars as well as greater savings in human lives. This additional investment will ensure that we remain on a course to double NIH funding. I know how important this funding is and am proud to represent outstanding research institutions like the University of Washington and the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center who receive significant research funding from NIH.  I am also pleased that we have provided funding for trauma care planning and development for the states. This is an essential program that assists the states in efforts to effectively develop trauma care strategies. We have neglected trauma care and we have lost ground in life saving delivery of critical care. I was pleased that the Subcommittee recognized the importance of trauma care planning.  As many of my colleagues know, I have been pushing for federal funding to establish a national poison control plan. My allegiance to ``Mr. Yuk'' is well known within this chamber, as well as within the HELP Committee. It was only two years ago that I offered an amendment during FDA reform to protect voluntary poison control labeling like Mr. Yuk from possible elimination. I have used my position on the Appropriations Committee to push for funding for poison control centers and for a national 1-800 hotline. I am pleased that this legislation includes $3 million for poison control efforts. This line-item within HRSA is a major victory for children and their parents. We have taken a huge step forward in developing a national poison control plan that builds on successful efforts in all of the states, like those made in Washington state.  As one of the most vocal women's health care advocates in the Senate, I am pleased that the Committee report to accompany this Appropriations bill addresses several women's health issues and enhances programs to eliminate gender bias or discrimination. I want to thank the Chairman for his support of funding for the CDC Breast and Cervical Cancer Screening Program for low income women. This continued commitment will save lives and improve survival rates for women who often have little or no access to cancer screening. We know that early dedication offers the greatest hope of survival.  I am pleased that we have been able to provide additional funding to expand the WISE WOMEN program to screen for cardiovascular disease as well as breast and cervical cancer. Cardiovascular disease is the number one killer of American women. Twice as many women die from cardiovascular disease than breast and cervical cancers combined. I was disappointed that we could not find additional monies to expand this program in all 50 states, and will continue to work to secure additional funding for FY2000.  There are many reasons why I consider the Labor, HHS Appropriations bill one of the most important appropriations bills and the one piece of legislation that truly effects all Americans and offers hope to the most vulnerable. But, perhaps one of the most critical programs funded in this appropriations bill is funding for battered women's shelters. This funding does save lives. This funding is the life line for battered and abused women and children. I am proud to have worked with the Chairman of the Subcommittee to increase our investment in battered women's shelters. I am working for the day when we need no more battered women's shelters. Unfortunately, we have a long way to go. But, by increasing the funds available by $13.5 million for FY2000, we have offered communities more resources to assist victims of domestic violence find a vital, life-saving safe shelter.  I am hopeful that these important public health investments will survive what will likely be a difficult conference with the House.  