 President, I thank the chairman of the Labor-HHS Subcommittee for his commitment to children and health. He stood with many of us many times. Unfortunately, the Labor bill that is now before us simply doesn't make the grade. I believe a number of our colleagues on this side of the aisle will be speaking against this and voting against this in the hopes that when the President vetoes it, the Senator from Pennsylvania, chairman of the committee, will work out some of the things about which we care deeply.  When you leave something for the last minute, you can't do it justice. This Congress has left our investment in educating our children, in protecting our American workforce, and in ensuring the health of the people of this country for the last minute, and the failures are pretty obvious. The Labor-HHS appropriations bill should have been the first bill we brought to the floor--not the last.  This Congress has tried every trick and every gimmick to play games with the budget. I am here to say we are nearing the end of this game; and for the American people who are watching this Congress, they must wonder how serious we are about addressing their concerns. If this flawed proposal passes, the American people will be the ones who lose out.  I am on the floor to say this combination D.C./Labor-HHS conference report--with its irresponsible across-the-board cuts--fails to make the vital investments we need, the investments our constituents are asking for.  Mr. President, I will vote against this conference report, and I will tell you why. First, and most important, this bill will not guarantee that we reduce class size.  Now, last year, this Congress, the House and Senate, Democrats and Republicans, made a bipartisan commitment to help our districts hire and train new teachers. We did that because research shows students who learn in classes where there are fewer students in the early grades do better throughout their educational careers. They learn the basics--math, science, and English--and they have fewer discipline problems. We did that because it was a goal of all of us to make a concerted national effort to make sure that young children learned the basics, reduced the discipline problems, went on to college, and would be viable contributors to our economy when they graduated.  Last year, we made that bipartisan commitment and promised the parents of this country we would give their schools targeted money for smaller class sizes for the next 7 years. This bill walks away from that commitment. That is not acceptable. Not only does it walk away, but it broadens the use of the money so much that it could open the door to using vital, public education, class size dollars for private school vouchers.  Now, the President has said he will veto this bill if it does not keep our commitment to hire more teachers to reduce class size. I am proud that 37 Senators have joined with me to sign a letter saying they will back up that veto because we know that guaranteeing smaller classes for our children is worth fighting for.  The Labor-HHS bill's failure on class size is glaring. But to me it is just a start of many things that need to be fixed once this is vetoed and sent back to us in order for Democrats to be supportive.  It also fails to help families gain the literacy skills they need. When the Senate passed its version, we were able to provide an increase of $103 million, which would have taken thousands of people off of waiting lists for literacy services. But in this conference agreement, they cut the Senate number by $43 million. Those families were just about to get the skills they needed to rejoin our economy, and this agreement pushes them to back of the line.  This bill fails to make kids safer in our schools. In a year when the tragedyat Columbine High School is still fresh in our minds, this bill cuts--cuts--$31 million from the Senate bill for the Safe and Drug-Free Schools Program. Local educators tell me we should double our funding in this area which is vital. Cutting it is just not acceptable.  This bill also fails the children who depend on the Head Start program. Head Start often makes the difference between success and failure in school for so many disadvantaged children. This bill does not do right by them.  This bill also cuts basic skills education for disadvantaged students. And it underfunds education technology programs at a time when we know all of our students need to get the skills in technology so that they can get the jobs that are open and waiting for them in so many communities across our country. It also cuts the vocational education program at a time when we know we need to make sure our kids graduate with skills to help them get jobs.  This bill does not do enough to support the Reading Excellence Act and bilingual education. This bill underfunds several important programs that build access and success for higher education students by not adequately funding Pell grants and vital programs like GEAR UP, LEAP, and TRIO.  I could go on. But it is clear that on education this bill is a missed opportunity. I am sure many people will try to claim that this agreement is ``a victory for education.'' But I can tell you as a former teacher and a former school board member that it is a hollow victory.  Mr. President, on labor issues, the Labor, HHS bill fails to adequately protect American workers and to promote universal employment.  This bill cuts funds for vital organizations, like the National Labor Relations Board--by 5 percent--and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration--by 6 percent--below the administration's request. I don't want to be any part of a bill that could harm our ability to enforce the labor and workplace laws that protect the health and safety of our country's workers.  This bill's irresponsible across-the-board spending cut would also hurt many vital job programs. For example, it would cut the Department of Labor's Youth Activities formula grants by $9.7 million, closing the door to almost 5,700 disadvantaged young people as they seek job training, summer employment, and educational opportunities. That is not acceptable to this Senator.  Mr. President, when it comes to protecting the health of our citizens, this bill is a mixed bag. While it does offer important support for the National Institutes of Health, for telemedicine for Children's Hospital in Seattle, poison control, and community and migrant health centers, the areas where it fails are so significant and so glaring that I cannot support the underlying bill.  This bill fails to address the human and social costs of AIDS and HIV. This bill's arbitrary and irresponsible across-the-board cut means that AIDS patients and their communities will suffer because it doesn't meet the growing need for services--services like drug assistance and pediatric AIDS care.  Similarly, the D.C. appropriations bill will hurt our ability to halt the spread of the disease because the bill continues to prohibit public funds from being used for clean needle exchange.  This bill also reduces our commitment to reproductive health care and family planning. I find it painfully ironic that last week, 48 Senators went on record against the principles of Roe v. Wade, claiming that abortion should not be a choice for women. Yet when it comes to reducing unintentional pregnancies or providing health care services for pregnant women, those same Senators are simply not there. This bill means that 40,000 women will be denied access to basic reproductive health care. It will reduce women's access to critical pre-natal care.  This bill's irresponsible across-the-board cut will also weaken our ability to respond to domestic violence. This bill would spend less money than we are spending this year on programs under the Violence Against Women Act. That means less money for rape prevention and for battered women's shelters.  Many communities in my State are struggling--struggling--to help women and children affected by rape and abuse. Reducing the Federal commitment in this area is simply unacceptable.  Some people will say this bill's across-the-board cut won't hurt anyone. They are wrong because denying emergency shelter to a battered woman and her children is painful. Denying access to reproductive health care services to 40,000 women is painful, and denying access to life-saving drug therapies for AIDS patients is worse than painful, it is deadly.  Mr. President, we still have an opportunity to do the right thing for our children, our families and our communities. I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this bill so the President can veto it and we can fix it--by undoing its damaging across-the-board cut and keeping our commitment to reduce class size. Let's show the American people that even though this Congress has failed--throughout the session--to do its work in a timely, responsible way, we still have the wisdom to get things right at the end.  