 President, included in the Manager's amendment is an important provision relating to women's health and access to reproductive health care services. I am pleased to have worked with the managers of this bill to send a strong message on the importance of direct access for women to their OB/GYN.  I was disappointed that we were unable to address the rule XVI concerns with the amendment I had originally filed. My original amendment would simply allow women and their OB/GYNs to make important health care decisions without barriers or obstacles erected by insurance company policies. My amendment would have required that health plans give women direct access to their OB/GYN for all gynecological and obstetrical care and would have prohibited insurance companies from standing between a woman and her OB/GYN.  However, it has been determined that my amendment would violate rule XVI. As a result of the announcement by the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee that he will make a point of order against all amendments that may violate rule XVI, I have modified my amendment. The modification still allows Members of the Senate to be on record in support of women's health or in opposition to removing barriers that hinder access for women to critical reproductive health care services.  I am offering a sense-of-the-Senate that puts this question to each Member. I realize that this amendment is not binding, but due to opposition to my original amendment, I have been forced to offer this sense-of-the-Senate.  I am disappointed that we could not act to provide this important protection to women, but I do believe this amendment will send an important message that the U.S. Senate does support greater access for women to quality health care benefits.  I have offered this amendment due to my frustration and disappointment with managed care reform. I have become frustrated by stalling tactics and empty promises. The managed care reform bill that passed the Senate hasbeen referred to as an empty promise for women. I can assure my colleagues that women are much smarter than they may expect and will not be fooled by empty promises or arguments of procedural discipline. When a woman is denied direct access to the care provided by her OB/GYN, she will not be interested in a discussion on ERISA or rule XVI. She wants direct access to her OB/GYN. She needs direct access, and she should have direct access.  My amendment also reiterates the importance of ensuring that the OB/GYN remains the coordinating physician. Any test or additional referral would be treated as if made by the primary care physician. This amendment does not call for the designation of an OB/GYN as a primary care physician, it simply says that if the OB/GYN decides additional care is necessary, the patient is not forced to seek approval from a primary care physician, who may not be familiar with her overall health care status.  Why is this amendment important? The number one reason most women enter the health care system is to seek gynecological or obstetric care. This is the primary point of entry for women into the health care system. For most women, including myself, we consider our OB/GYN our primary care physician--maybe not as an insurance company defines it--but, in practice, that's the reality.  Does a woman go to her OB/GYN for an ear infection? No. But, does a pregnant woman consult with her OB/GYN prior to taking any antibiotic for the treatment of an ear infection? Yes, most women do.  I know the policy endorsed in this amendment has in the past enjoyed bipartisan support. The requirements are similiar to S. 836, legislation introduced by Senator Specter and cosponsored by several Senators both Republican and Democrat. This amendment is similar to language that was adopted during committee consideration in the House of the fiscal year 1999 Labor, HHS appropriations bill. A similar directive is contained in the bipartisan House Patients' Bill of Rights legislation. It has the strong support of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and I know I have heard from several OB/GYNs in my own state testifying to the importance of direct access to the full range of care provided, not just routine care.  I would also like to point out to my colleagues, that 39 states have similar requirements and that as participants in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan, all of us--as Senators--have this same guarantee as well as our family members. If we can guarantee this protection for ourselves and our families, we should do the same for women participating in a manager care plan.  I realize that this appropriations bill may not be the best vehicle for offering this amendment. However, I have waited for final action on a Patients' Bill of Rights for too long. I have watched as patient protection bills have been stalled or delayed. Last year we were told that we would finish action on a good Patients' Bill of Rights package prior to adjournment.  Well, here we sit--almost 12 months later--with little hope of finishing a good, comprehensive managed care reform bill prior to our scheduled adjournment this year.  I also want to remind my colleagues that we have in the past used appropriations bills to address deficiencies in current law or to address an urgent need for action. I believe that addressing an urgent need in women's health care qualifies as a priority that we must address. I realize that the authorizing committee has objected to the original amendment I filed. As a member of the authorizing committee as well, I can understand this objection. But, again I have little choice but to proceed on this appropriations bill.  We all know that it was only recently on the fiscal year 1999 supplemental appropriations bill that we authorized a significant change in Medicaid recoupment provisions despite strong objections from the Finance Committee.  In last year's omnibus appropriations bill, we authorized a requirement that insurance companies must cover breast reconstruction surgery following a mastectomy. I can assure my colleagues that this provision never went through the authorizing committee. I would also point out that there are several antichoice riders contained in this appropriations bill that represent a major authorization.  As these examples show, when we have to address these types issues through appropriations bills--we can do it. We have done it in the past, and we should do it today to meet this need.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. We all talk about the need to ensure access for women to health care. I applaud Chairman Specter's efforts in this appropriations bill regarding women's health care. Adopting this amendment gives us the opportunity to do something that does ensure greater access for women. This is what women want. This is the chance for Senators to show their commitment to this critical benefit.  I would like to quote a statement made by our subcommittee chairman that I believe more eloquently explains why I am urging this amendment. ``I believe it is clear that access to women's health care cuts across the intricacies of the complicated and often divisive managed care debate.'' I could not agree more.  We know from the current state requirement and the Federal Employee Health Benefit Program requirement, this provision does not have a significant impact on costs of health care. We also know from experience that it has a positive impact on health care benefits. Since 60 percent of office visits to OB/GYNs are for preventive care, we could make the argument that adoption of this policy would reduce the overall costs of health care.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and ask that we do more than simply make empty promises to women. We need an honest and fair debate on this policy.  I would ask my colleagues to seek further education or advice from women as to the importance of direct access and ask their female constituents about the relationship they have with their own OB/GYN. Let women speak for themselves. If you listen, you will hear why this policy is so important and why women trust their OB/GYN far more than their insurance company or their Member of Congress.  