 President, I rise today in support of the amendment to protect Americans from hate crimes. It is unfortunate that the amendment's chief sponsor, Senator Ted Kennedy, couldn't be here to take part in this debate. Senator Kennedy has worked tirelessly to enact this crucial piece of legislation. He has my heartfelt appreciation for his work on this and my sympathy for the loss of his nephew. I can't possibly match his passion and eloquence on this issue, but I am here today to discuss and support his amendment on hate crimes prevention.  Hate crime is real. Despite great gains in equality and civil rights over the later part of this century, hate crimes are still being committed. Those who commit these heinous crimes must be punished.  We all remember Matthew Shepard. He was a young man who just last fall was viciously struck down in the prime of his life. Tragically, he is now a reminder of what happens when he do not stand up to hate and bigotry. We must treat hate crimes as the deadly threat they are and do more to prevent them. These are not simply assaults. They are violent crimes motivated by hate and bigotry.  Passing this amendment gives us more tools to fight hate. I am pleased to join with many of my colleagues as a co-sponsor of this important legislation. The amendment would expand the definition of a hate crime and improve prosecution of those who act out their hate with violence. If someone harms another because of the victim's race, gender, color, religion, disability or sexual orientation, they will be punished. No longer will the activity of the victim matter, but the actions and motivations of the perpetrator will be the focus. It is important to note that the prosecutor would still have to convince a jury beyond a reasonable doubt that the criminal act was motivated by prejudice.  No one can beat a person to death and leave them to die without beingmotivated by a deep sense of hate. In the case of Matthew Shepard, it was no simply robbery. The motive was hate.  I know some of my colleagues argue that the states are doing an adequate job of handling hate crimes on their own. I commend them for their efforts, but I believe the federal government has a further role in this as well. We already prosecute at the federal level many crimes that are motivated by prejudice. We need to strengthen these federal hate crimes laws and increase the role of the federal government in ending this violence. It wasn't that many years ago that we stood up for equality and justice by forcing the states and private citizens to end segregation and discrimination. Now we must do the same for hate crimes against any of our citizens.  I ask that my statement appear in the Record immediately following the text of the hate crimes amendment.  