 President, I commend my colleague for his work on theEd-Flex bill as well as the other cosponsors of this initiative. I know he feels passionately about bureaucratic paperwork and has worked very hard to try to reduce some of that, as well as Education Secretary Riley, who has made a major effort in his tenure at the Department to reduce paperwork. We have heard some really good stories in the last year back from him.  We agree with you on Ed-Flex and want to move that forward. I think the Democratic leader this morning, offering to come up with limited amendments and limited time agreements, made a very generous offer, because there are a number of Senators, I think on both sides of the aisle, who want to spend some time talking about education, talking about what is happening in our schools, talking about our responsibility as Senators to be in partnership with those local schools and teachers and school board members; making sure that our kids, no matter who they are or where they come from or how much money they have, have the best education possible. That is the debate we want to have on the floor of the Senate.  I am extremely disappointed because I came over here this morning, hoping to offer my class size amendment. I have been precluded from doing that by the actions of the majority leader. I am ready to offer my amendment so we can send a message to those school board members who are meeting right now, today, trying to figure out their budgets, who last October listened to us tell them in a bipartisan way, Republicans and Democrats, Senate and House Members, that we are committed to helping them reduce class size so our kids can get the adequate learning they need to compete in today's global economy.  But we are here today, once again precluded from being able to offer that amendment, to have a debate, to have an up-or-down vote, so those school board members can put their budgets together and begin to hire those teachers, as they must shortly do, so they can have a commitment that is real.  Let's tell them this was not a political promise before the election by Republicans and Democrats. This was a real commitment on our part to make a difference, to reduce class size in grades 1 through 3. We began that process last year. We have an obligation, and this is our opportunity to make a real difference.  