 President, we are coming to the end of this debate.  Obviously, there will be a tabling motion on my amendment. We have heard a lot on both sides. The one thing we all share is the understanding that the mining industry is an important industry in this country. We understand it provides jobs in many of our communities. We want to make sure that is retained in a fair way. The mining industry did not like the position of the mining law. Instead of allowing reform of a law that was written almost 130 years ago in a give-and-take fashion, they have come sweeping into the Interior bill, and in that bill the proponents have changed that portion of the law that the mining industry does not like.  Maybe that portion of the law needs to be changed because of current technology that is out there. However, they should give something back. They already have an incredible deal. They pay $2.50 to $5 an acre for the land they use. They pay no royalties and now in this Interior bill they are allowed incredible mass use of our public lands.  We have heard a lot about the law and the BLM manual. Let me show Members what the statute says. This is the 1872 law. It is very clear. It says:       Such nonadjacent surface ground may be embraced and      included in at application for patent for such vein or lode,      and the same may be patented therewith . . . on no location      made on or after May 10, 1872, of such nonadjacent land shall      exceed five acres.  And for placer claims:       Such land may be included in an application for a patent      for such claim and may be patented therewith subject to the      same requirements as to survey and notice as are applicable      to the placers. No location made of such nonmineral land      shall exceed five acres.  The law is clear. The BLM manual from 1976 to 1991 was also very clear and talked about 5 acres. This was changed in 1991 at the end of the Bush era. It was changed to read:       A mill site cannot exceed five acres in size. There is no      limit to the number of mill sites that can be held by a      single claimant.  We are not here to debate the BLM manual. We are here to say: Should the law that was written in 1872 be changed to favor one side of this debate in this Interior bill before the Senate right now? We are saying if we are going to change a part of the law, this law, then we should ask the industry what they will give us in return. Will it be royalty that other industries have to pay? Is it more per acre? Should environmental law apply? Should they clean it up?  We should debate it. It should be part of the 1872 Mining Act reform. I think this Congress ought to get into this debate. To do it blatantly for one side in this bill, this night, is not the way to do it. That is why we are debating this issue. I hope many of our colleagues will understand this is a giveaway to an industry that does not pay royalties, that only pays between $2.50 and $5 an acre, less than any Member would pay to go camping on our public lands.  I think it needs to be done in a fair way. I urge my colleagues to step back. What are we doing for the taxpayers of this country? Let's be fair to them. Let's be fair to our public lands. Let's be fair to the law and do it right and not do it in a rider on the Interior appropriations bill. I urge my colleagues to vote against the motion to table.  I thank all of our colleagues who came to the floor to help with this debate.  