 President, I rise today in strong support of the Kennedy amendment and as a cosponsor of the minimum wage increase.  In this debate, many people have the wrong idea about who this increase would affect. Many people think the typical wage earner is a young man or woman flipping burgers or working at a convenience store trying to make a few extra dollars to buy some CD's or to go to the movies. That image is inaccurate. And until we really understand who the people are who rely on the minimum wage, we won't approach this debate with the urgency it requires.  To clear up that misconception, let me set the record straight. In reality, 70 percent of the people earning a minimum wage are over the age of 20. That means that 11.4 million adults this year will have to try to live on a salary of $10,700.  Forty percent of these same adults are the sole source of income for their families. These are people who are working hard--just to get by and support their families. They deserve a fighting chance.  I am especially concerned that 59 percent of those struggling on the minimum wage are women. 6.8 million women--many of these single mothers--would benefit directly from this increase.  These single mothers are doing their best. They are trying to raise two kids--on average--on a below-poverty income. And how does this Congress support these struggling parents? By attacking programs like Medicaid, by cutting child care support, by taking away funding for nutrition programs, and by taking actions that hurt working families in need.  These are the same group of people that Congress says it wants to keep off of public support.  But how does this Congress support these struggling parents? By cutting vital programs and fighting efforts like this one--an effort that will help them work themselves above the poverty line.  This amendment does not eliminate jobs. It keeps people working--people who otherwise would be completely reliant on public support. Just a $1.00 raise would generate $2,000 in potential income for minimum wage workers. For an average family of four, that means 7 months of groceries, 5 months of rent, or 13 months of health care expenses.  I reached my decision to support this increase after very careful consideration. I have listened to the concerns of small business owners from across my state, who shared with me their thoughts about this increase.  I am happy to say that most of the businesses in Washington state are experiencing unprecedented growth.  In fact, since the federal minimum wage was last increased in 1996-97, employment in Washington has grown. Since September 1996, 231,900 new jobs have been created in Washington state--an increase of 9.5%. Washington's economy is strong, and our low-wage workers should share in that success.  Because my constituents understand the value of the minimum wage, they overwhelmingly passed their own minimum wage increase last year in Washington state. They raised the state minimum wage to $5.70 this year. In the year 2000, it will move to $6.50, and after that it will be indexed based on the Consumer Price Index. Mr. President, we should follow the example of my state and increase the minimum wage for all Americans.  The increase that we passed in the last Congress should be the first step--not the last--on our road to help these hard-working citizens.  It should be the first step because the economy and our world have changed--and we need to keep up with those changes. In 1979, a person could work 40 hours a week at minimum wage and stay out of poverty. Today, it takes 52 hours. To just reach the poverty line for a family of four, the minimum wage would have to be $7.89. That's why our last increase was a good start and why this proposed increase is the next vital step to helping these working families rise out of poverty.  Overall, a slight increase in the minimum wage provides those who work hard and play-by-the-rules an increased opportunity to succeed. If any of my colleagues oppose this minimum wage increase, I would ask them to consider trying to live on $10,700 this year--not just live on it--but try to raise a family on it. I think when you consider this debate in those terms, the right thing to do becomes clear.  It would be embarrassing if this Congress voted to raise its own salary but didn't vote to let hard-working American families work their way out of poverty.  I urge my colleagues to vote to increase the minimum wage. Let's show the American people that we have our priorities straight.  