 President, we have a difficult decision before us. I believe most, if not all of us, hope the states will do the right thing and spend the tobacco litigation money to stop underage smoking, reduce adult smoking, and provide critical public health services. I know I am unequivocally committed to those objectives and willtherefore support the Specter-Harkin amendment to ensure they do so.  That said, I want the states to have the greatest degree of flexibility and discretion in allocating these settlement funds to the health needs of their residents as possible. This amendment does just that. It broadly requires states to spend 20 percent of the settlement on programs to reduce the use of tobacco products, including enforcement, school education programs, and advertising campaigns. It also requires 30 percent to be spent on public health.  If we do not reduce smoking and stop at least some of the 3,000 new kids per day from smoking, the federal taxpayer will end up the loser. That is why we should have a voice in directing use of these funds. The Medicare Trust Fund is financially solvent only until 2009, so we need to do everything possible to reduce overall health care costs. If one state does not reduce the deadly impact of smoking, the federal taxpayers will foot the bill. So, all American taxpayers have a big stake in reducing smoking. They have the right to push all states to save their tax dollars by reducing health care costs.  Still, the Specter-Harkin amendment targets only a portion of settlement dollars; just that portion that could be attributed to the federal share of Medicaid. Because Medicaid is a federal-state partnership and the settlement includes claims arising out of this program, federal taxpayers have a valid claim to make in how those settlement dollars are spent.  I am proud of my home state of Washington. It has already made a commitment to public health and smoking reduction. The Specter-Harkin amendment only reinforces what my state has done. Once again Washington state is a leader on protecting public health and saving the premature death of five million of today's children. I have attached a letter I received from the Western Pacific Division of the American Cancer Society urging me to support this amendment for these very reasons, to support the ``health of our kids and our families.''  I also continue to support Senator Hutchinson's work to ensure the states receive the credit they deserve. They have scored a major victory for public health. The success of the Attorney's General in their settlement with the tobacco companies is unprecedented. I applaud them and especially Washington's Attorney General, Chris Gregoire, who has been a champion in this cause.  The federal government must not rely on the states to do all of its work for them. It is the responsibility of the federal government to recover Medicaid funds and I will urge the Administration to move forward with necessary litigation. The federal government must seek restitution from the tobacco companies for the years of lies and deception that have resulted in the premature deaths of millions of Americans. Smoking-related illnesses are still the number-one killer of Americans.  I am pleased Senators Specter and Harkin could find the appropriate balance between the rights of the states to enjoy their well-deserved settlement funds and the rights of federal taxpayers to ensure those funds are spent to protect the public health and reduce their future tax obligations under Medicare and Medicaid by reducing the cost of tobacco-related illnesses.  