 President, I am pleased to join with Senator Graham in support of access to emergency room care. During consideration of a Patients' Bill Rights in the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, I offered a similar amendment in an effort to prevent insurance companies from denying access to life saving emergency care. Unfortunately, my amendment was defeated on a straight party line vote.  I had offered the amendment because of problems that I have heard from emergency room doctors and administrators about creative ways insurance companies seek to deny access to emergency care. I offered the amendment because I have seen in my own state of Washington the inadequacy of simply saying care is provided if a prudent lay person deems it an emergency. We have a prudent lay person standard in the State yet we have seen where patients are turned away and reimbursement is denied.  The big flaw with the Republican bill regarding emergency room care is the lack of coverage of poststabilization care. This is the key different between our bill and that offered by the Republican leadership. We recognize the importance of not only administering emergency services but stabilizing the patient as well.  Let me give my colleagues an example of the important of poststabilization care; you rush your sick child to the emergency room with a fever close to 105. The fever escalates quickly and without warning. The emergency room doctors and nurses are able to control the fever and stabilize the child, but are concerned about determining the cause of the fever. They recommend poststabilization treatment to determine what caused the child to become so ill so quickly. The insurance company denies this treatment and the parents are told to take their child home and hope to get into see their own primary care physician the next day. Later that evening the child's fever escalates and the child begins to have seizures as a result. The child is then admitted to the hospital for more expensive acute care.  Why was follow-up poststabilization care not provided? What are the long-term effects on the child? Did the insurance company save a dime of thepremium paid by hard working Americans? No, in fact their callous behavior resulted in additional costs that could have been prevented.  I cannot imagine anything more frightening than holding a child who is experiencing uncontrollable seizures because their tiny body could not endure the impact of a high raging fever. Poststabilization is essential.  I urge any of my colleagues who think the Republican bill is sufficient to talk to ER doctors and nurses. Ask them how a patient is treated when brought into the ER. Let me give you another example that was discovered by the insurance commissioner's office in Washington state:  A 17-year-old victim of a beating suffered serious head injuries and was taken to an emergency room. A CAT scan ordered by an ER physician was rejected by the insurance company because there was no prior authorization for this test. In other words, we can stabilize the patient, but cannot do any post stabilization treatment to determine the extent of the injuries without seeking authorization from an insurance company hundreds of miles away.  Another example, in a state with a prudent lay person standard: The insurance commissioner's office found that an insurance company denied ER coverage for a 15-year-old child who was taken to the emergency room with a broken leg. The claim was denied by the insurer as they ruled the circumstances did not constitute an emergency. This is outrageous. A broken leg is not an emergency? By any standard, prudent lay person or medical standard, treatment of a broken leg would be considered an emergency.  I use these examples of real people and real cases to illustrate the flaws in the Republican bill. You can say you cover emergency room care and you can keep saying it hoping that it is true. But, unfortunately, the Republican bill does not provide adequate emergency room coverage.  I was disappointed in the HELP Committee markup when my amendment was defeated. I had truly hoped that we could reach a bipartisan agreement on emergency room care coverage. I had seen that we could reach a bipartisan agreement when it came to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. We approved these very same provisions for these beneficiaries during consideration of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. I had assumed that we would give the same protections to all insured Americans. It was a priority in 1997 and should be a priority in 1999.  We have spent a great deal of public and private resources to build an emergency health care and trauma care infrastructure that is the envy of the world. This infrastructure has saved millions of lives and provides a standard of care that is hard to beat. Yet policies focusing on restricting access to this care threaten the very infrastructure of which we are so proud. The ER doctor must be the one to administer care without fear of insurance company retaliation.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to provide 160 million insured Americans with access to state-of-the-art emergency room and trauma care. Please do not close the emergency room doors on these families.  