 President, I rise today to express my deep disappointment with the budget we are going to be voting on today. And while I applaud the efforts of the Republican leadership to have a budget resolution, I believe that in the haste to get something out by April, we have put together a budget that really lacks any sense of fiscal responsibility.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this conference report. This report before us fails our families and it fails our children. This is the first budget for a new century, but it does very little to prepare us for the challenges we are going to face. It ignores key investments in education, health care, environmental protection, and child care. Regrettably, it ignores our obligation to current retirees and those who will retire within the next 20 years.  Mr. President, I have listened to many of my colleagues who talk about returning the people's money to the people, and I could not agree more. We should allocate part of the surplus to saving Social Security and Medicare. Hard-working Americans have paid their FICA and Medicare payroll taxes with the understanding that when they reach the age of 65, or become disabled, they will be guaranteed Social Security benefits and Medicare. Social Security and Medicare allow the elderly independence and dignity in the years spent after a lifetime of work. We must reserve part of today's surplus to honor this commitment, and this budget does not do that.  We all know that Medicare is in real crisis. Yet, the only recommendations this budget offers are vague statements about reform. There is no talk about investing in prevention benefits that ultimately will save Medicare dollars. There is no language to improve the program so that senior citizens and the disabled can take advantage of new advances in biomedical research to improve the quality of their lives and their health. The priority of this budget before us appears to be to simply raid the Federal Treasury for an across-the-board tax cut.  We need to follow the example of working families. We have a budget surplus for the first time in decades because of tough fiscal discipline and wise economic investment. Just like families, we tightened our belt and restored fiscal soundness to the Federal Government. We should now use this surplus to save for and invest in the future. These are simple choices: Invest in our children and save for our retirement. That is the goal of most families.  I also point out to my colleagues the unfortunate fact that the conferees, in the middle of the night, behind closed doors, stripped out important language we had passed in the Senate regarding women and Social Security. Based on my reading of the conference report, it appears that my language was dropped. At the end of the report, there is a listing of all sense-of-the-Senate amendments adopted during consideration of the budget, but there is no explanation from the managers as to the status of these amendments. In addition, these amendments are clearly not part of the conference report pending before us.  Mr. President, an amendment I offered in committee and on the floor put every Senator on the record as being committed to protecting the safety net for women and making real change, to pull more older women out of poverty as we move forward with Social Security reform. My amendments were aimed at expressing our support of maintaining a guaranteed inflation-protected benefit for women and working to reform benefit calculations for Social Security. The amendment I offered on the floor made it clear that, through the process of Social Security reform, we would recognize the sacrifices women make to take care of their families.  I was proud to offer these amendments and had hoped that instead of just talking about taking care of women in the course of Social Security reform, there would be a solid, bipartisan commitment to addressing the unique economic situation faced by most women today. But it seems that, once again, the needs of women have been ignored or forgotten. With no women on the Senate Finance Committee, I wanted a strong statement from the Senate that the real interest of women who depend on Social Security would not be negotiated away. I wanted to be sure that all Members understood the changing dynamics of the workforce and the difficult choices women must make every single day.  Women make decisions in their thirties and forties for the welfare of their families, like raising children, only to find out in their sixties and seventies that this sacrifice has cost them their economic security in old age. A surviving spouse can also face a dramatic change in her standard of living immediately following the loss of her husband.  Women, on the average, give 11 and a half years of their working lives to their families. They jeopardize their long-term economic security and retirement income to meet the immediate needs of children or aging parents. A surviving spouse can see a reduction of as much as 50 percent of her Social Security income following the death of her husband. Is this the reward women deserve for caring for their families? Social Security reform gives us the chance to make things right for working women and protect their guaranteed benefit. We owe this to all families.  Unfortunately, when given the chance to assure women that their interests and real economic situation would not be forgotten, it would appear that the Republicans have now turned their backs. The failure to include my amendments will only make me work harder to educate women and to fight for women during the debate on Social Security reform.  I will not let the administration or Members of the Senate off the hook. There is no greater threat to women and families than a Social Security reform proposal that ignores the economic disadvantages still faced by working women and older women. I hope that all working women and older women are watching the debate on Social Security reform and taking note.  Mr. President, I also want to say again how disappointed I am in this budget process. When I decided to serve on the Budget Committee, I wanted to return some common sense to our fiscal policy. I wanted to bring the voice of working families to the table, and I don't think this budget passes the test. It is seriously flawed when it comes to the issue of education.  When I talk to my constituents about education and the efforts of Congress, most people are very surprised and angered to learn that less than 2 percent of overall Federal spending goes to education. They think education should be a higher priority, that we should improve and increase education spending, and so do I.  Instead, other than an increase for the Individuals with Disabilities in Education Act--an important $500 million increase that I think we all support--we will see cuts in education funding, and cuts in other important areas in social services and job training.  Even with the increase for IDEA, this budget agreement assumes $200 million in other funds--or $700 million if IDEA is included--in cuts below a freeze that would have to come from other discretionary programs in education, social services and job training.  Where will the axe fall? The Senate's budget specifically focused on subfunction 501--K-12 education. But after working with the House, this conference proposal now is silent on K-12 education as a specific subfunction. Can we then assume that our public schools will bear the burden of these cuts? Or will the cuts be in other important areas? The list is long. Will it be Head Start or national service, job training or juvenile justice, student aid or nutritional programs?  The American people in overwhelming numbers support increased funding for education. The Congress of the United States has not yet heard the message. This budget conference agreement does not place education as a high enough priority. Among other things, this budget completely ignores the pressing need to continue in the national effort to help local school districts hire 100,000 new, well-qualified teachers.  In the classroom, when students wonder why their teacher is not prepared to help them learn math and science--they can look to this budget. When they are stuck in an over-crowded classroom, they can look to this budget. When they learn that there will be less student aid this year than last year, they can look to this budget. When the American people see that fewer children are graduating with the skills they need to participate in our fast-changing economy, they can look to this budget and the short-sighted priorities of the 106th Congress.  A small bright spot in this otherwise bleak budget is the important expansion to child care funding. The Senate overwhelmingly supported the Dodd child care amendment to the budget resolution. I cosponsored that amendment, and while only part of it was retained, I think we have the beginnings of real, bipartisan progress on child care funding.  What the Senate supported yesterday in an overwhelming 66-33 vote, was a historic first step that would have increased child care funding by $12.5 billion over 10 years--nearly doubling our federal investment in quality child care.  What the Senate is being asked to support today is not the complete Dodd amendment, but with a $3 billion investment in the child care and development block grant, and $3 billion in tax incentives, we are making a good start.  Child care questions are becoming more and more pressing for more parents every day. With concerns about affordability, quality, and access--and with more low-income parents going into the workforce--the needs are changing and increasing. More child care is needed during ``off hours''--such as evenings and weekends. More child care is needed in rural settings, impacting transportation, work schedules, and the amount of licensed family child care providers.  It is vital that we make improvements for child care; the provisions of this conference agreement are a beginning to real progress.  But Mr. President, the glimmer of hope offered by the language on childcare is not enough reason to support the FY2000 Budget before us and I urge a no vote on the Conference Report. Under the unrealistic limits set under this budget, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I know we will be unable to protect the real concerns of working families. Our hands will be tied when it comes time for us to invest in important priorities like education, health care, environmental protection, agriculture, biomedical research, and early childhood development.  Mr. President, finally, I commend Senator Lautenberg for his leadership in attempting to work for real progress and for a true fiscal plan that will guide us in the new millennium. I know he shares my disappointment in this resolution. But I thank him for the tremendous amount of work and leadership he has given us on the Budget Committee as we move forward.  Thank you, Mr. President.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask that it be equally divided.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). Without objection, it is so ordered.  The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative assistant proceeded to call the roll.  