 President, I have a great deal of admiration for the Senator from Maine, Ms. Snowe, who, in my time with her over the last several years in the Senate, has worked long and hard on behalf of women's health issues. I appreciate she is offering an amendment that we offered yesterday on this side which deals with the issue of drive-through mastectomies. The language is very similar to the language offered by Senator Robb from Virginia, along with myself, Senator Mikulski, Senator Boxer, Senator Landrieu, and Senator Lincoln. It was defeated on a 52-to-48 vote yesterday.  We would have been delighted to work with our colleagues if they wanted to talk with us about a word or two about which they were concerned. We were not given that opportunity. The amendment was simply defeated.  We stand very strong on this side that we need to make changes in the health care delivery system in this country so that the woman from the State of Washington the Senator from Maine talked about is not sent home after a radical surgery, a mastectomy,to care for herself when she is unable to do so. The doctor and the woman should make the decision based on the best medical judgment, not based on the bottom line from an HMO. I agree entirely with the Senator from Maine.  Unfortunately, because it is offered in this way, what this amendment does is it gives us a Hobson's choice regarding women who have had a mastectomy because this amendment wipes out the amendment by Senator Dodd on clinical trials that we have debated for the last several hours on this floor, where we have talked about the need for women with breast cancer or ovarian cancer, or the gentleman with multiple sclerosis or the man with heart disease, or the young child with diabetes, to have access to clinical trials so they can get the best medical research possible.  Organizations such as the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, Cancer Care Incorporated, Candlelighters, Childhood Cancer Foundation, Susan G. Koman Breast Cancer Foundation, National Alliance of Breast Cancer Organizations--and the list goes on--want the access to clinical trials that Senator Dodd's amendment offers because those are the clinical trials that will assure that women, maybe, in the future, will not have to have a mastectomy.  I agree with the Senator from Maine. We want to make sure HMOs are not having drive-by mastectomies, where a woman is sent home. I commend her for the language of her amendment, except for the very first line, which cynically wipes out the clinical trials that Senator Dodd has offered.  