 President, today I join with Senators DeWine, Dodd, and Abraham to introduce a bill to reauthorize the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act. This bill sends a strong signal to American schools and communities about the importance of creating a safe learning environment in the wake of recent tragedies in Littleton, Colorado; Springfield, Oregon; Paducah, Kentucky; and Moses Lake, Washington. It serves as a reminder that we haven't forgotten these and many other tragedies, and that the Senate recognizes all communities need funding and tools to effectively reduce violence and drug use.  The hallmark of the bill is a new emphasis on accountability for results in creating safer schools and using research-proven prevention strategies. The bill reauthorizes the Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act, and authorizes funding of $875 million to local school districts that they can use flexibly to address local needs for the prevention of violence and drug use.  In exchange, schools must invest in strategies that are shown to be effective in reducing drug use, discipline problems, and school violence.  What we've learned from recent school tragedies is that this can happen anywhere in America. No school is immune from problems, so every school community must take steps to prevent them.  We know that local educators know best how to prevent these problems, whether through offering after-school programs, or working with parent groups and law enforcement to reduce gang activity, or getting young peoplemore involved in their community activities. This bill gives communities the tools to make a measurable difference--and recognizes that we won't prevent violence unless we all work together in partnership.  Our legislation is based on more than a year of conversations with local educators in Washington state and around the country. I have worked closely with Senators Dodd, DeWine, Abraham and other Senators from both sides of the aisle to assure that we find areas of agreement early, so that we can make real progress in our discussions as we move forward. The bill emphasizes results and accountability, but gives communities flexibility to get there. Recognizing that no efforts can succeed to make young people safe and drug free--inside or outside of the classroom--without all elements of the community working together. The bill assumes collaboration and communication at all levels and across all barriers.  There are several areas where this bill does not yet reflect a full vision of how we can help schools and communities prevent violence and drug use. We need to continue working on national activities, on school safety planning, on coordination, and on other areas. We need to address the concerns of other Members who have not yet participated in the debate. However, this bill is a good, bipartisan start to the discussion, and represents Senators looking for common goals--something that needs to be brought back into the larger debate on education and our public schools.  I want to thank Senators Dodd, DeWine, and Abraham and Suzanne Day from Senator Dodd's office and Paul Palagyi from Senator DeWine's office for their great work on this so far. I look forward to making continued progress in this discussion.  