 President, the amendment I have sent to the desk corrects a major flaw in the appropriations bill that is currently before the Senate.  Last year--1 year ago--in a bipartisan way, Members of the Senate, from both parties, and Members of the House, from both parties, agreed to fund an initiative called Reducing Class Size in the first, second and third grades. This is a commitment we made to hire 30,000 new teachers across the country in the early grades to make sure that these kids learn the basic skills that are so important to them as they begin their education.  We did this as a national commitment because we understand that the funds that are directly targeted to the classroom, directly to hire new teachers, directly makes a difference in children's lives, and will mean that we, as Federal partners in providing funds for education will be doing something concrete to make the education of every child in this country better off. It was a bipartisan commitment by both parties.  Unfortunately, in the bill that is currently before us, the money that was to be allocated for class size reduction has been put into something called a teacher assistance program that has not been authorized. Unless it has been authorized, the $1.2 billion will be lost. Essentially, what that means is that the newly hired 30,000 teachers who are in their classrooms--one on one, working with young students--at the end of this year will be laid off, if the current bill moves forward as we now have it in front of us.  My amendment corrects that flaw. It recommits the Senate, it recommits the Congress to doing what we said was the right thing to do a year ago, and that is reducing class sizes in first, second, and third grades.  This idea of reducing class sizes did not come from some bureaucrat in Washington, DC. It came from grassroots organizations across the country, from parents who know that if their child is in a classroom with 30 students throughout the year, they are not going to get the attention they need to have a good education.  It came from teachers who told us they were teaching in overcrowded classrooms, with young students coming to them with problems that none of us probably have experienced in our lives but who are in their classrooms, and the teachers do not have the time to deal with those problems when there are 25 or 30 students.  As professionals and as educators, they told us that what we could do that would make a difference would be to target money across the country, to add new teachers to lower class sizes which would give them the opportunity to do what they have been educated to do--to teach our young children.  This came to us from community leaders who saw the increasing occurrences of violence in youth across their communities, who are saying to us: We want you to do something that makes a difference, that is a reality, where our tax dollars can be held accountable, where we can see a real difference occur because we see too many young people who do not receive any adult attention, who are in overcrowded classrooms, in neighborhoods where no one pays attention to them. They come from families that, for many varied reasons, do not give them the attention they deserve. Reduce class sizes so there is one adult in their lives, in those early grades, who pays attention to them, works with them one on one, and makes a difference.  This idea of reducing class sizes came to us from parents and teachers and community leaders who knew that the role of the Federal Government was to be a partner with their State legislature and their local school district to do the right thing for our young students.  We did not just pull this out because we imagined it may make a difference. We knew from the studies that have been conducted that reducing class sizes in first, second, and third grades makes a difference. It makes a difference in the learning of our young children.  We knew, in fact, that students in smaller classes had significantly higher grades in English, math, and science. This came from a STAR study, a scientific study that took young kids in first, second, and third grades, put them in smaller classes, and then followed them throughout the next 10 years of their education. As they went on, these students, who had been in smaller class sizes to begin with, had significantly higher grades in English, math, and science. They were able to do what all of us want them to do, and that is to learn.  So this idea to reduce class size was backed up by science. It was because of studies similar to the STAR study that we knew that putting our Federal resources into hiring teachers was going to have an outcome that actually made a difference in the education and learning of students across this country. It is real and it is there.  This is the result of the work we did a year ago. We currently have almost 30,000 teachers now teaching in our classrooms that would not be there if we had not begun this approach a year ago. We need to make sure we follow up on that commitment.  How can anyone turn around and now say: Well, what we did a year ago was an empty promise at the end of the year. We got tied up in a budget negotiation. We did not mean it.  How do you say to the teacher that I met in Tacoma a week ago--with a class of 15 first graders as a result of what we did--that it was just an empty promise, that we did it on a whim, that we had to do it? We need to say to that teacher: We meant it then and we mean it now. We know that having 15 first graders in your classroom is going to make a difference. We agree with you as a professional, with you as a teacher, when you look me in the eye as a legislator and say: These kids are going to get an education this year.  She said to me: I want you to make sure you continue this program so it isn't just a 1-year program, that every child in the first grade in the United States of America knows that they are going to learn to read, that every parent who sends their child to a first grade classroom will have the commitment from us that we are doing something in reality that makes a difference for their classrooms.  I know that we are going to be second-degreed. I know another amendment is coming that will block grant these funds and say: Sure, this money is still going to go out to the districts, but that does not touch what parents are asking us to do, that does not touch what teachers are asking us to do.  They said: You as a Federal Government, you as our national leaders, have said that reducing class size is a priority and you are behind it. Tell us that is true, and follow through on that commitment. Don't let it get lost in the bureaucracies of block grants. Don't let it get lost in the politics that happen between where you are and where we are. Please make sure that the money stays there for our teachers.  This is a program we know works. We know that in a lot of block grants the money gets lost in administration and bureaucracy and paperwork. When we passed this legislation to reduce class size, we did it in a way that makes sure the paperwork is minimal. In fact, it is a one-page form that school districts fill out. It takes an administrator 10 minutes--no bureaucracy involved. That class-size money that we began a year ago--$1.2 billion--gets directed all the way into a classroom.  The money doesn't go to bureaucracy and paperwork. It goes to a teacher in a classroom with young kids, giving them time, one on one, to be together and to learn and to be educated.  That is what we all want. That is what is important for our country's future. That is what is going to make a difference 15 years from now when those young kids graduate. Instead of being a dropout, instead of having discipline problems, instead of not going on to college, we know from studies we have seen that these children have a much higher rate of being successful.  Our economy will be better because these children have had that kind of attention. Our education system will be finally working, and we can sit back--15 years from now, 12 years from now--and take credit for doing something that is real. If we block grant this money and send it out there, none of us can say we made a difference. We won't know. But we do know because it is something that is wanted by parents; it is wanted by teachers; it is wanted by community leaders; it is wanted by grassroots people who are in the classroom working with our young children, and it is part of what we have a responsibility to do at the Federal level.  We spend only 1.6 percent of the Federal budget on education. That is appalling. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to add a block grant fund that adds to what we have done in the past, I am all for it. I want to hear about it. I want to hear what it is targeted for. I want to hear what its purpose is. I want to know it is going to make a difference in education. I am delighted to join in that discussion.  But to rob from the Class Size Initiative to add a new program they have developed, I say that is wrong. We know the class size money we put intoeffect a year ago is in the classrooms and working. We know a year from now we can be held accountable for that. We know there are 1.7 million children today who are in a smaller class size, getting the skills they need and being taught what they need, having an adult pay attention to them and whom we won't be able to look at if this bill follows through and takes away the Class Size Reduction Initiative we began 1 year ago.  This is an important commitment. It was an important promise a year ago. It is an important promise today. I hope this Senate will step back and say we have a responsibility as Federal legislators to work with our States, to work with our local governments, to reduce class size, and we are going to ante up our part. We are going to put the resources behind our rhetoric. We are going to put $1.4 billion into class size reduction, keep those 30,000 teachers we have hired, add 8,000 new ones, and, a year from now, know we can look back and say we have made a difference--we have made a tremendous difference. We have told a lot of kids, probably more than 2 million, a year from now, if we do this right, that we care about them; that we want them to have the attention they deserve; we believe their education is important; we believe it is more important than just words and rhetoric and empty promises; we are going to live up to the commitments we have given. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment before us.  We have a number of Senators who are going to come and debate this amendment. We will be talking about this for the next several hours. I will retain the remainder of my time at this point and allow the Senator from Washington to send his amendment forward.  