 President, there was yet another tragedy in Atlanta this morning. This is one more violent act that brings America together in sorrow. We hope that it is also an opportunity to bring us together to learn some important lessons. What are people--young people especially--saying to us all when they turn to violence to address their problems?  This is an American challenge. We all have to do our part--in partnership. We must each do our job, but we must all work together. We in Congress are trying to do our part--passing bills, appropriating funds. But the Congress, like all of us, will do a better job when it really listens to the American people, and listens to young people. Every young person has the capacity to grow up to be a constructive citizen or a violent criminal. It's our job--all of us--to listen better.  When we do listen, we find two issues at the core: working in partnership, and improving the tools to help build the adult/child relationship.  How do we work together? There are many people who have answered this problem in communities all over the Nation. They abandon turf issues and special interests, they listen, and they remember that the child is at the center of the work. There are specific things we can learn in Congress from these communities--where to find the money and time and energy to get the work done together.  How do we improve the relationships and connections that young people make with adults?  It frustrates me that we cannot do some fairly obvious things--for young people, families, teachers, and communities.  What can we do for students? Why is it that we can't figure out ways of building meaningful roles for young people in their own education, and in their own community? Why is it that if you are too young to vote, you are not taken seriously or treated as a citizen? Why is that when a child's hand goes up in the classroom, that child can't get the attention he or she needs from a teacher?  We can do some simple things. We can ask young people what they think about how to prevent violence. We can reduce class size. We can make sure that when we hire more teachers, we have better and smaller schools in which to put them. We all have a role in making these things happen.  What can we do to better support parents and families? We all know that a strong family unit is the engine that drives our economy, and that when it works well, it is the best and cheapest prevention program out there. So why is it so difficult to improve the tools and information available to parents?  All parents want to do their best, so why is it off limits to talk about the problems with our economy, to talk about how parents spend too much time at work and not enough time with kids? Why can't we do the simplest things to make life easier for people who work harder and harder to provide for their family and spend less and less time with their kids?  We can start with something simple, like making sure parents don't suffer at work just because they want unpaid leave time to go to a school conference, or take care of an emergency at their child's day care. We should improve the Family and Medical Leave Act. Again, there are things we all can do to make these things happen.  What can we do for teachers and other educators? Why can't we give them a small enough class so they get to know each child, and can find 5 extra minutes with the child who needs the most help that day? Why do we expect our teachers to deal with every educational and social issue under the Sun, but we can't treat them as professionals?  We need to reduce class size. We need to improve teacher training. We need to improve teacher pay and professionalism. And, we need to think about one thing we can each do to act as a resource to that classroom. Is there a phone call we could make? An educational tool we could buy for the class? A day we could give to working for the passage of the school levy? There are things we all can do.  What can we do to help communities support the adult-child relationship, and build connections for young people? Why is it that we don't have more adults participating in the lives of young people? Why is it that a student can walk from home to school to the mall to the quickie-mart and back home again and feel invisible and anonymous? Why can't we allow our communities into our public school buildings at nights and on weekends?  We should expand community education opportunities, and when we offer tax incentives, they should be the right ones that help communities invest in young people. We should each make sure to smile at young people, to keep an eye on them, to set high expectations, and to give them meaningful opportunities. Again, there are things we all must do.  All over America, there is a conversation going on around the kitchen table, and on the school bus, and at the mall, and around the water-cooler. We need to listen carefully to this conversation--to what is being said and asked for, and what is not. We need to act carefully, and invest wisely. But, most importantly, each of us need to keep this conversation going--to find out what to do and do it--until we create the America we want for our children and young people. And you know one of the best, most overlooked resources for building the America we all want? The young people themselves. Let's start by listening to them.  The juvenile justice bill fails to fully address these problems. While many amendments have been adopted that focus on the right solutions, we failed to achieve support for most of those that would have focused this legislation on those things that could best solve youth violence. With that said, I will vote for the bill because I believe it has many positive provisions that combat youth violence.  The bill provides important block grants to States to assist them in their efforts to address juvenile crime. While I prefer a high percentage of these funds be required for prevention, I know my State of Washington intends to continue to invest in steering kids away from crime through proven community-based prevention programs. The bill also provides for Internet filtering and screening software that will allow parents to regulate what their children are viewing over the Internet. It also made transfers of several types of firearms to children illegal.  As I have already said, I agree with many of my colleagues who have said that there is no legislative ``quick fix'' to this terrible problem that is destroying so many young lives. The issue of youth violence involves complex and interrelated factors. From prevention programs that involve parents, teachers and communities, to strong law enforcement measures, there are many different tools we must use to attack the problem from all angles and prevent further tragedies like the one in Littleton.  We must punish those who commit crimes, but we must also do all we can to prevent crimes before they happen, to intervene before small problems grow to crisis proportions. We must give schools and law enforcement officers the tools they need to identify the warning signs that lead to juvenile violence and to let youth know that crime is not an acceptable answer.  While the bill does contain a ``prevention block grant,'' there is no guarantee the money will be used for prevention. Dollars from these grants could be used to build more prisons or increase enforcement. While these are laudable goals, without a guaranteed set-aside for prevention, a State could fail to attack youth violence before it starts. We must reach out to prevent at-risk youth from starting down a path of crime in the first place. While we were unable to secure specific amounts for prevention, I am hopeful that States will use their discretion and undertake prevention programs. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.  Some of my colleagues have offered amendments to provide resources for effective violence prevention, and I am disappointed they have not been adopted. Last week, Senator Robb offered an amendment that would have provided funds for schools and law enforcement to identify and effectively respond to juvenile violent behavior. It would have established a National Clearinghouse of School Safety Information and provided an anonymous hotline to report criminal behavior and a support line for schools and communities to call for assistance.  In addition, the Robb amendment would have provided treatment programs that identify and address the symptoms of youth violence to steer juveniles away from criminal behavior. It also would have provided authorization for afterschool programs, which have been very effective at keeping high-risk youth off the street and involved in activities that assist in their education and growth.  I am hopeful that similar legislation will be offered again and that my colleagues will reconsider and give it their support.  In addition to my disappointment at the lack of adequate resources for violence prevention, I have other concerns about this bill.  I am very concerned about the fate of our youth serving time in prisons and other detention facilities. While we must certainly punish those who have committed crimes, we must make a serious attempt at rehabilitation and not allow juveniles to turn into hardened criminals in the course of their incarceration. It is well-known that juveniles who have contact with adults in prison are further indoctrinated into a life of crime or worse, assaulted or even killed. Current requirements prohibit juveniles, whether they were tried as adult or juveniles, from being kept in any adult jail or corrections institution where they have regular contact with adult inmates.  The Hatch bill weakens that standard by allowing ``incidental'' contact and permitting construction of juvenile facilities on the same site as those for adults. Even convicted juveniles should be protected from hardened criminals. Those youth who are the most successful in a mixed juvenile-adult environment will be the ones we will least want back on the streets once they have served their time. It is my understanding that the Feinstein-Chafee amendment improved this provision, for which I am thankful, increasing protection of our children while they are in state custody.  I also feel the Hatch bill critically weakens measures to address disproportionate minority confinement. The legislation replaces references to ``minority'' or ``race'' with the vague phrase ``segments of the juvenile population.'' Further, the Hatch bill is less instructive on what must be done to address the problem of discrimination, essentially making the issue a mere concern rather than a problem we must correct. This is the wrong direction to be heading if we truly seek to achieve fair and unbiased treatment of all people within the judicial system. An amendment to correct this problem was defeated.  The Hatch bill also contains very troublesome provisions to allow the prosecution of children as young as 14 as adults, and gives prosecutors--not judges--the discretion to try a juvenile as an adult. Judges make judgments; prosecutors prosecute. It is obvious who is better qualified to render an unbiased decision on whether a 14-year-old should be considered an adult.  There is another idea missing from this bill. To solve youth violence we must all talk to the true experts: young people themselves. We need to listen to more than the student body presidents and the class valedictorians. We need to hear from ``regular'' kids.  I know that I have learned a tremendous amount from doing that. Two weeks ago, I met with 10th graders in Kent, WA who told me some shockingthings. They said that nearly all of them knew where they could get a gun within a day. That is a sad statement abut the lives of our youth. They are afraid and they are thinking about how to defend themselves with a gun.  In the end, we were able, through the Lautenberg amendment on gun shows, to close one of the more glaring loopholes that allow young people and children to get guns. After much flip-flop on the issue by Republicans, a handful of their courageous Members lent enough support to this amendment by Senator Lautenberg to close some of these guns show loopholes, but this was not until they had tried two amendments of substance on the issue. Furthermore, it took the Vice President of the United States, acting in his role as the President of the Senate, to cast the final vote to break the tie that will help keep kids and guns separate.  Overall, S. 254 does much to tackle the tough questions surrounding juvenile justice. But as I have stated, there are a number of ways we could have improved this bill. We need to focus on preventive measures that bring together parents, kids, counselors and teachers; provide resources to enable people to identify and intervene in potentially dangerous situations; and give law enforcement the tools it needs to deal with the symptoms of youth violence not just the results of the violence.  I hope in the future we can pass legislation that will address the remaining problems and can come up with even better solutions. We owe that much to our children.  