 President, the Senate is focused on many important issues this week, including youth violence, the important Y2K issue, emergency appropriations for our Nation's farmers, victims of Hurricane Mitch, and funding NATO's efforts in the Balkans. These are all very timely and important debates, and I look forward to joining my colleagues in discussing these important issues.  For a moment, though, I would really like to focus the Senate on the recent accidental bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade and on the U.S.-China relationship.  The bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade cannot be trivialized. As President Clinton has repeatedly expressed, the U.S. and NATO accepts full responsibility for this terrible mistake. We all extend our apologies to the Chinese people and the families of those who were killed and injured.  I am prepared to accept that this unfortunate accident caused a lot of anger among the Chinese Government and the Chinese people. That is to be expected. Certainly our country would be outraged and saddened if our embassy had been bombed under such circumstances.  But our regret and apologies to the Chinese people do not diminish the fact that we cannot accept the deliberate harassment of U.S. citizens and destruction of U.S. property in China. The reports from China--the television images of our embassy targeted by orchestrated mobs--troubled me a great deal.  Americans are dismayed at the growing animosity of the Chinese people towards the United States. For the U.S.-China relationship to succeed, both countries must take strides to ensure that the presentation of the relationship is balanced and fair. Clearly, this did not happen in the days before or after the tragic embassy bombing.  I am heartened that things do seem to have calmed down throughout China. It is encouraging that President Clinton and President Jiang have spoken and resumed high-level discussions over the bombing and other important U.S.-China issues.  Some of my colleagues have mentioned the phenomenal work of our Ambassador in China, Jim Sasser, who is our former Senate colleague and a close friend. He has served our country with great honor. I commend him and all of our embassy and consulate officers who are serving in China.  Ambassador Sasser has given us great insight as he addressed the tragic bombing of the Chinese Embassy and the demonstrations and violence that followed in Beijing and other Chinese cities.  Let me share a few of Ambassador Sasser's comments with my colleagues as I do believe they serve as a reminder that the U.S.-China relationship is, in my opinion, one of our most difficult and most important relationships.  Ambassador Sasser said,       When all the emotion has drained out of this terrible      tragedy, then wiser heads in both China and the United States      are going to realize it's in both countries' interest to try      and resume constructive ties. . . . When we are all through      grieving over this very tragic event that occurred, the      United States will still be the economic superpower in the      world and China will still be the most populous nation in the      world and an emerging power in this region.  Once again, our former colleague has offered wise counsel to the Senate that will be very important to future China debates.  The unfortunate Embassy bombing should not be used by those in China as a justification for severing or postponing ties with the U.S. Nor should China think that this incident will lessen America's resolve as we address the issues of human rights, weapons proliferation, or the issues related to espionage targeted at U.S. nuclear facilities.  One of my hometown papers offered the following in an editorial last week, the editorial reads, ``China is furious and rightly so. The test, however, is whether China plays the incident like the country it wants to be, a world leader that sees events and relationships in a larger context.'' I completely agree and I believe that many in Congress will judge China's ability to play a larger role on the international scene by her handling of this temporary crisis in the relationship with the U.S.  The United States, and particularly the Congress, must also demonstrate our commitment to responsible global leadership. We should be cautious as last week's unfortunate events enter the contentious political debates over U.S.-China relations. I continue to believe a mature and stable relationship with China is in our national interest. It is not a goal we should be prepared to abandon. A mature and stable relationship is certainly in the best interest of the American and Chinese people. Though progress toward this goal has been hampered by the events of this last week, it is still a goal we should strive for. We must continue our dialogue with China.  China should expect continued U.S. interest and in fact, vigilance, on the variety of issues important to the U.S. government and the American people. There will not be widespread concessions granted by the United States. The Embassy bombing was a tragic mistake, not a propaganda tool to be deployed at the bargaining table.  Consistent with admitting the mistake and accepting responsibility, the United States and NATO should be prepared to enter into talks with China about appropriate compensation for individual and government losses. This is not unprecedented. In the late 1980's, Iraq paid compensation to the families of U.S. sailors killed in the accidental bombing of the U.S.S. Stark during the Iran-Iraq war. Following the downing of an Iranian passenger plane, the United States offered to compensate the victims families. And the U.S. is now in the midst of paying compensation for property damage and to the victims' families for last year's cable car accident in Italy.  The U.S. and China both stand to gain by closer relations. China has become one of our largest trading partners, creating high-wage jobs for thousands of American families and opening markets for American businesses that depend on overseas trade. While trade is the foundation of the U.S.-China relationship, my home state of Washington's relationship with China clearly illustrates the promise of broader ties between Americans and the Chinese people. Washington's many cultural, educational and commercial ties are fostering dramatic change in China; change led by and on behalf of the Chinese people.  With the recent visit to the United States by Chinese Premier Zhu Rongi and the ongoing negotiations between our two governments, the U.S. and China are poised to reach a truly historic agreement, paving the way for China's entry into the World Trade Organization this year. I support China's entry into the WTO on commercially viable terms and I encourage the United States Trade Representative and her Chinese counterparts to resume negotiations at the earliest opportunity.  Because of the importance of the U.S.-China relationship, I believe a high-level U.S. delegation to China, headed by Secretary of Defense William Cohen, is warranted as soon as possible. I realize the difficulties of sending the Secretary of Defense half way around the world while the U.S. is prosecuting military action in the Balkans. But the U.S.-China relationship is so important, and we have been struggling with so many difficult issues within the context of that relationship, that I believe the maximum effort must be made to provide the Chinese leadership with a full and complete understanding of the accidental bombing of their embassy. I know that Secretary Cohen is well respected by the Chinese, and a trip by the Secretary to China would have the dual purpose of stressing to the Chinese the great importance we place on having a mature and stable relationship and underscoring the accidental nature of the Embassy bombing.  Much progress has been made on the U.S.-China relationship in recent years. The Zhu Rongi visit was important. This followed two Presidential Summits in Washington and Beijing. It is my hope that the recent tragic events do not derail the progress made toward building a strong and comprehensive U.S.-China relationship, based on trust and mutual understanding. The relationship can only exist if both governments and both peoples can deal with each other honestly and forthrightly. Now is the time to address the issues standing in the way of accomplishing this. Now is the time to move forward.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  