 President, I hope we can work out an agreement, but I rise today really to express my frustration and outrage with the inability of the Republican leadership to allow a fair and open debate on the real Patients' Bill of Rights.  I do not like the idea of tying up must-do appropriations bills to try and force a fair and open debate on access to health care services. However, due to the inability to find a reasonable compromise on the number of amendments, we have been forced to bring this issue to every possible vehicle.  I hope we can work out an arrangement with the majority party to do this and to have our opportunity to offer amendments that we think are very important.  Sometimes we spend far too much time on issues of little significance to the American people. One of the majority's showcase pieces of legislation in 1999 was to change the name of National Airport to the Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. We spent more time talking about the name change than we have on debating the Patients' Bill of Rights.  When it comes to access to emergency room treatment, or access to experimental lifesaving treatments, we cannot seem to find 3 days for its consideration on the Senate floor. This is the kind of legislation that really does impact American working families. I would argue that it deserves a full and open debate on the Senate floor, allowing us to offer our amendments.  The Republican reform legislation reported out of the HELP Committee is not--and let me repeat, is not--a patients' bill of rights. Oddly enough, it excludes most insured Americans and, in many cases, simply reiterates current insurance policy. It does not provide the kinds of protections and guarantees which will ensure that when you need your insurance, it is there for you and your family.  Let's face it. Most people do not even think about their health insurance until they become sick. Certainly, insurance companies do not notify them every week or month, when collecting their premiums, that there are many services and benefits they do not have access to. It is amazing how accurate insurance companies can be in collecting premiums, but when it comes time to access benefits, it becomes a huge bureaucracy with little or no accountability.  The Republican leadership bill is inadequate in many areas. Let me point out a couple of the major holes that I see in this legislation.  During markup of this legislation in the HELP Committee, I offered two important amendments. The first one was a very short and simple amendment to prohibit so-called drive-through mastectomies.  My amendment would have prohibited insurance companies from requiring doctors to perform major breast cancer surgery in an outpatient setting and discharging the woman within hours. We saw this happen before when insurance companies decided it was not medically necessary for a woman to stay more than 12 hours in a hospital following the birth of a child. They said there was no need for followup for the newborn infant beyond 12 hours. There was no understanding of the effects of childbirth on a woman and no role for the woman or physician to determine what is medically necessary for both the new mother and the new infant.  I offered the drive-through mastectomy prohibition amendment only because an amendment offered earlier in that markup would continue the practice of allowing insurance personnel to determine what was medically necessary--not doctors, not patients, but insurance companies. I offered my amendment to ensure that no insurance company would be allowed to engage in drive-through mastectomies.  My amendment did not require a mandatory hospital stay. It did not set the number of days or hours. It simply said that only the doctor and the patient would be able to determine if a hospital stay was medically necessary. The woman who had suffered the shock of the diagnosis of breast cancer, the woman who was told the mastectomy was the only choice, the woman who faced this life-altering surgery, decides, along with her doctor.  Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side did not feel comfortable giving the decision to the woman and her doctor. They did not like legislating by body part; and neither do I. But I could not sit by and be silent on this issue. Defeating the medically necessary amendment, offered prior to my amendment, forced me to legislate by body part. And I will do it again to ensure that women facing a mastectomy are not sent home prematurely to deal with both the physical and emotional aftershocks.  For many years, I have listened to many of my colleagues talk about breast cancer and breast cancer research or breast cancer stamps. When it comes to really helping breast cancer survivors, some of my Republican colleagues voted no. I hope we are able to correct this and give all of my colleagues, not just those on the HELP Committee, the chance to vote yes.  The other amendment I offered in committee addressed the issue of emergency room coverage. The Republican legislation falls short of ensuring that when you have a sick child with a very high fever, and you rush them to the emergency room in the middle of the night, the child will receive emergency care as well as poststabilization care. The Republican bill simply adopts a prudent layperson standard on emergency care, not care beyond the emergency.  That means that a child with a fever of over 104 degrees may not receive the full scope of care necessary to determine what caused the fever to prevent the escalation of a fever once the child has been stabilized. As many parents know, simply controlling the fever is not enough; you have to control the virus or infection to prevent the fever from escalating again.  I tried in committee to address the inequities in the Republican bill regarding emergency room coverage. Unfortunately, my amendment was defeated. Let me point out to my colleagues, if they think their language will protect individuals seeking emergency care, they are sadly mistaken.  The insurance commissioner's office in my home State of Washington recently initiated a major investigation of insurance companies that had denied ER coverage based on a prudent layperson's standard. The commissioner's office discovered that despite aState regulation requiring a prudent layperson standard, there were numerous examples of individuals being denied appropriate care in the emergency room.  In Washington State, a 15-year-old girl with a broken leg was taken by her parents to a hospital emergency room. The claim was denied by the family's insurer, which ruled that the circumstances did not constitute an emergency.  A 17-year-old victim of a beating suffered serious head injuries and was taken to an ER. A CAT scan ordered by the ER physician was rejected by the insurer because there was no prior authorization. This 17-year-old child was stabilized, but the physician knew that only through a CAT scan would they know the full extent of the child's injuries. Yet the insurance company denied payment because they had not approved the procedure. They obviously did not think that a CAT scan was part of ER care.  These are examples of gross misconduct by insurance companies in the State of Washington that are supposed to meet the same standard that is included in the Republican bill. As the insurance commissioner learned, a prudent layperson standard still allows for a loophole large enough to drive a truck through.  I also want to remind many of my colleagues who support doubling research at NIH that we are facing a situation where we have all of this great research we are funding, and yet we allow insurance companies to deny access. Yesterday we heard testimony at the Labor-HHS Subcommittee hearing about juvenile diabetes. It was an inspiring hearing. We had more than 100 children and several celebrities testify. Yet as I sat there listening to the testimony from NIH about the need to increase funding for research and how close we are to finding a cure, I was struck by the fact that the Republican leadership bill would allow the continued practice of denying access to clinical trials, access to new experimental drugs and treatments, access to specialties, and access to specialty care provided at NCI cancer centers.  It does little good to increase research or to find a cure for diabetes or Parkinson's disease if very few people in this country can afford the cure or are denied access to that cure. We need to continue our focus on research, but we cannot simply ignore the issue of access.  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting a real Patients' Bill of Rights that puts the decision of health care back into the hands of the consumer and their physician, that doesn't dismantle managed care but ensures that insurance companies manage care, not profits.  I don't want to increase the cost of health care. I simply want to make sure people get what they pay for, that they have the same access to care that we, as Members of the Senate, enjoy as we participate in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program. The President has made sure we have patient protections. Our constituents deserve no less.  I thank the Chair.  