 President, I thank my colleague from Illinois for his work this morning, with our leader Senator Tom Daschle, in setting out the Democratic priorities that are so important to us and to the American people.  Having just returned from a very short weekend in my State, 2,500 miles away, it is clear that the American people are waiting anxiously to hear what the 106th Congress is planning to do regarding the business of the people. At the top of the list of people's concerns is the education of our young people.  Today, as you heard from our leader, we are presenting a comprehensive set of investments in America's public schools--school construction, before-and-after school care, improvements in teacher quality and class-size reduction.  In the fall of 1998, the U.S. Senate took the first important step on the path to reducing class size. In the fall of 1999, just a few months from now, when parents send their children off to school, they will ask them on the first day, as they always do: ``Who is your teacher? And how many children are in your class?"  But the schools those children attend next fall will have a new tool for helping students learn. Approximately 30,000 new, well-prepared teachers will go into classrooms across this country. Demonstrating that Capitol Hill can listen to the people and get things done, we got the 105th Congress to agree to starting on this important path.  This year, we must finish the job we started last fall. We must provide schools the remainder of the funding necessary to hire 100,000 new and well-trained teachers over the next 6 years. This year, our work will include the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the major law that governs K-12 education in this country.  As part of our work, we must authorize the class-size reduction effort we started last year in appropriations. We must finish the job for the people in local school communities who are relying on us to do our job.  People in schools across this Nation are fully engaged in the debate over educational quality and in identifying what works to improve learning for students. Local education leaders know that reducing class size is an effective part of local school improvement.  Research shows that it works and so does the experience of teachers and parents and students. Policymakers and educators know that as they reduce class size, they can also improve the quality of their local teacher pool by improving professional development, training, certification and recruitment.  Local communities are using the Federal class size and teacher quality effort as a way to beef up their own investment in the future of their young people. School boards are taking action. Governors and State legislators are proposing class-size investments this year based on our successful effort last year.  All of these people are moving ahead with class-size reduction, because last year their representatives in Washington, DC, finally heard the call for funding for more and better teachers. They are counting on continued funding, and we have come back this year to get it for them. I just want to take this opportunity to tell people directly--we intend to keep class-size reduction a national priority.  The proposal in the bill that was outlined by our Democratic leader today, and in a bill I will be introducing separately, honors the agreement that we achieved last year. It requires no new forms and no red tape. It focuses on hiring new teachers, but it also makes investments in teacher quality from the onset, and it allows districts that meet their goals of getting to 18 or fewer students in classes in grades 1 through 3 to use the money to improve class size in other grades or to take other steps to improve the quality of their teaching pool.  I can't tell you how many times I have heard from people since the end of last Congress, how thankful they were that their Congress started this important investment in class-size reduction. Students learn better when they get the help they need in their classroom. I have been hearing it from students themselves. They want to thank us for doing the right thing, and they want us to keep it up.  Mr. President, education really matters. This year, we have the country behind us and several major opportunities to seriously improve American schools to meet American expectations. But it will take a lot of hard work and courage to get there. We need all our school laws to work better for local communities, for our teachers and staff, for parents and families, and most importantly, for our students. We must keep in mind that the students are our real clients and organize our work around their needs and not ours.  We need better flexibility, better accountability, better efficiency and better funding. We need to make some important investments in the nuts and bolts of providing education, class-size reduction, better facilities, better training for teachers and more opportunities for students to be safe and to learn. These investments cost money, and we just need to make it happen.  We also need better leadership and vision and articulation of why we are all working so hard--so that students learn better and faster and have more hope for the future.  As a former school board member, I can tell you that sometimes the decisions are not about money, they are about finding the best way to do things so students can learn. And we need to support those decisions as well.  A great example of this was our superintendent, John Stanford, of the Seattle school district. Superintendent Stanford, who died this year after a heroic battle with cancer, showed people in Seattle and around the Nation just what we can accomplish in our schools by setting the right tone, asking for the best effort possible, and not accepting less. Many adults in a community know the superintendent of their district, but never have I seen so many students, young children who knew that John Stanford was their superintendent and that he wanted desperately and personally for them to succeed and they responded.  You will see elements of all these ideas today that address all of these issues--clear vision, more flexibility, better accountability, increased efficiency and improved funding. You will see here what America is asking for its public schools: We need to set high standards, articulate a vision, and give people the support and backing they need to get the job done. When these bills pass into law, you will see American schools that work better, for better results, for all of our children.  I look forward to working with my colleagues and the American people to take these important steps for better schools across our land. As well, I thank our leader for speaking to legislation that he will introduce shortly on health care reform, retirement security, afterschool programs and more. These are the issues the American public wants us to address and work on, and I look forward to working with all of my colleagues to meet these challenges. I hope we can make progress this year and make a difference in the quality of life in all of the families in this country. Thank you, Mr. President.  