 President, I rise today to express my frustration and outrage with the inability of the Republican leadership to allow a fair and open debate on a real Patients' Bill of Rights. I do not like the idea of tying up must do appropriations bills to try and force a fair and open debate on access to health care services. However, due to the inability to find a reasonable compromise on the number of amendments, we have been forced to bring this issue to every possible vehicle.  There are many things we do here that simply do not have the impact we seem to think they do. We spend more time debating a constitutional amendment to balance the budget instead of simply doing the hard work to balance the budget. We proved that despite weeks of debate all we needed to do was make the tough choices and balance the budget. Yet when it comes to something like access to emergency room treatment or access to experimental life saving treatments, we can't find three days on the Senate floor. This is the kind of legislation that really does impact American working families. I would argue that it deserves a full and open debate on the Senate floor.  The pending amendment before us is not, and let me repeat, is not a Patient Bill of Rights. Oddly enough it excludes most insured Americans and in many cases, simply reiterates current insurance policy. It does not provide the kind of protections and guarantees that will ensure that when you need your insurance it is there for you and your families. Let's face it, most people do not even think about their health insurance until they become sick. Certainly insurance companies do not notify them every week or month when collecting their premiums that there are many services and benefits that they do not have access to. It is amazing how accurate insurance companies can be in collecting premiums, but when it comes time to access benefits it becomes a huge bureaucracy with little or no accountability.  The Republican leadership bill is inadequate in many areas. Let me point out one major hole in this legislation. During markup of this amendment in the HELP Committee I offered a very short and simple amendment to prohibit so-called ``drive through mastectomies.'' My amendment would have prohibited insurance companies from requiring doctors to perform major breast cancer surgery in an out patient setting and discharging the woman within hours. We saw this happen when insurance companies decided that there was no medical necessity for a woman to stay more than 12 hours in a hospital following the birth of a child. They said there was no need for follow up for the newborn infant beyond 12 hours. There was no understanding of the effects of child birth on a woman and no role for the woman or physician to determine what is medically necessary for both the new mother and new born infant.  I offered the drive through mastectomy prohibition amendment only because an amendment offered earlier in the markup would continue the practice of allowing insurance personnel to determine what was medically necessary. Not doctors or patients, but insurance company bean counters. I offered my amendment to ensure that no insurance company would be allowed to engage in drive through mastectomies. My amendment did not require a mandatory hospital stay. It did not set the number of days or hours. It simply said that only the doctor and patient would be able to determine if a hospital stay was medically necessary. The woman who suffered the shock of the diagnosis of breast cancer; the woman who was told a mastectomy was the only choice; the woman who faced this life altering surgery. She decides.  Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side did not feel comfortable giving the decision to the woman and her doctor. They did not like legislating by body part. Neither do I. But I could not sit by and be silent on this issue. Defeating the medically necessary amendment offered prior to my amendment, forced me to legislate by body part. I would do it again to ensure that women facing a mastectomy are not sent home to deal with the physical and emotional after shocks.  For many years I have listened to many of my colleagues talk about breast cancer and breast cancer research or a breast cancer stamp. When it sometimes to really helping breast cancer survivors, some of my Republican colleagues vote ``no.'' I hope we are able to correct this and give all of my colleagues, not just those on the HELP Committee the chance to vote ``yes.''  I also want to remind many of my colleagues who support doubling research at NIH, that we are facing a situation where we have all this great research and yet we allow insurance companies to deny access. Today we heard testimony at the Labor, HHS Subcommittee hearing about juvenile diabetes. It was an inspiring hearing with over 100 children and several celebrities. Yet as I sat there listening to testimony from NIH about the need to increase funding and how close we are to finding a cure, I was struck by the fact that the Republican leadership bill would allow the continued practice of denying access to clinical trials, access to new experimental drugs and treatments, access to specialities and access to speciality care provided at NIH cancer centers.  It does little good to increase research or to find a cure for diabetes or Parkinsons disease if very few can afford the cure or are denied access to the cure. We need to continue our focus on research, but cannot simply ignore the issue of access.  I urge my colleagues to join with me in supporting a real Patient's Bill of Rights that puts the decision on health care back into the hands of the consumer and the physician. It does not dismantle managed care. But it ensures that insurance companies managed care, not profits.  I do not want to increase the cost of health care costs, I simply want to make sure that people get what they pay for. That they have the same access to cure that we as Members of the Senate enjoy as we participate in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan. The President has made sure that we have patient protections. Our constituents deserve no less.  