 President, as the Senate finally concludes its work for the legislative year, I want to outline my position on a few of the final issues. Unfortunately, I needed to travel back to Washington state to attend the funeral of my good friend and mentor, Pat McMullen, and missed three votes.  Before leaving, I voted in favor of the ``motion to proceed'' to the omnibus appropriations bill, which also included fixes to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and the tax extenders package. With that vote, I registered my support for this important funding and corrections bill. I also would have voted in favor of the Work Incentives Act.  First, I would like to address just some important provisions in the omnibus appropriations bill. There are many things that we do here that have little direct impact on the lives of real people and real families. However, this legislation is one of those times when we act to provide real help and real hope to working families, children and our senior citizens.  The package that we are about to enact, provides an additional $2 billioninvestment in the National Institutes of Health (NIH). There are few people in this country who are not touched in some way by the research supported by NIH. An additional $2 billion keeps us on track to doubling our investment in medical research. Research that saves lives and prevents human suffering. Our investment has already brought us closer to finding a cure for devastating diseases like Parkinson's, leukemia, heart disease, and breast cancer. We must continue this commitment as this investment is about saving dollars and lives. The impact on Washington state is also significant. I am proud of the fact that Washington state is one of the top recipients of NIH grants. The outstanding research being conducted at research institutions like the University of Washington and the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center are known throughout the world. We are truly a world leader in medical research.  This appropriations package will also provide additional resources to improve access to quality health care for the uninsured and the most vulnerable. The additional funding for the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and the additional $100 million provided for Community Health and Migrant Health Care Centers provide a critical health care safety net for those working families who simply cannot afford insurance. There are more than 80 clinics in Washington state providing quality, affordable health care services who will be able to expand and meet the growing needs of the uninsured populations.  I am pleased we have been successful in providing, for the first time, a direct appropriation to support poison control efforts and education and training for Children's Hospitals. I have been a long time proponent of these efforts and recognize the importance of this investment in our children.  Overall, this appropriations package includes a $34.5 billion investment in health care programs. This investment will strengthen the public health infrastructure, provide essential prevention and treatment services to individuals with mental illness and ensure that our senior citizens are not forgotten. The additional $45 million provided to support Older Americans Act programs ensures that we can honor our commitment to our nation's elderly by providing important services like nutritional assistance, employment training, respite care, in-home care, and abuse prevention.  In addition, as part of this appropriations bill, we have succeeded in saving quality health care for millions of Medicare beneficiaries. The corrections to the Balanced Budget Act address the unintended consequences of the reductions called for in 1997. Then, we anticipated a total of $100 billion over five years to ensure Medicare's solvency. Unfortunately, our estimates have proven incorrect and we were facing well over $200 billion in reductions which are impacting quality care for millions of seniors and the disabled. The BBA97 corrections provide additional resources for home health care, skilled nursing facilities, nursing homes, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, teaching hospitals like the University of Washington, community health care centers, rehabilitation services, and health maintenance organizations. This one time correction will prevent the closing of facilities or home health care agencies and does not jeopardize our goal of solvency for the Medicare Trust Fund. I know from my own health care providers and my own hospitals what this fix means. I also know that without it, rural health care was in real jeopardy. I told my constituents that I would not leave for the year until we acted to address the looming crisis. This has been accomplished in a bipartisan and comprehensive manner.  I would also like to address the tax extenders package included in this bill. I generally support the tax extenders package. It includes the expansion of some tax credits that I have strongly supported over the years. First, the research and experimentation tax credit represents a critical investment for our nation. If we are to continue creating more and higher-paying jobs for American workers, we must encourage the business community to invest in research and development. This bill does just that. I have cosponsored two bills to make the R tax credit permanent, so I look forward to working with my colleagues to make that happen.  I am also pleased this legislation includes extensions of the Welfare-to-Work Tax Credit and the Work Opportunity Tax Credit, which help us move toward our goal of ensuring that all Americans benefit from the new economy.  This extenders package also includes an extension of employer provided educational assistance. I am disappointed the package does not include compensation for graduate school assistance. I believe this commission is short-sighted. At a time when the American economy is so rapidly changing, we need to ensure that our workforce is able to meet the demands of the new economy.  Our tax code should also reflect our commitment to cleaner energy. While this package extends the wind and biomass tax credit, it does not expand the definition of biomass to include open loop biomass. Meanwhile, it expands the code to include incentives for the production of energy from chicken waste. I have no doubt that some of my colleagues are trying to address legitimate animal waste issues in their states. However, if the code is to be expanded, it should be expanded to include open loop biomass. If Congress considers major tax legislation next year, this should be a top priority.  While the efforts I have mentioned above help businesses and the poor, the bill also helps middle class Americans. In 1997, we passed important non-refundable tax credits, like the child tax credit, that have greatly benefitted the middle class. This legislation will ensure families can continue to use these credits without being affected by the alternative minimum tax.  Finally, the Senate passed another piece of important legislation today: the Work Incentives Act. The WIA bill rewards those disabled individuals who want to go back to work but face the prospect of falling off the so called ``health care cliff.'' We have been successful in treating many illnesses and injuries that once permanently disabled workers. They may not be cured but can be productive. Unfortunately, if they do try and return to work they lose their link to life, their health insurance. This legislation, of which I am proud to have been an original cosponsor, will allow workers to return to work and continue to receive Medicare. It will also allow many to buy-in to Medicaid. This legislation is not just about giving people the chance to return to some kind of productive life. It is about saving precious dollars as well. Workers who give up their Social Security disability payments to go back to work will be paying taxes and contributing to the Social Security and Medicare Trust Fund. This is a win-win for all of us. It is also the kind of policy that simply makes sense. People should not be penalized for trying to go back to work.  Mr. President, I have voted in support of the motion to proceed to this omnibus appropriations, B.B.A. of '97, and tax extenders package. I am particularly pleased we have been able to secure yet another year of commitment to our children by helping reduce class sizes in the early grades. I will be working hard to ensure this important program is authorized in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act next year. I must also note extreme disappointment in the decision to pit United Nations dues against women's reproductive health care. I remain committed to family planning throughout the world and will be working with the administration to ensure the United States continues to lead the way in protecting women's health, including our reproductive health.  