 I join my colleagues in wishing him well on his retirement and thank him for the work he has done for so many people throughout his career.  Mr. President, I rise today to express my strong opposition to the pending fiscal year 2000 budget resolution that is before us here today and my deep concern and disappointment with the priorities that have been laid out in this budget. I remind my colleagues that budgets are not about today; they are about tomorrow. Failure to establish a framework for Federal spending that focuses on the future is a serious mistake.  Last week during the consideration of the resolution in the Budget Committee, I was really amazed at our lack of focus on investing in our future and our complete disregard for the impact of the decisions we were making on hard-working families. The mistake that we all made during committee consideration was our failure to put a human face on our discussions. We simply lost sight of the human and social costs of our decisions.  The focus of this budget that is before us and the focus of the debate in committee seemed to be based solely on politically expedient tax cuts. There was no discussion on extending the solvency of Social Security or Medicare and what our failure to address these issues will mean for working families. There was no attempt to address the shortfalls in our investment in public education, our public health, environment, veterans health care, child care, food safety, Older Americans Act, Medicare, Medicaid. These are not just spending programs, these are investments in our quality of life and in our future economic security.  When we talk about education, a lot of the talk we hear on the floor is jargon--jargon--about flexibility and block grants and Federal mandates. No one talks about walking into a classroom of 40 young children and looking into their faces as they struggle to learn. I cannot say strongly enough, there are human costs to the decisions that we are making in this budget.  I have talked to children our decisions affect. I have talked to their teachers and their parents. I know they are not interested in political double-talk. What they want to know is, What are we doing to prepare them for the challenges of the next century? What are we doing to invest in our young children so that they have the ability to get a job when they graduate? Are we addressing the huge class sizes that our children face every day and their inability to learn math and reading and science? Are we addressing the issue of the crumbling schools that many of our children go to every day? Are we addressing the fact that our teachers need to be educated and trained to be able to teach the skills that we require of them today?  That is what parents and students and communities and business leaders are looking for in this budget. That is what we have failed to address.  I see the same lack of focus in dealing with Medicare. I am glad there is a bipartisan agreement to protect the Social Security trust fund. That one step alone will do a lot to restore integrity to the program and return confidence to the Social Security system. However, I am very troubled by the lack of commitment to Medicare.  In reviewing the committee's report to accommodate the resolution, the priority appears to be one thing, and that is tax cuts. The resolution assumes tax cuts totaling almost $700 billion over 10 years but very little mention of how we are going to invest the surplus in providing equal, affordable health care for our Nation's senior citizens. Again, this resolution places a higher priority on compensation as opposed to investment.  I want to know how we are going to explain to an 83-year-old widow that Congress has decided that a tax cut is more important than providing her with quality, affordable health care.  The fastest growing segment of our population living in poverty is those over the age of 65. All of the investments we have made, from Social Security to Medicare to the Older Americans Act, that have ensured a quality standard of living for those over 65, are jeopardized by a simple fact, and that simple fact is that the population over 65 is increasing faster than we are ready for. We have an opportunity, with the surplus in front of us, to invest a portion of that into Medicare in order to extend the solvency without making devastating and dangerous cuts.  Reform of Medicare must be carefully considered and executed. We cannot change the program overnight without harmful implications. The budget resolution we are dealing with here today fails to address the immediate and long-term problems of Medicare, and, once again, there is no discussion of the human cost of the decisions we are making.  I have spoken with that 83-year-old widow who sometimes has to choose between hundreds of dollars a year in prescription drugs and food. How do I explain that, under this, she could face an additional $2,498 a year in Medicare premiums? How do you justify increasing the burden on individuals whose average income is slightly less than $13,000 a year?  I ask my colleagues to stop and reconsider their priorities. I have heard some of my colleagues talking about the need to return the ``people's money'' to the people. Well, I agree. Families have worked hard and paid their taxes with the belief that Medicare would provide for their parents as well as themselves when they retire. Medicare allows the elderly independence and dignity in the final years of their lives. I believe investing the surplus into Medicare is returning the people's money to the people.  As I stated earlier, I am pleased that there is a bipartisan commitment to save the Social Security trust fund surplus. This will allow greater flexibility in reforming the system and improving current benefits. And I was pleased with the bipartisan support for the amendment I offered in committee regarding the impact of Social Security reform on women.  Up until now, the only discussion about women and Social Security reform has been very vague statements about ``taking care'' of them. I believe that very few understand the unique circumstances of women who, throughout their working life and in retirement, face very different decisions and circumstances, where women tend to be out of the workforce to raise their children, or later on in life to take care of elderly parents, where women earn, on the average, 75 cents on the dollar of what men do; when we look at Social Security reform and realize right now that Social Security is based on the top 35 years of income, and for many women who do not work 35 years, their income is averaged by adding a number of zeros into that calculation because they have not worked those years.  We have to use this opportunity to make sure that how these decisions are made does not negatively impact women. It is actually this lack of understanding of women in the workforce that has resulted in many more women who are living in poverty today after the age of 65. Single older women are more than twice as likely as men to face poverty today.  The bipartisan support of my amendment in committee has encouraged me to offer an amendment to the pending resolution which I hope my colleagues will again support. We have to use reform and this added financial flexibility to address the specific shortfalls in the current structure that penalize women and oftentimes leave them in poverty following the death of their spouse.  My amendment would simply illustrate the support of the Senate for using reform as a mechanism, not just at protecting the status quo but actually improving the economic security of older women. I hope that the same commitment to address the needs of women in reform prevails when I offerthis amendment in the next several days.  Finally, Mr. President, I want to caution my colleagues about the dangers we face when fiscal policy development breaks down into partisan politics. We will not be successful unless we have a bipartisan effort. I urge my colleagues to think carefully about the constituents they have met and the people who have come to them asking them for help and support. We need to stay focused on these faces and remember that the budget is not just about economic or policy decisions but about decisions with real consequences and real human costs.  I am hopeful that as this budget process continues we can redirect our efforts and shift our priorities from short-term diversions to savings and investing in the future. We have made the tough decisions that have given us a budget surplus today. Like every family, we cut back and for several years maintained strict fiscal discipline. Let's follow the example of many families and use our surplus to invest and save--not to rush out to spend on lavish vacations or luxury items. Let's use basic common sense in deciding on the priorities of the first budget of the millennium.  