 President, we are coming to the end of this debate. Everybody needs to step back and remember why we are here, and that is that 1 year ago, in a bipartisan manner, both Houses--the Senate and the House--agreed to work toward funding 100,000 new teachers in the early grades, first through third grades.  Everybody took credit a year ago. In fact, I have a copy of the Republican Policy Committee, ``Accomplishments During the 105th Congress.'' This is what they put out, and right on the second page, they take credit for the 30,000 new teachers we funded with the $1.2 billion. They take credit and say: This is one of their accomplishments. They say:       This omnibus FY 1999 funding bill provides $1.2 billion in      additional educational funds, funds controlled 100 percent at      the local level--  Despite the rhetoric you have heard today--     to recruit, hire, train, and test teachers. This provision--  They said a year ago--     is a major first step toward returning to local school      officials the ability to make the educational decisions for      our children, rather than the bureaucrats in Washington.  I did not say that; our Republican colleagues said that a year ago when they passed the $1.2 billion with us to reduce class sizes.  In the past year, we have put 30,000 new teachers into our classrooms. Why was that an initiative that we all felt was important? Because we know it makes a difference. We know that students in smaller class sizes enroll in more college-bound courses, they have higher grade point averages, they have fewer discipline problems, and they have lower drop-out rates.  The commitment we began last year is making a difference for our students,it is making a difference in our classrooms, and it will make a difference for our economy and for this country's future. It is a program that is working.  I ask my colleagues: Why have so many people opposed it today when 1 year ago they said it was a major accomplishment in turning money back to local school districts? Why are they opposing it?  Perhaps they do not want any Federal involvement in our education. I disagree. The Federal Government is a partner. They are a partner with our State and local governments, with our teachers, our students, our families. We made a commitment a year ago, and we are about to renege on that right now. If my amendment is not agreed to, and a year from now 30,000 teachers get their pink slips and we have students, 1.7 million children, who are returned to larger classrooms, everyone in this Congress will have failed to do the right thing for our children.  The Class Size Reduction Initiative was the right thing to do a year ago. Everyone said so. It is still the right thing to do today. It is a commitment we have made to the families in this country that, yes, we will live up to what their expectations are of us, that education is a priority, that we are willing to put our money behind our rhetoric.  My colleague from Washington, Senator Gorton, has offered an alternative, and I say to my Republican colleagues, if they want to introduce a new block grant program and tell us what it is, perhaps we will be willing to help them. But we are not willing to take 30,000 teachers out of our classrooms, and we are not willing to say to the families in this country that we are not with you in making sure that every child in this country, no matter who they are or where they come from, will learn. We are willing to do our part.  I urge my colleagues to support the Murray amendment and oppose the Gorton amendment and do the right thing for children and families in this country.  