 President, I rise to speak to the Labor-HHS appropriations bill that is currently on the floor. Our colleagues, Senator Harkin and Senator Specter, have done a yeoman's job of trying to put together a bill under extremely difficult circumstances for sure. They have been left with their bill until last, and every other appropriations bill has taken funds from this appropriations item. We are now left with a bill that we actually don't know how it is going to be funded. I have heard a lot of funding schemes, from taking money from defense, forward funding, a 13th month, to declaring emergencies. Basically, we are left with funding education, funding health research with money that is not real, that we don't know from where it is coming.  We don't know what budget it is coming from or whether it is actually there. So I have a great concern about the reality of the funds for the most important funding we do in this body, that of educating our children, that for health care.  Again, we are debating the appropriations bill that funds some of the most important things in the lives of families across this country. Certainly education is a top priority of every family. They have said they want us to make sure the Federal Government does its part to assure that every child, no matter who they are or where they come from, what their background is, what school they are in, gets a good education.  We have fought hard in this body on the issues that make a difference in a child's classroom. Last year, 1 year ago, this body, in a bipartisan way, with the House agreed in the final appropriations bill, the omnibus bill, to reduce class size. It is a major priority of this Congress and of this country. We appropriated $1.2 billion to reduce class sizes in first, second, and third grades. That decision was applauded across this country by parents, by teachers, by business leaders, and by communities.  Today, those teachers, nearly 30,000 of them, are teaching in our public schools. I had the opportunity last Monday to visit one of the classrooms in Tacoma School District. Tacoma School District has taken the class size funds we allocated and, in 57 first grade classrooms, they have reduced the class size to 15. I had the opportunity to sit down with those 15 children in the first grade classroom and talk to their teacher. She was ecstatic. She said, compared to a class she had worked in before with 27 children: I didn't know all of the kids. I didn't have the opportunity on a daily basis to sit down with them to find out where they were. I didn't have the opportunity as I worked with them throughout the year to make sure every child was keeping up.  She said: Today, with 15 kids in my classroom, and only 10 days of classroom time at the beginning of the year, I know where every child is. I know what their skills are. I know what they need to work on, and I can guarantee as a teacher that by the end of this year every child in my classroom will be reading, will have the basic skills, and will be able to move on to second grade ready to learn.  That is the goal we set when we allocated those funds 1 year ago.  That is why I was so saddened to see, in the bill that comes before us, no money allocated to continue that program to reduce class size in first, second, and third grades; no money; zeroed out; no money to continue those teachers.  Essentially, this bill fires the nearly 30,000 teachers who have been hired since 1 year ago who work in our classrooms to educate our students. This is an incredible step backwards. We did agree 1 year ago that we need to focus on kids in the early grades, that we need to do what we can to make sure that they learn reading, that they learn math, that they learn those basic skills so they can be productive in the outyears.  We know from the studies that have been done that reducing class size in the first, second, and third grades works. We know students from small class sizes have enrolled in more college-bound courses such as foreign languages and advanced math and science. We know students in smaller class sizes have higher grade point averages. We know students in small classes have fewer discipline problems. We know students in small classes have lower dropout rates. It makes sense for us to continue to make sure that class sizes in first, second, and third grades are reduced, and that we continue the commitment we began 1 year ago.  Our initial commitment was $1.1 billion. We agreed that we would add $200 million to that--that is the President's request--so that we can continue to expand and hire 8,000 more teachers. But under the bill that is before us, there is no money to reduce class size. There is no commitment to continue to hire those teachers or to retain those teachers.  Essentially, the language as written in this bill says we will fire 30,000 teachers at the end of this school year. Not on my watch. Not on my watch are we going to go back on a commitment we made 1 year ago. Not on my watch are we going to send a message to young students that we no longer care about making sure they get the basic skills they need; that no longer is this Senate going to stand behind the dollars and the commitments we made 1 year ago; that no longer are we going to tell teachers they can count on us and they can count on our word when we tell them this is the commitment we are going to make to them.  I have had the opportunity to talk with many teachers around my State and around my country. These teachers have been hired. They are in our classrooms. Forty-three percent of the teachers we have hired are teaching in first grade. Their class sizes are going to be reduced from an average of 22.9 to an average of 17.6 students--from 22 down to 17. And every teacher will tell you that for one less student they have in the classroom, the more time they have to spend with each individual student. Twenty-three percent of the teachers are teaching in second grade, and class sizes in second grades across this country are being reduced an average of 23.2 to an average of 18.1. Twenty-four percent of the teachers are teaching in third grade, and class sizes will be reduced from an average of 23.5 to an average of 18.3 for third graders in classrooms across the country.  The money we allocated last year is being spent. We are getting overwhelming responses from teachers, parents, business leaders, and communities that have this class size money in place and are beginning to see the results of it. They are ecstatic. These teachers are in the classrooms. They are teaching. They are appalled that we are going to go back on our word; that this money is not going to continue to be there so that we continue the commitment we made 1 year ago.  I have numbers from many of our States across the country where class size dollars have been put into place and where teachers are beginning to see the real results of what we did 1 year ago. I think one of the things we haven't talked about is the fact that when we put this program in place, we said--unlike the block grants, unlike many other programs--we want to make sure administration and paperwork are not going to hamper these dollars actually going into the classroom.  The class size money that we put into place last year takes one form for a school district--one form, and a few minutes of an administrator's time. That is all it takes for the dollars we allocated, the $1.2 billion going directly to hire teachers. This is real money being used in real classrooms. Unlike block grants and other programs that we have, we can keep track of where this money is. We know the money is being used to hire teachers. We know that a portion of it is being used to train teachers to give them the skills they need. We know the real money is being used in a way that we can come back and test it and hold it accountable and show that our kids are learning because of something we did in the Senate.  As a result of the work we did a year ago, 1.7 million children are now benefiting from smaller class sizes this year. More than 29,000 teachers have been hired with that money. Forty-three percent of them are teaching in the first grade, twenty-three percent are teaching in the second grade, and twenty-four percent are teaching in the third grade.  In Anchorage, AK, very far from here, they received $1.8 million under our Class Size Reduction Program and lowered their average first grade class from 22 to 18 by hiring 40 new first grade teachers.  If the District loses its funding under this bill, the 40 recently hired teachers will be laid off, and they will return their class sizes back to 22 students. And, more importantly, if it ends next year, little will have been gained.  According to Bruce Johnson, Deputy Commissioner of the State Department of Education and Early Development in Anchorage, a 1-year project, he said, generally doesn't yield dramatic results. In Mesa, AR, the Mesa public schools serving 70,000 students received $1.1 million in class size reduction funds. Half of it was used to hire new full-time teachers to reduce their class sizes, and the other half was used to provide reading instruction, an important goal for small groups of children.  Without these continued funds, we are facing a real dilemma. Superintendents are under the gun to get their class sizes down. But at the same time they have this concern about what will happen if they hire new teachers and the Federal money runs out. That is a quota, according to the executive director of the Arizona school administrator.  San Francisco, CA, has been working very hard to reduce class size in the early grades for many years, and they requested a waiver. I say that all the school districts that have requested a waiver have received one. Because they already focused their money on the early grades, they were allowed the flexibility under the dollars we spent last year, and want to continue to spend this year, to reduce class sizes up to the eighth grade.  With these funds, San Francisco hired 37 teachers and reduced their class sizes from 33 to 22. In English and in math, they reduced their class sizes to 20, and they used the funds to provide training for teachers on how to work effectively in smaller classes.  Whenever I talk to young students who are in a high school math class, they tell me the most frustrating thing they do in a day is have their hand raised for an entire 50-minute period and never get their question answered.  California has already focused their class size reduction money on the early grades. They had the flexibility under our language to reduce class sizes to make gains in K through eighth. Now kids don't sit through a 50-minute period raising their hand, with no answer given, and they don't go home at the end of the day not understanding what happened that day. That is progress because of the work we did, because of the flexibility we offered in this bill, and because we said our national goal is to reduce class size because we know it works.  In Boise, ID, they received $547,000 to hire 11 teachers as a result of the Class Size Reduction Program. Some of the teachers will circulate through 10 schools giving students extra help. We have heard from districts that it is a problem because they don't have the classes available to reduce class size. We have allowed them the flexibility, as in Boise, ID, having teachers circulate through the schools so the students get more one-on-one with an adult. Other teachers in Boise were placed in schools with high numbers of low-income students to reduce class size. Boise school administrators will have to lay off the newly hired teachers if they do not receive targeted funding next year. Idaho superintendent Marilyn Howard said this returning of some of our Federal tax dollars to our schools will help support districts' efforts to create smaller classes in the critical early grades.  It is our hope this commitment will continue beyond the current year. These teachers are in place. They are working. They are looking to Congress to see whether what we did a year ago was just an empty promise or whether we really meant it when we said that in the United States of America we want our kids to get a better education and we believe an important role of the Federal Government is to provide the partnership and the dollars to reduce class size. It is a very important goal, one that is achievable, one in which we can help to make the commitment, and one to which we can be held accountable at the end of the day. We know where those funds go. We know they don't go to administration. We know they don't go to expensive bureaucratic work. We know they don't go to a lot of paperwork. We know they go to hire teachers to go directly into the classrooms.  This money is helping. But in the bill before the Senate today, there is no money for class size reduction, no money whatever. Mr. President, 30,000 teachers will be fired as a direct result of this bill now before the Senate. I cannot stand by and let that happen. I know a number of my colleagues will not stand by and let that happen.  In Boston, MA, home of Senator Kennedy, the Boston public school district received $3.5 million in funding to reduce class size. In the first year, the school district has reduced class sizes in the first and second grades from 28 students to 25 by hiring 40 new teachers. If the Boston public schools were to lose funding targeted to class size reductions, they would not be able to further reduce class sizes to 18 in the first and second grades and they would not be able to reduce class sizes in third and fourth grades, their objective. They would have to lay off all 40 teachers or make deep cuts in other areas of education.  That is not a choice we ought to be giving them. We ought to fulfill the commitment we made 1 year ago: Put the money in class size reduction, make the commitment to continue to work to hire 100,000 teachers across the country, and keep the promise everyone made that education is a No. 1 priority and we are not going to underfund it.  I know there are other colleagues who want to do block grants. I commend them for their ideas, their passion, and their commitment. If there is a need for additional funds for schools in the form of block grants, I am happy to hear those proposals. Yes, let's provide that additional funding. However, let's not take away the commitment we have made to reduce class size in the first, second, and third grades. It is a national commitment on which we need to follow through.  I think what we should recognize is that only 1.6 percent of the entire Federal budget goes to fund education. To take away this $1.2 billion is not the right way to go. I know that my colleagues several years ago passed a sense of the Senate which said we would increase by 1 percent a year the amount of money going to fund education. We have not done that.  If some of my colleagues want to offer a block grant, offer additional funds to schools, that is great. However, let's not take away the commitment, let's not take away the promise, let's not take away the investment that is in place right now with teachers hired, with classes being reduced, with young students in early grades across our country now knowing they will be able to learn to read, write, and do math by the end of first and second grades because this Senate, this Congress, in a bipartisan manner, 1 year ago said: We are going to make this happen. Let's not renege on that promise.  