 President, I rise to join my colleagues in voicing my strong support for Senate ratification of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  I joined many of my colleagues in calling for Senate consideration of the CTBT. But I must say, I am very disappointed in the process put into place for the consideration of this hugely important issue.  This Senate is failing our great tradition of considering treaties without partisan political influences. So many giants in American history have argued for and against treaties right here on the Senate floor.  Senator Henry ``Scoop'' Jackson from my own State of Washington was one of these giants. Following his death in 1983, Charles Krauthammer wrote the following in Time magazine:       The death of Senator Henry Jackson has left an empty      stillness at the center of American politics. Jackson was the      symbol, and the last great leader, of a political tradition      that began with Woodrow Wilson and reached its apogee with      John Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson, and Hubert Humphrey. That      tradition--liberal internationalism--held that if democratic      capitalism was to have a human face, it had to have a big      heart and strong hand.  Scoop believed in that strong hand. Senator Jackson was one of the Senate's workhorses on defense issues. Few had the intimate knowledge of defense and foreign policy matters that Scoop did. And this expertise extended to arms control issues as well. Jackson was famous for taking apart arms control agreements and forcing the Executive Branch and his congressional colleagues to understand fully the matter at hand. And, Jackson was a leader at perfecting arms control agreements that fully protected U.S. interests.  Senator Jackson was a defense giant throughout the cold war. He championed his country's defense from the days of FDR to Ronald Reagan's first term as President. Yet, he managed to vote for every single arms control treaty that came before the Senate. He tackled the issues and he protected U.S. interests and national security with absolute devotion to country free from partisan politics. Jackson epitomized the Senate at its best; senators working together without time constraints; senators holding the Administration accountable; senators engaged to strengthen U.S. foreign and defense policy.  Sadly, this Senate has taken a different course. Few can argue with any sincerity that the Senate has given the CTBT a thorough consideration. The treaty's certain defeat was dictated by partisanship before a single hearing was held on the issue. Advise and consent, the Senate's historical and constitutional duty has been laid aside by a majority party currying favor with extremist political forces.  In spite of the pre-determined fate of the CTBT, I want to take a few minutes to briefly explain my strong support for the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  The arguments used to end nuclear testing in 1992 are just as valid today.  My service in the Senate has largely mirrored the U.S. moratorium on nuclear weapons tests. President Bush wisely halted U.S. nuclear weapons testing after a thorough review of our nuclear weapons arsenal and particularly the safety, reliability and survivability of our stockpile.  The directors of our nuclear weapons laboratories, numerous prestigious weapons scientists, prominent military leaders and many others remain convinced that the United States can safely maintain its nuclear weapons stockpile without nuclear testing.  The CTBT freezes in place U.S. supremacy in nuclear weaponry.  The United States maintains a 6,000 warhead nuclear arsenal. This arsenal is the result of more than 1,000 nuclear weapons tests. Our nuclear weapons program is without equal in the world.  Dr. Hans Bethe, Nobel Prize winning physicist and former Director of Theoretical Division at the Los Alamos Laboratory wrote the President on this very point in early October. Dr. Bethe's letter states:       Every thinking person should realize that this treaty is      uniquely in favor of the United States. We have a substantial      lead in atomic weapons technology over all other countries.     We have tested weapons of all sizes and shapes suitable for      military purposes. We have no interest in and no need for      further development through testing. Other existing nuclear      powers would need tests to make up this technological gap.      And even more importantly, a test ban would make it      essentially impossible for new nuclear power to engage.  Here's a leading nuclear scientist, a Nobel Prize winning physicist, and he says the CTBT is ``uniquely in favor of the United States.'' To me, this is an immensely powerful argument in favor of CTBT.  Failure to ratify the test ban treaty will send a disastrous message to the international community.  Already our closest allies are calling upon the United States to ratify the CTBT. Many countries urging the U.S. to ratify the treaty are the same countries covered by the U.S. nuclear umbrella including our closest NATO allies.  Given our unmatched nuclear superiority, is the United States' national interest advanced by working with the global community to combat potential nuclear threats? The answer to me is a resounding yes.  The United States is safer if the world is working together to combat any proliferation threats. Without the CTBT, the global effort to combat proliferation will be seriously undermined and U.S. credibility and sincerity will be jeopardized.  Our efforts to contain and control a nuclear arms race in South Asia will be undermined. The global resolve to contain proliferation in the Middle East in countries like Iran and Iraq will diminish. Rogue states like North Korea will not face the same international resolve on weapons experimentation and development. It will be easier for nations like China to modernize its nuclear weapons program if the CTBT does not enter into force. Our already difficult efforts to work with a fraying nuclear establishment in Russia will also be setback by the U.S. failure to lead the effort to end nuclear weapons testing once and for all.  The CTBT is largely a creation of the United States. For more than 40 years, Republican and Democratic Administrations have pushed the world to end nuclear weapons testing. President Clinton signed the CTBT upon its successful negotiation in 1996. More than 140 countries have signed the treaty. Some 40 countries have ratified the treaty. U.S. ratification of the CTBT is one of the last remaining hurdles to the treaty entering in force.  Mr. President, I will cast my vote with absolute confidence for ratification of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  Mr. DeWINE. Mr. President, we live in dangerous and uncertain times. The global threats to peace and security known well to us during the Cold War have been replaced by terrorist states and rogue nations with growing nuclear arsenals. Historically, existing international arms control agreements have made our nation, and our world, a safer place. The United States has been a world leader to reduce global nuclear tests. Several nuclear test ban treaties already are in effect, including the 1963 Limited Test Ban Treaty (LTBT), which banned nuclear blasts in the atmosphere, space, and underwater; the 1974 Threshold Test Ban Treaty (TTBT), which banned tests on devices above 150 kilotons; and the 1990 Peaceful Nuclear Explosion Treaty.  Unfortunately, the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty will not provide the same protections as these other weapons treaties. That is why I cannot support it.  I am against the CTBT for two fundamental reasons: 1. The Treaty does not guarantee us an ability to maintain a safe, viable, and advanced nuclear stockpile; and 2. The Treaty does not provide effective verification and enforcement if other nations violate the Treaty.  The Clinton administration has proposed replacing our testing system with a computer simulated Stockpile Stewardship Program. Right now, we simply do not know if this program can serve as a reliable surrogate for testing. We do not know if computer simulations can mimic accurately the functions of actual testing. We do not know if computer simulations can provide adequate information so we can modernize and our devices in response to changing threats and new weapons systems. What we do know is that in order for our own nuclear defenses to be an effective deterrent, they must be able to work. Ratification of the CTBT would close off the only means that currently can ensure the reliability, safety, and security of our nuclear defense stockpile.  I also am opposed to the CTBT because it does not provide adequate verification and enforcement mechanisms. Nations will be able to conduct nuclear tests well below the detection threshold of the Treaty's current monitoring system. If a rogue nation, like Iraq, conducts a nuclear test, and the United States insists on an on-site inspection, the treaty first would require 30 of 51 nations on the CTBT executive council to approve the inspection. If approved, the country to be inspected could still declare up to 50 square kilometers as being ``off limits'' from the inspection. How can measures like this ensure other nations will comply with the CTBT? They simply can't.  The national security of our nation would not be served with the adoption of the current CTBT. I believe ratification of the CTBT could compromise our national security. The Senate should defeat its ratification.  