 President, I strongly oppose this amendment. It is our responsibility as the Nation's leader to reduce the hazards that America's workers face--not putting roadblocks in the way of increased workers safety. Ergonomic injuries are the single largest occupational health crisis faced by men and women in our workforce today. We should let the OSHA issue an ergonomics standard.  Ergonomic injuries hurt America's workers. Each year, more than 600,000 private sector workers in America are forced to miss time from work because of musculoskeletal disorders, MSDs. These injuries hurt our America's companies because these disorders can cause workers to miss three full weeks of work or more. Employers pay over $20 billion annually in worker's compensation benefits due to MSDs and up to $60 billion in lost productivity, disability benefits, and other associated costs.  The impact of MSDs on women workers is especially serious. While women make up 46 percent of the total workforce and only make up 33 percent of total injured workers, they receive 63 percent of all lost work time ergonomic injuries and 69 percent of lost work time carpal tunnel syndrome.  In addition, women in the health care, retail and textile industries are particularly hard hit by MSDs and carpal tunnel syndrome. In fact women suffer over 90 percent of the MSDs among nurses, nurse aides, health care aides, and sewing machine operators. Women also account for 91 percent of the carpal tunnel cases that occur among cashiers.  Despite all the overwhelming financial and physical impacts of MSDs and the disproportionate impact they have on our Nation's women, there have been several efforts over the years to prevent the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, OSHA from issuing an ergonomics standard.  Let's be clear, this amendment is intended to delay OSHA's ergonomic standard until yet another scientific study is performed on ergonomic injuries. We have examined the merits of this rule over and over again. Contrary to what those on the other side of this issue say, the science supports an ergonomics standard. We also had a bipartisan agreement that the current National Academy of Sciences, NAS, study would--in no way--impede implementation by OSHA.  NAS has already studied this issue. The new study would address the exact same issues that were dealt with in the previous study. They are also using the same science. No new science. It is mind boggling.  The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, NIOSH, studied ergonomics and conclude that there is ``clear and compelling evidence''that MSDs are caused by work and can be reduced and prevented through workplace interventions. The American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, the world's largest occupational medical society, agreed with NIOSH and saw no reason to delay implementation. The studies and science are conclusive in the Senator's mind.  Further--and possibly most persuasive--last year, the administration and leaders in Congress on this side of the aisle only agreed to a new study because those on the other side said that this new study would not delay the issuance by OSHA of a rule on ergonomics. Now they are not standing by their word.  We cannot afford to delay an important standard which will greatly improve workplace safety.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. We should allow OSHA to issue an ergonomics standard. It will be an important first step in protecting our Nation's workers from crippling injuries.  