 President, I rise today to express my concerns about the tax plan proposed by my Republican colleagues.  When I first came to the Senate in 1993, there were projected deficits as far as the eye could see. The United States had not seen a budget surplus in a quarter century. The American people were demanding change after more than a decade of Republicans in the White House, and Republicans in control of this body from 1980 to 1986. We knew we had to make some unpopular decisions to put our fiscal house in order. And working with the Clinton administration, the 103rd Congress made those tough decisions.  We reduced the tax burden for the middle class and we restored some degree of tax fairness to our system. We put the Federal Government on the road of less spending, while maintaining commitments to core priorities. Some of my colleagues were defeated in 1994 because they did the right thing for the future of America.  In 1997, Congress and the administration reached a bipartisan agreement to balance the budget and provide responsible tax relief to the American people. At that time, we had no idea we would achieve an on-budget surplus so quickly. Wise fiscal and monetary policies and a strong economy have provided a projected surplus that gives us hope we can solve some of the biggest challenges of our time. It is an exciting time to be in the Congress.  But in our excitement about the projected surplus, I am afraid we are acting in haste. And in doing so, we could undermine the hard work we have done to get to this point.  Let me be clear: I support responsible tax relief for the American people.  I support further reform of our nation's estate tax laws so that the small timberland owner in Mason County, Washington, and the small business owner who sells farm equipment in Moses Lake, Washington, can pass their land and livelihoods on to the next generation.  I support deductibility of health insurance costs so the self-employed owner of a technology start-up company in Seattle can afford health care.  I support reducing the so-called ``marriage penalty'' so that a young married couple in Spokane has more money to purchase their first home or begin saving for retirement.  I support expanding the low income housing tax credit so that we increase the availability of affordable housing for low- and middle-income families, especially in rural and urban areas.  I support the creation of Farm and Ranch Risk Management Accounts so the apple grower in the Yakima Valley will have one more tool to manage the risk inherent in agriculture.  I support the extension of the research and experimentation tax credit so Washington state high-tech and bio-tech companies have the incentive and the ability to invest in their long-term future and the future of our country.  I support reforming the individual alternative minimum tax so that families all across Washington state can continue to enjoy the full benefits of the HOPE scholarship and the per child tax credit that we passed in 1997.  In principle, I support all of these ideas, and many others that have been proposed. However, we cannot afford to make tax cuts without considering and carefully weighing the consequences. The American people deserve a responsible tax cut. They also deserve an honest debate from this Congress about how the Republican tax bill would affect their lives.  The majority's tax plan is based on an assumption. An assumption about what future Presidents and Congresses will do. They assume we will have a projected $964 billion non-Social Security surplus through fiscal year 2009. My colleagues propose to use $792 billion of that projected surplus over the next ten years to reduce taxes. They also assume that three-quarters of the projected surplus will come from unspecified reductions in spending by future Congresses.  To all the citizens watching around the country today, let me explain. The 1997 balanced budget agreement called for strict spending caps in discretionary, nondefense spending in fiscal years 2000, 2001, and 2002. In other words, the 17 percent of the Federal budget that funds all Government activities besides Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and interest on the $5.5 trillion national debt is subject to cuts. That 17 percent funds the federal role in improving education, giving greater access to Head Start, preventing crime, protecting the environment, providing health care to veterans, investing in urban and rural communities, maintaining national parks, creating affordable housing, reducing traffic congestion through highways and mass transit, and many other important functions.  The projected surplus uses as its baseline spending targets established for fiscal year 2000. Right now, the Senate Appropriations Committee, of which I am a member, is struggling to move forward with bills. Even some of my Republican colleagues have indicated they cannot write appropriations bills within the current spending caps. For example, both the VA, HUD, and Independent Agencies spending bill and the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education spending bill have not been reported by their respective subcommittee because of the funding difficulties involved.  The American people need to understand that this tax cut will mean massive, unprecedented cuts in important and popular domestic priorities.  If we assume that Congress will meet the discretionary spending caps outlined in the Republican plan, then nondefense discretionary programs would have to be cut by 23 percent by 2009.  What does this mean for Washington state?  It means 23 percent less for Hanford cleanup. It means 23 percent less for salmon recovery. It means 23 percent less for community police officers. It means 23 percent less for highway improvements and mass transit to meet our growing infrastructure demands. It means 23 percent less for Head Start, which serves more than 9,000 children in Washington state. It means 23 percent less for reducing class size. it means 23 percent less for our VA hospitals. It means 23 percent less for the management of Mt. Rainer National Park. But reductions in discretionary spending is far from the only concern with this tax bill.  This bill jeopardizes our ability to reduce our national debt. All of my colleagues have worked hard to get our fiscal house in order. We have successfully balanced the budget, provided reasonable tax relief, and contributed to the strong economic environment we have today. One of our priorities must be continuing to reduce publicly held debt. By doing so we can decrease the interest payments on the debt that currently claim 15 percent of the federal budget. And reducing the debt willalso help keep our economy moving forward. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has indicated again and again that reducing debt is preferable to a large tax cut.  I have saved the most important issue for last: Social Security and Medicare. Throughout the past year, as it appeared we would have a large projected budget surplus over the next ten years, I have said repeatedly that we should not raid the surplus for tax cuts until we protect Social Security and Medicare for the long term.  I have listened to many of my colleagues talk about the importance of returning money to taxpayers. Let me tell my colleagues there is no better return on the investment for taxpayers than saving Social Security and Medicare. This must be a top priority. If we fail to enact real reform, we will be judged harshly--and rightly so--by our children and grandchildren. Our Nation's future economic security rests in our hands.  Saving Social Security and Medicare is important to all of our Nation's seniors, but let me explain why it is especially critical to women and their families. Women are twice as likely as men to live with a chronic health care condition. Women receive Social Security and Medicare longer than men, and for all women over age 65, 60 percent of their retirement income comes from Social Security. Often, Social Security and Medicare are their only hope for maintaining a reasonable standard of living and some degree of independence and dignity.  If we fail to protect the solvency of both of these important safety net programs, my generation will become a burden on our children. Our grandchildren will not have the same economic opportunities that we had simply because their parents will be taking care of us. More and more older Americans would fail deep into poverty, further straining family and government resources, and most important the emotional and physical health of seniors.  My Republican colleagues claim they have created a lock box for Social Security and Medicare. However, the Republican proposal simply continues to reserve the Social Security trust fund surplus for Social Security. But, they do not provide any additional resources for either Social Security or Medicare and they do nothing to improve their solvency. Their lockbox is an empty promise.  We can argue about the economic threat posed by this package of tax cuts targeted to the more affluent and geared towards increased consumption, but I think we should be talking instead about maintaining the most successful economic stability programs ever implemented by the federal government--Social Security and Medicare. Can you imagine the economic upheaval that the insolvency of Social Security or Medicare would cause? I can assure my colleagues that hard working Americans want economic security in their retirement years, not tax breaks they may never even see or benefit from.  That's an important point, Mr. President. This tax bill, which would do nothing for Federal initiatives--from Social Security to Medicare, from transportation infrastructure to education, from Section 8 housing to clean air and water--that raise the quality of life of low and middle income Americans would then give three-fourths of the benefits in return to the top one-fifth of income earners. The average tax cut for the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers--with incomes of $38,200 and below--would be $139 per year. And in return for that tax cut, that same family will have to worry even more about taking care of elderly parents, about where they will find money to help their kids go to college since there are fewer Pell Grants, and about how they get to spend some time with their kids when they are on congested highways for hours each day. And to top it all off, when the family goes on vacation to see our nation's national parks, the gates will be closed.  I will support the alternative drafted by my Democratic friends on the Finance Committee. The alternative would meet many of our priorities for any tax bill we send to the President.  The Democratic alternative would provide broad-based relief to the more than 70 percent of taxpayers claiming the standard deduction. It would remove three million taxpayers from the tax rolls. It would also provide marriage penalty relief. These are real benefits targeted to precisely the lower and middle Americans that need it the most.  The Democratic alternative would allow 100 percent deductibility of health insurance costs for self-employed individuals and include a 30 percent tax credit for individuals without employer-sponsored plans. Since the Senate failed to pass a strong Patients' Bill of Rights, the least we can do is make health insurance more accessible to all Americans.  The Democratic alternative would make public school modernization a high priority. It would provide $24 billion in modernization bonds. Mr. President, this would send a strong message to students, parents and administrators that this Congress cares about providing the education infrastructure we desperately need.  The Democratic alternative would provide tax relief for our nation's struggling farmers and ranchers. It would establish Farm and Ranch Risk Management FARRM, accounts so that producers could better manage their income to reduce risk. Given that it is unlikely Congress will act to improve the long-term safety net for growers this year, FARRM accounts are the least we can do.  I urge my colleagues to vote for the Democratic alternative. A vote for the Democratic alternative is a vote for responsible tax relief and responsible government. At a time when most Americans do not have much faith in Congress, let us not compound that sentiment with responsible tax politics. We have worked so hard to correct the misguided policies of the past. As we move forward into the next century, let's learn the lessons of the past and reject the Republican tax plan in front of us.     RETIREMENT SECURITY PROVISIONS IN TAXPAYER REFUND ACT OF 1999  