 President, I thank Senator Harkin for his statement and his commitment to education and the tremendous job he is doing to do the right thing, to get education back as the top priority of this Senate and not the last priority. I very much appreciate his strong words and his work, and I look forward to working with him.  Mr. President, I remind my colleagues, at the beginning of this year,--as we were discussing budget priorities--virtually every Member of this Chamber--Republican and Democrat--came before you to say how important education is. I was proud to see that the issues that American families talk about around the kitchen table were finally being talked about here on the Senate floor.  As the year has progressed, however, we have seen that it was just that--a lot of talk and no action. Members have not matched their talk about education funding with actual funds.  For example, earlier this year, the budget chairman indicated he would increase funding for education and training by $5.6 billion. Including yesterday's actions on VA-HUD appropriations, we are now looking at--not an increase of $5.6 billion--but a decrease of more than $15 billion in education funding from last year.  How are we going to look the American public in the eye and honestly say that we are doing what we have promised?  This Congress has turned its back on the bipartisan commitment we made only last year. Schools in my State--and all across the country--are using the Federal money we appropriated last year to hire more teachers right now. And it is working. But the current budget process cuts this progress off at the knees.  A budget document is a statement of our values. When you look at the budgets that have come out this year, they show that Congress' values don't match Americans' values. How can we say that education is a priority if it receives only 1.6 percent of Federal spending?  I cannot in good conscience sit quietly as this Congress goes back on its word and ignores the priorities of the American public.  This is the most important discussion we can have right now. School is back in session, and people are talking about improving education. Only Congress is not listening.  Sometimes in this Chamber it is hard to hear what our actions sound like across the country. Let me tell you what it sounds like to my constituents. They have told me in no uncertain terms that education funding matters.  The people are speaking, but Congress is not listening.  The American people have said that our children should not sit in overcrowded classrooms. When a child's hand goes up in the classroom, we all want the teacher to be able to focus on that child's question.  What is Congress's reply? The Republican budget will cut education funding by more than 17 percent and guarantee that we keep our children in overcrowded classrooms.  The people are speaking, but Congress is not listening.  The American people have said that our teachers should be well-trained and have the most recent skills and resources to meet today's complexneeds-- including knowing how to use technology to boost student achievement.  What is Congress' reply? The Republican budget will cut education funding by more than 17 percent and guarantee that we cannot give our students the well-trained teachers they deserve. The people are speaking; Congress is not listening.  The American people have said they want their children to learn in modern schools, not schools where plugging in a computer blows all the electrical circuits. What is Congress' reply? The Republican budget will cut education funding by more than 17 percent and guarantee that we will not be able to modernize our aging schools. The people are speaking; Congress is not listening.  Over the past year, one place where our children should be the safest, our schools, has become a home to unspeakable acts of violence. At the end of last school year, we had tragedies in Colorado and Georgia. The American people have told us they want their children to be safe in school. What is Congress' reply? The Republican budget will cut education funding by more than 17 percent and guarantee that we take away resources for safe and drug-free schools now, when we need them the most. The people are speaking; Congress is not listening.  When my colleagues say they are listening to the American people, they must be listening with their hands over their ears because they aren't getting the message.  Let me be clear: Cutting education funding by more than 17 percent is not what the American people want. It is not what our students need, and it is not what this Congress said it would do.  Why do I feel so strongly about this? Because making sure that we invest in public education and prepare our students and our country for tomorrow is at the core of who I am and why I am a United States Senator. When I was raising my children and my State was about to cut a small but very essential preschool program, I started talking to people around me about how we could keep that program. It wasn't very long before I had 15,000 people behind me making their voices heard in my State capital to save that preschool program. We fought very hard over a very small program, and we prevailed. The program wasn't cut, and today it is still helping students as it has been for the past 40 years.  These same parents and parents like them from around my State have responded so deeply to the need to invest in education that they sent me to the school board, the State senate, and now to the United States Senate. I stand before you as a person with a mission--to make sure that policymakers across this country do not walk away from their responsibility to the future of America and that they understand the importance of the Federal education dollar.  Since I have been in the Senate, I have noticed a change. Because of the efforts of Members like myself, Tom Harkin, Ted Kennedy, Chris Dodd, Barbara Boxer, Jack Reed, and Republicans such as Senator Jeffords and others, this body is finally talking about education in a way that it never has before. This Chamber's discussion is more reflective of the discussions that go on around kitchen tables all over this country. But you don't get points for talk alone.  I am sure that after my remarks today, some Members of this body will come here to say our public schools are failing, and they will paint us all a picture of woe and despair. The truth is, our public schools are doing a good job educating our children, and they are doing that good work in the face of enormous challenges today.  I have to say it again because it has never been more clear: Our public schools have not failed us, but if we don't stop this Republican budget, we will be failing our public schools.  The American people say education should be the highest priority. This Congress is making it our last priority. The American people say education should be our first priority. This Congress made it the last bill we will debate, after all the dollars have been spent, and there is only a little bit of spare change left.  Some of the proposals out there would have you believe that we can solve everything just by making our Federal programs more flexible. We all want our programs to be flexible. But you can have all the flexibility in the world, and it won't solve our education problems. Our schools need resources and our schools need funding.  The education budget has been left for the last. When we go home in a month, how will we explain the resulting decisions to our constituents? Which 17 percent of the kids are we going to say are not worth educating? To which 17 percent of the parents and families are we going to say: Sorry, we didn't have enough money to teach your child? Which 17 percent of schools are not worth making safe, secure, and drug free?  We cannot waste a single student. Even though it is very late in the game, and there is a lot of work to be done, we can turn this around. We can still decide to keep our word on education and to keep in step with the wishes of the American public.  It is not too late. I urge all of my colleagues to act now to increase education funding and do right by our children.  I thank the Chair and suggest the absence of a quorum.  