 President, as we prepare for final passage of the Republican HMO legislation, I come to the Senate floor to express my disappointment and my frustration with this end product. This bill is a failure and ultimately we will all suffer the consequences of the majority's reluctance to protect patients.  I had high hopes at the beginning of the week that we could come together on some of the key areas of agreement and produce a good bipartisan bill to protect patients. I had hoped for a bill to put the health care decisions back into the hands of patients and consumers.  Our health care system is in a state of flux. It has moved from a system that served people only when they got sick and encouraged overutilization. Now we have a system where economic barriers are erected to prevent patients from accessing care. We have gone from a system of waste and over-utilization to a system where patients cannot get the care for which they paid. Decisionmaking--life and death decisionmaking--is now too often solely in the hands of insurance executives focused on profits and quarterly reports. Who is looking out for the patients?  We need to restore a balance with a system where insurance protects you when you become ill, but also helps prevent you from becoming sick in the first place. We need a system where the ultimate decision rests in the hands of patients based on the medical advice of their physicians. We need a system where people are fighting illness, not fighting the insurance company. We need a system where doctors are not spending 45 minutes on the phone with an insurance company so a sick child can be admitted to a hospital. We need a system where parents are free to stop at the first, closest emergency room and not drive to the one their insurer commands if their child has been hit by a car.  I know such a system does and can exit. One of my greatest concerns is what the failure of Patients' Bill of Rights means to managed, coordinated care. Let me tell my colleagues, I support managed care. I support a coordinated care approach that is focused on prevention and early detection of disease.  HMOs and managed care were born in my state of Washington. The original HMO law, signed by a Republican President in the early 1970's was enacted because of the new, revolutionary form of health insurance still in its infancy in Washington state. I want to be clear, health maintenance organizations are not the enemy. One of my colleagues yesterday made a statement that the Democrats saw HMOs as the bad guys. He tried to make a point that some how supporting the Health Security Act in 1994 and the Patients' Bill of Rights was contradictory. He was wrong. Our intent is to ensure patients the right to receive the care they have paid for, not to eliminate coordinated care.  The experience in Washington state has taught me that we can have a system that reduces overutilization and unnecessary care while actually improving health care benefits. I know that good managed care structure has increased our immunization rates. I know that it has contributed to the fact that almost 70 percent of women in Washington state over the age of 55receive mammagrams. I know that a good managed care structure has increased our average life expectancy and reduced our infant mortality. It has reduced the number of people who smoke and decreased the incidence of heart disease. We have a healthier population in Washington state, in part because we have the benefits of a coordinated care delivery system that focuses on prevention and reduces wasteful, unnecessary health care services.  Unfortunately, things are changing in Washington. Due to mergers and acquisitions we now have health care plans being run by companies in California and other states. We now have for-profit insurance companies using HMOs and more importantly, we have premiums from HMO participants going to enhance short term profits. Our once envied system has deteriorated. I am hearing more and more from patients and physicians about the obstacles they must over-come to access health care. They must push hard to get wise health care decisions, not just big economic benefits.  I honestly believe that if we fail to restore some kind of balance, managed care will become a thing of the past. People will demand changes and will dismantle managed care. We will then be back to a system where only the very wealthy have regular and consistent access to quality health care and where you only see your doctor when you are ill, not to prevent illness.  I had hoped that a uniformed standard set of protections for patients would restore some trust to managed care. That is the only way we can ensure that the ``outrage of the day'' does not become the guiding force in state legislatures. If my colleagues think that by killing our balanced and fair Patients' Bill of Rights it will end this debate, think again. You can be sure that in the next session of the legislature in each state there will be new patient protection bills ranging from access to expanded, mandated benefits. Patients will demand this.  Ultimately, these single ``outrage of the day'' bills will be the nail in the coffin for managed, coordinated care. We will see the end of a health care delivery system that encourages prevention and keeps people healthier, longer. We will see a return to a system where access is only provided to the ill.  Not only does this jeopardize health insurance, it jeopardizes biomedical research and development. Why invest in research that prevents illness or prevents hospital stays or detects cancer sooner, when no one will have access to it? Why double NIH research dollars, to prevent illness and to find cures for deadly diseases like cancer and MS, if patients are not encouraged to seek care to prevent illness or to seek regular, prevention and early detection care? Doesn't it seem to be a contradiction to encourage biomedical research when we do not have a health care delivery system that invests in wellness?  Our Patients' Bill of Rights will not result in pushing people off of insurance. Our bill is a reasonable, cost effective proposal that does enhance managed care, not diminish it. It rewards those insurance companies that do offer a good package and a good product. They will no longer have to compete with companies that do not look at their beneficiaries as people, but rather premiums. There are good insurance companies out there. I know this to be true as there are several in Washington state. While I have heard of some problems in the state, I believe it is a combination of consumer misinformation and distrust. But, unfortunately these good companies have to compete in a very price sensitive market with companies that have policies in place to limit and deny access to quality care.  I am also disappointed that most of my Republican colleagues refused to engage in an open and honest debate. They offered amendments sold as access to emergency room coverage or improvements in women's health or access to clinical trials, when in fact their underlying bill is nothing more than a simple statement only saying we support patients, but not supporting and enforcing access to care. My Republican colleagues say they want these things, and as participants in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan we have these benefits and protections, but they do not provide them to all insured Americans because the insurance lobby has told them to say no.  This is a short sighted strategy as parents with sick children, cancer survivors, patients with MS or Parkinsons, and women denied access to ob/gyn care will ultimately be heard. Wait until they discover that for $2 more a month they cold have gone to the ER or they could have participated in a new life saving clinical trial at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. They could have gone to see their ob/gyn when they first found the lump on their breast or their child could have seen a pediatric oncologist following a diagnosis of cancer. What do my colleagues think will happen when families realize that for the price of a Happy Meal each month they could have saved their child? There will be outrage and it will be heard all the way to Washington, DC.  I hope that this issue is not dead. I hope some how this is not the end of the debate and that like so many other issues we will be able to put aside partisan differences and work towards real patient protections.  