 Madam President, let me just commend the Senator from Massachusetts for his tremendous work on the education issue and for his repeated help with those of us who would like to offer amendments that would make a difference for young children in this country--in their education and in our responsibilities to live up to promises we made to our voters to deal with the issues of education, whether it is reducing class size; training our teachers; dropout prevention, as Senator Bingaman has brought to us; afterschool care, as Senator Boxer has talked about; and numerous other issues that will affect children's education.  I listened to the chairman this morning as he talked about my amendment, which has yet to be offered, on class size. I agree with him that the best thing we can do for our kids in our classes is to have a quality teacher. That is exactly what this amendment that we would like to offer does.  Reducing class size allows 15 percent of the funds to go to recruiting, hiring, and training certified, regular, and special education teachers, and teachers of special needs children, including teachers certified with State and local governments.  I am reading from my amendment, Madam President. This amendment makes sure that the teachers who are put into our classrooms are well qualified. In fact, I worked with Senator Jeffords, chairman of the committee, last year, along with our ranking member, in order to deal with the issue of quality teachers. We passed an agreement last year that began to make sure that our young people out in the colleges today who are learning to be teachers are given skills in technology, a very important issue, making sure that every new teacher who is certified from here on out has training in technology. We intend to work with the chairman of the committee when we reauthorize the ESEA, to make sure that our teachers who are out there are already getting the training and help they need so they can be the best teachers possible.  But it isn't good enough to just have a teacher in the classroom. We need to make sure that those teachers have enough time with individual students to help them with their reading skills, to help them with their math skills, to help them with their introduction to science, to help them with their writing skills. There is nothing more frustrating to a first-grade teacher who is trying to help the young student in her classroom learn to read, and one young student can't get the time and individual attention he or she needs so that they can break through the barrier and learn to read. And there is nothing worse than for a teacher to go home at night and be completely frustrated because they had 30, 35 kids in their classroom and they weren't able to help one child. There is nothing more difficult for a teacher than to recognize that they left the child behind that day or that night or that year because they didn't have the individual attention they needed.  We go out to our communities--all of us--and we talk to business leaders in our communities. Every one of them tells us that they want to hire kids from their local schools to go into their businesses. They look directly at us, and they say, ``We want to know when those kids graduate from high school that they know how to read, write, that they have the basics in science and math.'' What we have found from all of the studies we have seen is that when class sizes are reduced in the first through third grades, those students go on through high school and they graduate with competency in those requirements. It does make a difference.  Madam President, last year I introduced legislation on reducing class size. It was turned down on a partisan vote in the beginning of the year. But we did have a bipartisan agreement. We changed the language of my original bill to add training for teachers, because that is what my Republican colleagues wanted. We added language that included local alternative routes. That was directly in relation to the Republicans asking us to put this in the amendment. We worked the wording back and forth and, last October, agreed with Congressman Goodling, Senator Gorton, Senator Kennedy, and others who were in the negotiations, who were representing all of us in those negotiations, to come up with a bipartisan agreement. And it was passed in a bipartisan fashion.  It is now not only extremely timely but necessarily timely that we go back to those districts and tell them that this wasn't just a commitment from October; we are firmly committed to making sure that young children in our schools get the class size reduction that they need to have the ability to learn the skills they need so that we can make a real commitment to education.  Don't just look at me for this. I am a former teacher. I am a former school board member. I am a parent of two students who went through our public schools. I have been out there as a PTA member. I have been a State legislator dealing with education. And I have been on the committee here that deals with education. I have seen education from every angle--from being a teacher, a parent, a school board member, a legislator--and I can tell you that all of those groups, every one of them, know that when you reduce class size you make a difference in a child's learning.  We all agreed on that last October. We all agreed on that language. We said yes, this is a commitment that we need to make as a Federal Government. We looked at the bill and did everything we could, and brought our Republican colleagues into the discussions, so that there were no new reports, there was no additional paperwork, that the money went directly to our school districts so they could hire qualified teachers. We worked this through in a bipartisan fashion.  Today school boards are out there and they are calling my office--I am sure they are calling every office here--saying, ``We are putting our budget together for next year. We are beginning the hiring process to hire our teachers. Is this a commitment that is just a hollow promise, or are you going to follow through?'' Our amendment, a 6-year authorization, says we are going to follow through, that we didn't just do it last October, that we meant it as a commitment, that we as a Congress know that class size reduction is absolutely critical.  Madam President, the President has made this a top priority. The Vice President issued a statement in support of it today. The administration is going to be there with us. We will get class size reduction. We all know that. We know we are debating an amendment now. But the school boards don't know that. They need a commitment now so they can put their budgets together and hire those teachers.  I was a school board member. I can tell you, we didn't deal with promises when I was a school board member. When you are putting the budgets together to hire these teachers, everybody loves you. But you don't want to be the school board member a year from now or 6 months from now who tells those teachers, ``We are going to fire you, let you go.'' They do not care if it was the Federal Government or not. They will come to your school board meeting saying, ``How can you fire our teachers?'' School board members can say, ``Well, the Federal Government didn't follow through on theirpromise.'' But that doesn't make a difference when you are a school board member and you have to go to the grocery store the next day with all the parents who are going to be affected by a decision we made.  Madam President, we made a good, solid commitment. We worked a year, along with our Republican colleagues, to add their language to our proposal. That is what was agreed on last October. That is what we have in front of us today, if we are allowed to offer it. And that is a commitment that we ought to make to parents, to students, and to school boards who are doing their budgets, and to our Government, which is also counting on us to make sure that we have our commitments in order to our young children across this country.  Madam President, I have worked long and hard with my Republican colleagues on this issue. It is an extremely timely and necessary issue. We agree that the Ed-Flex bill is one that we can all agree on. But why not do what is really important in this country on this bill? Why should we be precluded from offering these amendments? If our Republican colleagues now don't agree with those on class size, fine; vote no. But let's let our school board members know. They have a right to know. We have an obligation to tell them. That is why we feel so strongly about offering this amendment.  Again, I offer to my Republican colleagues, we would like to work with you on this. We believe this is a commitment that was made last year that we should stand up to. The administration stands with us. Let's put the words in writing, and then we can go on to other issues.  I heard the chairman of the committee say, ``Well, let's wait until the ESEA is reauthorized.'' I have been here in the Senate for 6 and a half years. I know that reauthorizing a bill, bringing it here to the floor, and having it move forward is no guarantee. I know it could be a year from now. It may not happen. I have seen reauthorizations not agreed to. I want to make sure that our class size allocations don't get lost because we can't get a bill through the floor 6 months from now or 8 months from now. Again, our school boards are hiring teachers. They need to know now. They cannot wait.  I have studies, which I will go through when we get our amendment to the floor, which show that reducing class size makes a difference. I have many, many letters, and I have had phone calls from parents. I have heard from students. I have teachers who would like to have their words be put on the floor of the Senate in support of this proposal. I am hearing from them. I am sure many of our colleagues are as well.  This is an important and timely issue. I sincerely hope that our Republican colleagues will allow us to vote on it. I heard the chairman of the committee, the manager on the floor, talk about the fact that perhaps it would be agreed on now. I again urge you to allow us to vote on it. Let's have the debate.  I heard the chairman talk about the fact that he would second-degree my amendment with legislation to take all of the class size money that was allocated last year and give it to IDEA funding for special education children.  Madam President, I agree with the chairman of the committee, funding for IDEA is absolutely essential. I offered this amendment on the floor during the budget process last year to fund IDEA. I believe in that commitment. But let's not rob those schools of money that we promised them last October for this year to reduce class sizes in first through third grade and give it to IDEA. We can't pit student against student. What an empty promise, to anybody who depends on the future of education, if we come back 6 months later, after a bipartisan agreement has been reached, and say, ``Well, gee, sorry. Politics have changed. We are taking the money that we promised you and giving it to another group.''  Madam President, kids in the first through third grade in school districts, whether they are in Shoreline, or Seattle, or Wanaque, Kentucky, Florida, or any other community, know that reducing class size makes a difference. Ask any parent how many times, when their child comes home on the first day of school--every parent--the first question is, ``How many kids are in your classroom?'' Every parent knows that if the class size is small enough--we are asking for 18 in first through third grade--their child is going to get a good education. If the answer is 32, as it was for a friend of mine just a few days ago in enrolling her child in kindergarten, you know your child is not going to get the help they need and deserve in this country today to get a good education.  Madam President, I will retain the remainder of our time. I am happy to hear what our Republican colleagues say.  But I again offer to them that I am more than willing to have a time agreement on my amendment and an up-or-down vote. I am more than willing to do it in an expeditious fashion. I am positive we could finish the bill in the next 24 hours. With a time agreement on my amendment and the other amendments that I am sure our leader, along with yours, can work out on the floor, we can finish this bill by tomorrow and have the whole bill done in a week. But it will allow us to let people in this country know that this is a commitment we have an obligation to keep.  Madam President, I retain the remainder of my time, and I look forward to the debate, and I again plead with our colleagues to allow us to offer these amendments.  