 President, we all want to solve the problems concerning implementation of the Northwest Forest Plan and the so-called ``survey and manage'' requirements. I have long supported and continue to support the plan and believe it should work as written. Unfortunately, section 329 undermines the important protection and scientific credibility of the forest plan and does not solve the current problems. That's why today I supported the Robb/Cleland amendment to strike section 329 from the fiscal year 2000 Interior appropriations bill.  Recently, a Federal court injunction halted dozens of timber sales in Washington, Oregon, and California. The injunction is not the fault of the timber industry, the environmental community, or the Northwest Forest Plan. The blame rests squarely on the forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). They have failed to undertake the survey and manage requirements of the forest Plan despite having five years in which to do so. The Forest Service and BLM may believe they were meeting the requirements of the forest Plan, but clearly they did not. Unfortunately, the Forest Service and BLM's failure is harming innocent communities and, potentially, species.  The Northwest Forest Plan came out of a time of discorded in the Pacific Northwest. In 1992, our timber industry was shut down by the spotted owl. The Forest Plan was designed to provide industry with a greater assurance regarding timber harvest levels, while also protecting the forests and the species they support.  The Northwest Forest Plan's survey and manage provision was developed by scientists to help land mangers reduce the potential 9mpact of timber harvests and other activities on a wide variety of currently unlisted species, ranging from fungi, to mollusks, to tree voles. The result should have been a management program for the Pacific Northwest national forest that provided for stable timber harvest levels and protection against another spotted own crisis. That hasn't happened.  However, we cannot abandon the Northwest Forest Plan. We especially cannot abandon it without putting in place other ways to protect our forests species and provide a sustainable flow of timber.  Section 329, is not a solution to the failure of federal agencies to meet their survey and manage requirements. The solution lies in the forest Service and BLM getting their acts together and doing what they are required to do. If some of the survey and manage requirements are flawed or unnecessary, we need the Federal agencies and the scientific community to tell us. We can then all work to find a balanced solution. I commit to working with the industry, agencies, environmentalists, and my colleagues to find a way to make the Northwest Forest Plan work.  