 President, I want to join with my colleagues in paying tribute to Senator John Chafee. With his passing this week, the Senate lost a wise and courageous voice. Anyone who spent any time in the Senate could see that Senator Chafee's reputation for honesty and individual conviction were well-deserved.  I want to offer his family my deepest sympathy and my deepest appreciation for sharing him with us for so long. He served as a role model of what a Senator should be.  The more I think about Senator Chafee--the more I realize the qualities that are rare today, were common in the gentleman from Rhode Island. Rare qualities like courage, independence, and a desire to always do what is right.  He often fought alone for what he believed was right. He worked for legislative compromise, but never compromised his own principles.  I was proud to join with him on many important initiatives, and his mark can be found on many of the landmark environmental protection laws enacted in the last twenty years. He was a thoughtful environmentalist--protecting the health and welfare of people, wildlife, and the environment as a whole, while at the same time balancing the needs of the economy. He recognized the fact that the West had a different relationship with its natural resources than the East. His work on clean air, clean water, oil pollution, and endangered species has benefited the entire nation. The people and the environment in my state, 3,000 miles away from Rhode Island, are far better off today, because a man named John Chafee served 23 years in this body.  Senator Chafee was also a consistent and articulate supporter of trade. And on issues like China MFN, he and I worked for the same goals.  Senator Chafee was a champion of women's health care long before it was politically correct. Long before anyone had ever heard of ``soccer moms,'' he stood alone many times to fight for women's health, and he never backed down.  Senator Chafee was also a strong advocate of a woman's right to choose. He was a voice of reason in an increasingly emotional debate. He protected a woman's right to determine her own fate and to make her own health care decisions. He worked to improve access to reproductive health care services and to improve security at women's health clinics. I always took a great deal of comfort knowing he was at the table fighting for women.  Perhaps his greatest commitment was to children, all children. He worked to expand Medicaid to provide health care for milllions of low income children. He fought to protect Medicaid. I know there are milllions of children who are now healthy adults because of the work of Senator Chafee. One of my most vivid memories of Senator Chafee was fighting on the floor in June 1997 to expand health care security for the 10 million uninsured children. He refused to give up his goal, and he refused to pass an empty promise. His work created the successful, bipartisan Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) which ultimately will provide health security for five million children. Think of the kind of impact he will have on the quality of life for these five milllion children.  Mr. President, I believe one of my roles in the Senate is to speak for those that have no voice--children, working families, the environment, battered women, and the elderly. Those are the same causes John Chafee served and served so selflessly. I only hope I can measure up to the standard he set.  When someone like John Chafee--someone with rare personal qualities and a legacy found in the millions of people his policies helped--when someone like that leaves this world, it makes the rest of us reflect on his contribution. Mr. President, this Senate is the poorer for his passing.  