 President, included in the manager's package is an amendment designed to insert the United States Congress into the Bonneville Power Administration's rate setting process. I believe it is unnecessary and potentially counterproductive. Thus, I do not support it and will work to see it stricken in conference.  The BPA next month hopes to initiate the rate case to establish the cost of BPA power and set parameters for funding salmon recovery on the Columbia and Snake Rivers. As currently formulated, the rates established will fund projected fish and wildlife costs through customer rates. The process is working and this amendment could potentially jeopardize it.  I, along with other Democratic members of the Northwest delegation, recently sent a letter to Vice President Gore to reiterate our support for the so-called ``fish funding principles'' agreed to by the Administration and BPA. We sent this letter in response to a staff memo initiated by the National Marine FIsheries Service and the Environmental Protection Agency, recommending BPA charge its customers higher rates so it could establish a ``slush fund'' to pay the enormous cost of removing or breeching the four lower Snake River dams. As my colleagues know, there has been no decision that these dams should be removed and therefore there is no need to begin saving for such a controversial plan. Our letter firmly opposed collecting money from ratepayers for costs that may or may not be incurred in the future. Specifically, we opposed ``prepayment of speculative future costs, particularly if those costs are contingent upon congressional action.''  There is no movement afoot by the Administration or BPA to establish such a slush fund. So, there is not a problem to solve regarding slush funds for dam removal.  However, we do have a problem to solve: saving our wild salmon. We are committed as a region and as a nation to doing so. These skirmishes over staff memos and rumors simply divide us and divert our attention from the real problems we must solve; the real creative solutions we must fund; the real consensus we must forge. I fear an unintended consequence of this amendment may be to reduce our region's ability to solve this problem on its own.  So, Mr. President, this amendment is not helpful. That said, I know I do not have the votes to prevent its inclusion in this bill and thus have worked with Senator Gorton to modify it to make it more acceptable. The amendment now will apply only to this fiscal year, instead of continuing in perpetuity. In addition, the BPA Administration now must set rates with the ``fish funding principles'' agreed to by the Administration and BPA in mind.  Let me conclude by reiterating that we have a process working to set rates for BPA customers, which I firmly believe will achieve the vital goal of helping us save fish, and will allow full public and stakeholder involvement. This amendment is unnecessary and diversionary. I look forward to working with Senator Gorton and the Administration to get this language dropped from the bill in conference committee.  