 President, I am pleased to bring before the Senate this conference report on the fiscal year 2000 military construction appropriations bill--the first of the 13 regular appropriations bills to be completed this year.  This is a good bill, leaner than we would wish but sufficient to meet the Services' most pressing military construction needs, particularly in terms of readiness and quality of life projects. The projects funded in this bill will give the men and women of our armed forces--and their families--a wide array of improved facilities in which to work, to train, and to live.  In my home state of Washington, for example, this bill provides nearly $129 million in funding for 16 different military construction projects plus $9 million for Army family housing at Fort Lewis.  Congress was faced with a difficult situation this year when the Pentagon, in a radical departure from regular procedure, requested incremental funding for the entire slate of fiscal year 2000 military construction projects. Thanks to the cooperation of Chairman Stevens and Ranking Member Byrd, and to the efforts of Senator Burns on theSubcommittee, it didn't happen. What's more, we included language in our Committee report directing the Administration to fully fund all military construction requests in future budgets.  Unfortunately, this bill reflects a continued decline in the amount of money that is being allocated to military construction. This year's bill is funded at a level of $8.374 billion, which is $76 million less than the fiscal year 1999 bill. And this is at a time when funding for the Defense appropriations bill is heading toward a major increase. Military construction does not have the glamour of some of the gee whiz, high-tech items in the defense bill, but it is an integral part of readiness and quality of life in the military. If military construction is underfunded, we will wind up undercutting our nation's war fighting capability. We must not allow that to occur.  We will continue to fight the good fight for military construction dollars, ably led by our chairman, Senator Burns, who is an extremely effective advocate for the needs of the military and a pleasure to work with on the Committee. I thank Senator Burns, and Senators Stevens and Byrd, for their unflagging support, and I also thank the Subcommittee staff for their hard work on this bill.  This is a good bipartisan conference report, and I urge my colleagues to accept it so that it can be sent to the President without delay and become the first fiscal year 2000 regular appropriations bills to be signed into law.  