 President, today we have an opportunity to discuss passage of the first education legislation of the 106th Congress. My sincere hope is that this is only the first step in bipartisan agreement about the path we are traveling toward improving America's schools.  The Education Flexibility Partnership Act itself is not an earth-shaking proposal. Essentially, for a set of provisions under a list of Federal programs, school districts will be able to get waivers from their States instead of having to ask Secretary Riley. Since Secretary Riley grants these waivers fairly routinely, some might ask why we need this bill. There has been so much talk about the great things this bill contains that I just want to clarify what we are talking about.  Within the bill, we are not reducing paperwork or bureaucracy or cost or time spent away from the classroom. You will hear from some of my colleagues that this bill does all those things and probably many other claims. To some people, Ed-Flex has become the great tonic that will fix all the ailments of our schools.  I want you to notice something that Senator Frist has mentioned that I agree with. Ed-Flex is not a silver bullet or a panacea. It will not solve all the challenges our schools face.  The important part of the message that does not always get through is that no effort in the Congress or in your local school is that silver bullet or that panacea. The problems that affect today's schools, as we saw yesterday in Colorado, are never easy to solve. They are always more complex than a sound bite. Always.  Each part of the American school community, from classroom to committee room, must do its part. Every student, every family, every educator, every community leader, every local school board, every State government, and every national policymaker--all of us must do what we can.  The language of the Ed-Flex bill does not really provide any direct relief to any of these problems. All it really does is say that in addition to asking Secretary Riley for a waiver from a provision of a Federal program, you can now ask your State officials.  So why would someone like me, someone who is a parent, a preschool teacher, a former school board member, why would I come to the Senate Chamber and proclaim that we should pass the Ed-Flex bill? Because it can help change thinking, and that is a vital and important goal.  Education flexibility is an important idea and concept. If, by passing this expansion of the education flexibility program, we can change the thinking in just one community about what steps they can take to improve their local public school, then that is a major victory.  Too many local decisions, things that would directly improve the learning of hundreds of children, are stopped before they get started. The message this Congress needs to say to local communities is, if you have a proven, effective way to improve learning for your students and you have your community behind you and you are willing to be held accountable for the results, we should be doing everything we can to get the obstacles out of your way.  Sometimes the obstacle is a Federal law or regulation. Sometimes the obstacle is a State law or a State regulation. Sometimes the obstacle is a local school board policy that needs to be changed. Sometimes the obstacle is the bus schedule or the school lunch schedule or the sports schedule. Sometimes, believe it or not, the obstacle to improvement does not have anything to do with education law or with government at all.  Whatever the obstacles are, we all have a responsibility to do what is best for the students by holding the school accountable and helping them get the obstacles out of the way.  My belief is that we should all be thanking Senator Wyden and Senator Frist, Senator Kennedy and Senator Jeffords for giving us an opportunity with this bill to help change thinking across this Nation, to remind communities that they have more power than they know to make improvements in their schools, and to say in a meaningful way that their Federal Government is their partner in making their best schools better or in helping their struggling schools to thrive.  There are plenty of great schools and plenty of great thinking out there right now without any further action on our part. But this bill will encourage the discussion that is happening at every local school about how to improve student learning and how to get even our best schools performing at higher levels. Great thinking alone will not do it.  That brings me back to my statement that although the Ed-Flex bill is the first education bill in this Congress, it cannot be the last, because what local school communities need more than flexibility are the resources and support to do something positive with it.  The Ed-Flex bill alone will not give your students more individual attention in the classroom. The Ed-Flex bill alone will not stop up a leak in your school's roof, unless it is a very small one. The Ed-Flex bill alone will not improve teacher training or any number of other important issues that real people across this Nation have to deal with every day, which is why it is important for me and many of my colleagues to start the larger debate about education with this bill.  We know we will not have many opportunities this year. This Congress must continue to address the very real needs of school communities. The public school is a powerful engine for social improvement and equity of opportunity. Millions of Americans have created lives that were measurably better in all ways than that of their parents because of something they learned in a public school.  As communities continue to update and improve and redesign their own public schools to meet the changing needs of our economy and society, they will need a very real, measurable investment from the other members of this great community we call our Nation.  We must continue our important national investment in reducing class size by helping communities to hire 100,000 well-trained, high-quality teachers. We must do everything we can to improve the professional development and ongoing education of our teachers to make sure they are ready for each challenge they face with each student each day they enter the classroom.  We must use every tax bill this year as a vehicle to help school communities modernize their school buildings and technology capabilities.  None of these, nor the many other important investments we should make, should be seen as a silver bullet or a panacea. But when you give local communities the freedom from regulation that we continue by expanding the education flexibility program today, and then combine that flexibility with the very real investment in the communities' ability to hire good people, to improve school buildings, to pay for improvements to the teaching process, and to choose the very best educational tools possible, then you are doingsomething really big, then we are talking about a major investment in our Nation's future which will pay off for us in many ways--reduced crime, more economic opportunity for people, the improved well-being of our neediest citizens, better citizenship, stronger communities with an improved quality of life for all of us.  That is why I and my colleagues have come to the debate on the Ed-Flex bill and also talked about the other important national investments we must make and continue to make in our schools.  In the process, there have arisen some threats to that overall, more important national effort. There was an amendment to this bill that would have undone the very important, vital, bipartisan agreement we all came to last year in helping communities reduce class size. If that amendment had prevailed, we would have seen communities--communities that are now struggling to put together their budgets for next year--we would have seen them forced to make some very ugly choices in school board meetings that already have enough disagreement and contention.  The good news is, that amendment which would have forced school districts to pit special education and regular education students against each other has been dropped. In its place, we have bipartisan language which will allow more flexibility to the very small school districts who have already reduced class size. That is progress.  This year, we can have the opportunity to debate class size reduction and many other efforts to improve communities' abilities to improve their schools. My hope is that we take that opportunity. My hope is that we have a full discussion and make some compromises and get to further progress.  Passing the Ed-Flex bill is a good first step. Continuing with our effort to leverage class size reduction across the Nation will be a good next step because school boards are making those decisions now. Moving forward on school construction this year will be another good move.  Increasing funding for special education by at least $500 million will be another step towards progress. Improving the resources communities have to improve teacher training will be progress. We should reauthorize the elementary and secondary school bill this year, just as we are scheduled to do.  We must continue talking and working. It is what the American people expect of us. It is our responsibility.  We must increase flexibility and resources at the same time. People want their schools to have the freedom to act and the funds to pay for it. Most people are, frankly, shocked by the fact that less than 2 percent of our overall national spending goes to education. We must make that a higher priority. We have started our work. Now let's continue and do our part in the great partnership we call America's public schools.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I reserve the remainder of our time.  