 President.  Mr. President, before the body at this time is an amendment on education. We have heard from this floor many times over the course of this Congress that education is a priority. And that is a fact; it is a priority here in the Senate. I am delighted to say that. It is certainly a priority for thousands of families across the country who have children in school who want them to get a good education. But it is also a priority for many businesses who want to make sure that we are educating young people today in order to give them the skills they need to be able to hire them. It is a priority for our police officers and the community leaders, because they know that investing in education and making sure that young people get what they need in ourschools means the safety, the health, and the viability of our country for many years to come.  The pending amendment talks about education. But talking about education is not what our constituents are asking for. They are asking for us to invest in education. We can all talk about quality, but unless we provide the resources for those schools out there, we will not be providing them with the kind of education they have to have in order for our country to be strong in the future. The amendment that my colleagues, Senator Kennedy and Senator Dodd, have introduced offers us a way to do that.  Too often on this floor we have set up challenges between different funding. We can either support IDEA funding for special education, or we can support teacher quality, or class size. The amendment that Senator Kennedy will offer at a later time provides us with the alternative to make sure that we do provide the funds for special education under IDEA and complete the promise we have made to young students and teachers and communities to reduce class size. It simply says that this is an investment we are going to make.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It will make a difference in our classrooms across this country.  Mr. President, too often we are told that we are providing a tax cut and returning money to the people. I can think of no better way to return money to our constituents than by investing it in education so that our young people get the skills they need, so they can get jobs and become a viable part of our economy in the future. A budget is not just about putting dollars out there today, it is making good investment so that our budgets will be strong in the future.  That is why I am going to support the Kennedy amendment, which gives actual real resources to our students, and not just another empty promise and another way of moving bureaucratic paper around.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield my time back to the Senator from Massachusetts.  