 President, I am pleased to join with my Democratic colleagues in introducing this important legislation. In the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, we reformed the Medicare program to extend its solvency. In the past year, we have seen the dramatic and negative impact of those reforms on patients and health care providers. The bill we are introducing today will fix those unintended consequences and will ensure that millions of seniors have access to high quality health care. I urge the Republican leadership to act on it before we adjourn for the year.  Two years ago, the Medicare Program was in serious trouble--facing bankruptcy within 5 years. We had to make substantial changes to the program to extend its solvency. It was a painful and difficult process, but we made changes intended to slow the growth of Medicare expenditures.  And overall, it worked. Medicare is still functioning and is on a more sound financial footing.  But the revisions we implemented went too far. Let me give you an example. Based on the estimates we had at the time, our changes were supposed to reduce the overall growth in Medicare expenditures by $100 billion over 10 years. In reality, the changes we enacted will result in more than $200 billion in lost Medicare revenue for health care providers over the same period. This was not the order of change I supported.  And today we see that those revisions are hurting our health care providers and making it more difficult for them to give patients the high quality care they need.  When I meet with health care providers in my state, this is their top concern. Each day we delay making these corrections, we make it harder for them to ensure that quality health care is available to millions of seniors.  I have heard from hundreds of hospital administrators, home health care workers, doctors, rehabilitation therapists, teaching hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and hospice providers. For example, I've received letters from Providence General Medical Center in Everett, Washington, from hospital caregivers at Prosser Memorial Hospital, from the University of Washington's School of Medicine and from hundreds of others. They have shared with me the impact of the 1997 changes and what it means for patient care. I believe the situation is critical.  If we fail to correct this, we will see hospitals closing. We will see home health agencies turning away patients. We will see skilled nursing facilities unable to take complex patients. We will see a devastated rural health system. Our health care system is in jeopardy.  The bill we are introducing today will go a long way toward correcting some of the unintended consequences of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. I worked with my Democratic colleagues in drafting what I believe is a reasonable bill that provides immediate relief to hospitals, home health care agencies, skilled nursing facilities and hospice care to ensure that seniors in this country have access to quality, affordable health care services. The bill we have put forth is modest. It is not a cure-all, but it addresses the most pressing challenges. This is not about repealing the fiscal discipline imposed in BBA97. This is about adjusting the changes we made to reflect the current estimates. Our bill fixes the problems and provides legislative remedies. It does not jeopardize the solvency of Medicare. We can and should make changes to improve access and ensure access without jeopardizing solvency.  There is still much we have to address from quality care to affordable health insurance to prescription drugs. However, if the hospitals close or seniors are denied quality care, the ability to pay is not an issue. The very foundation of our health care system is at stake. This legislation is long overdue. We need to pass it and make the Medicare Program function better today.  Mr President, at the same time, we cannot forget that the entire Medicare Program will run out of money in 2015. So, I want to remind my colleagues there is still much work to be done to ensure Medicare remains a stable program that our children will be able to count on for their health care.  Mr. President, from my point of view, this Congress has failed on too many vital issues this year. This Congress failed to pass a real Patients' Bill of Rights--that would put patients and doctors, not insurance companies, in charge of their medical decisions. Earlier this week, this Senate failed our children, by cutting our commitment to putting 100,000 teachers in the classroom to reduce the size of our overcrowded classrooms. This Congress failed to help our farmers, and all those facing too many challenges in rural America. Let me just say, that I am not giving up or letting up on any of those fights--because they are too important. And let's not forget that this Congress even failed to do one of its most basic work--passing our appropriations bill on time, with real numbers--not gimmicks.  Mr. President, it is high time we bring some good news back to our constituents. I want my hospitals and health care providers, as well as the senior citizens in Washington State, to know I have heard their concerns and I recognize the dangerous implications of BBA97 on health care. It is high timewe show them we see the problems facing Medicare, we understand them, and we are acting to fix them. It is high time we move on our priorities. This is one of them. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  