 President, my colleagues have clearly spelled out the intent and necessity of this amendment so I will not take much time to go through its benefits. I came to the floor simply to urge my Republican colleagues to really think about how much more protection this amendment provides their constituents than their bill does.  The so-called access to speciality care provisions in the Republican bill are nothing more than a statement on the importance of speciality care. They do not guarantee the care; they simply reiterate current insurance practices.  During committee consideration of this legislation, a similar amendment was offered to ensure access to specialists and to ensure that patients could designate a specialist as their ``care coordinator.'' During that debate in committee, we heard a great deal about training and experience. We were told how an oncologist was a trained specialist in treating cancer regardless of the age or gender of the patient. We were told a neurologist was a trained specialist regardless of the age or gender of the patient. We were told the training was the same and practice experience was not important.  I find this hard to believe, I ask my colleagues again: is there a difference between treating a child with cancer and treating an adult? Are the treatment regimes for a 3-year-old with a brain tumor the same as those for a 50-year-old? I doubt it. It seems likely to me that a cancer treatment regime for a 50-year-old could kill a 3-year-old. That treatment could render the child disabled or seriously impair his or her developmental progress.  I urge my colleagues to talk to people at their children's hospitals, to their pediatricians, to their ob/gyns and to their cancer specialists. I have. And what I heard was that patients need to see the specialists most qualified and trained to deal with them and their specific illnesses.  If your child had a brain tumor, would you want to be told there are no pediatric neurosurgeons or pediatric oncologists in your network, but that on page 215 of your physician directory you will find a list of the oncologists approved by the plan? I certainly wouldn't. I would want a specialist trained in pediatrics.  The Republican bill does not allow for access to speciality care. It is that simple. You can say it does and in fact some of my colleagues may hope it does, but it does not. I can assure my colleagues that the language in both the bill and the committee report will allow plans--not your specialist--to make the final determination on access and treatment.  Here is what the committee report says:       This section would NOT prevent a plan from requiring that      the specialists adhere to a treatment plan if it: (1) is      developed by the specialist in consultation with the patient      and the patient's primary care provider; (2) is approved by      the plan; and (3) meets the quality assurance and utilization      review standards of the plan.  What does this mean?  It means that if the patient is lucky enough to get a specialist, that specialist--who is a trained and qualified doctor--could be required to meet the plan's treatment standards. So maybe you could see a specialist, but you might not be allowed to be treated by one.  Yesterday we offered the Robb/Murray amendment to allow women direct access to their ob/gyns. It was defeated.  Today we are offering a broader amendment in the hopes of giving all insured Americans the hope that they can get the best care possible for their sick or injured child. If we do not adopt this amendment, once again the patient loses and the insurance company wins.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and yield back my time.  