 President, this is the Murray-Snowe amendment that concerns our brave young women who serve in the military and their right to pay for their own safe, reproductive health care services. I am here today, again joined by Senator Snowe and many others, to offer our amendment to protect military personnel and their dependents' access to safe, affordable, and legal reproductive health care services.  That is exactly what this amendment is all about--access to safe, affordable, and legal reproductive health care services. That is why the Department of Defense supports this amendment, as does the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. The Department of Defense recognizes that it has a responsibility to ensure the safety of all of its troops, including our women.  Many of you may wonder why Senator Snowe and I continue to offer this amendment year after year. Why don't we just give up? Let me tell my colleagues, the reason I come to the floor every year during the Department of Defense authorization bill is to continue to educate in the hope that a majority of you will finally stand up for all military personnel.  As I have in the past, I come here today to urge my colleagues to guarantee to all military personnel and their dependents the same rights and guarantees that are enjoyed by all American citizens. These rights should not stop at our border. We should not ask military service women to surrender their rights to safe, affordable, legal reproductive health care services because they have made a commitment to serve our country.  Many of our military personnel serve in hostile areas in countries that do not provide safe and legal abortion services. Military personnel and their families should not be forced to seek back-alley abortions, or abortions in facilities that do not meet the same standards that we expect and demand in this country. In many countries, women who seek abortions do so at great risk of harm. It is a terrifying process.  I heard from a service woman in Japan who was forced to go off base to seek a legal abortion. Unfortunately, there was no guarantee of the quality of care, and the language barrier placed her at great risk. She had no way of understanding questions that were asked of her, and she had no way of communicating her questions or concerns during the procedure. Is that the kind of care that we want our service personnel to receive? Don't they deserve better? I am convinced that they do.  This amendment is not--let me repeat is not--about Federal funding of abortions. The woman herself would be responsible for the cost of her care, not the taxpayer. This amendment simply allows women who are in our services to use existing military facilities that exist already to provide health care to active-duty personnel and their families. These clinics and hospitals are already functioning. There would be no added burden.  I also want to point out that this amendment would not change the current conscience clause for medical personnel. Health care professionals who object to providing safe and legal health care services to women could still refuse to perform them. Nobody in the military would be forced to perform any procedure he or she objects to as a matter of conscience.  For those of you who are concerned about Federal funding, I argue that current practice and policy results in more direct expenditures of Federal funds than simply allowing a woman herself to pay for the cost of this service at the closest medical military facility.  Today, when a woman in the military needs an abortion or wants an abortion, she first has to approach her duty officer to request from him or her medical leave. Then she has to ask for transport to a U.S. base with access to legal abortion-related services. Her duty officer has to grant the request, remove her from active duty, and transport her to the United States. This is an expensive, taxpayer-funded, and inefficient system. Not only is there cost of transportation, but there is cost to military readiness when active personnel is removed for an extended period of time.  As we all know, women are no longer simply support staff in the military. Women command troops and are in key military readiness positions. Their contributions are beyond dispute. While women serve side by side with their male counterparts, they are subjected to archaic and mean-spirited health care restrictions. Women in the military deserve our respect and they deserve better treatment.  In addition to the cost and the loss of personnel, we have to ask: What is the impact on the woman's health? A woman who is stationed overseas can be forced to delay the procedure for several weeks until she can get her travel to the United States where she can get safe, adequate, legal health care. For many women, every week an abortion is delayed is a risk to her health.  Why should a woman who is serving our country in the military be placed at a greater risk than a woman who is not serving in the military?  In talking about this amendment, I am often struck by how little some of my colleagues know about restrictions on reproductive health care services in many other countries. Many of my colleagues may be surprised to learn that in some countries abortions are illegal, and punishment is swift and brutal--not just against the provider but against the woman as well. In these cases, a back-alley abortion can be deadly. Not only are they risking their own health, but they are also risking their own safety and well-being.  We are talking about women who are serving us overseas in the military. Why should we put our military personnel in this kind of danger?  We are fortunate in this country, because abortion is an extremely safe procedure when it is performed by trained medical professionals. However, in the hands of untrained medical professionals in unsterilized facilities abortion can be dangerous and risky to a woman's health. The care that we expect--actually the care that we demand--is simply not universal.  Regardless of what some of my colleagues may think about the constitutional ruling that guarantees a womana right to a safe abortion without unnecessary burdens and obstacles, it is the law of our land. Roe v. Wade provides women in this country with a certain right and a guarantee. While some may oppose this right to choose, the Supreme Court and a majority of Americans support this right. However, active-duty servicewomen who are stationed overseas today surrender that right when they make the decision to volunteer and to defend all of us.  It is sadly ironic that we send them overseas to protect our rights, yet in the process we take their rights away from them.  I urge my colleagues to simply give women in the military the same protection whether they serve in the United States or overseas. Please allow women the right to make choices without being forced to violate their privacy, and, worse, jeopardize their health. This is and must be a personal decision. Women should not be subjected to the approval or disapproval of their coworkers or their superiors. This decision should be made by the woman in consultation with her doctor.  The amendment that is before us simply upholds the Supreme Court decision. It is not about Federal funding. It is not about forcing those who constitutionally object to providing these services. It is simply about the degree that we recognize the role of women in the military and whether we give them the respect that I argue they deserve.  Mr. President, I yield to my colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, what time she would like to use.  