  Mr. President, I was out here earlier today to talk about the issue of class size. And we are currently discussing the Ed-Flex bill which is a bill that simply means the Federal Government transfers its paperwork to the State governments in terms of flexibility in allowing the school districts to have waivers for different requirements, which I do not oppose, and I think a number of our colleagues will support that.  But what is really expected of us in today's world, where parents and students and teachers and business leaders and community leaders are asking us to deal with education, is to deal with issues that really make a difference in the classroom and in learning.  I will be offering my amendment, as a 6-year effort, to help school districts hire 100,000 new, well-trained teachers in grades 1 through 3. I talked a little bit about that this morning. I wanted to come to the floor this afternoon because one of the questions surrounding reducing class size is whether it is really connected to learning.  When I offer my amendment, I will be talking about four different issues which I think are important reasons that we do this:  First, that it is a bipartisan effort. This is an effort that we began last October. It was supported by Democrats and Republicans. It was supported in both Houses, and it was supported by the administration. We all told our school districts across this country we were going to help them reduce class size. They are now putting their budgets together, and we need to show them that in a bipartisan way we are going to continue this partnership and reduce class size.  Second, I will be talking about research. I will be talking more about that in just a minute. So I will come back to that.  The third reason to do this is that there is broad public support. I hear from law enforcement officers, I hear from business leaders, I hear from teachers, I hear from school board members, I hear from parents, in particular, and I hear from young people that reducing class size is critical and that we need to be a part of the solution on this.  Finally, I will next week talk about the fact that there is a compelling policy reason to pass this amendment now. That is because school districts across this country, school board members, are making their decisions about their budgets right now. They need to know whether last October was just a fluke. Was last October just a political message because of the election or are we really committed to class size reduction?  I will be talking about all of those arguments next week. But this afternoon I really want to focus on the research because I think it is very important that we show why class size reduction really works.  Mr. President, I have behind me a chart which shows that K-12 enrollments are at record levels. That is why we need to deal with this issue. If you will look, we have gone from 45,000 in 1985 and will go all the way up to just under 55,000 in the year 2005. Our school districts are dealing with jammed class sizes, and they are going to get worse if we do not begin to deal with this issue.  All last year, when I talked about my amendment on class size reduction, I talked about research and what it shows. I referenced a 1989 study that was done of the Tennessee STAR Program, which compared the performance of students in grades K through 3 in small and regular-sized classes. They found that students in small classes significantly outperformed other students in math and reading; every year, at all grade levels, across all geographic areas, students performed better in math and reading.  Ask any businessman out there, ask anybody who is hiring a student, ask any teacher, ask any professional, and they will tell you, we need to focus on math and reading in our young students. Reducing class size makes a difference. We knew that from the 1989 study.  A followup study of that STAR Program in 1995 found that students in small classes in grades K through 3 continued to outperform their peers at least through grade 8. They followed these kids, if they started in 1989, and they continued into 1995 outperforming their peers, with achievement advantages especially large for minority students.  Other State and local studies have since found that students in smallerclasses outperform their peers in reading and math, perform as well or better than students in magnet or voucher schools, and that gains are especially significant among African American males.  Mr. President, many of our colleagues have come to the floor decrying the state of education and talking about the performance of our students in math and in reading. Small class sizes make a difference; students perform better. A 1997 national study by Educational Testing Service found that smaller class sizes raise average achievement for students in fourth- and eighth-grade math, especially for low-income students in ``high-cost'' regions.  Particularly of note in the 1997 ETS study was the finding that in eighth grade the achievement effect comes about through the better discipline and learning environment that the smaller class size produces. As policymakers try to make decisions that will affect students in the critical years of middle school, class size makes a difference in terms of behavior and academic achievement. Class size in those early grades transfers to better achievement in the middle grades.  Mr. President, there is good news. These students who were followed in 1985 have continued to be followed, and many of them have now graduated or are just graduating. And last week--just last week--on February 25, I received letters from the head researchers who have been studying the success of the STAR project. As of June of 1998, most of the students from STAR have graduated. A pilot study showed that ``more [of these] students from small classes [in the early grades] had enrolled in college-bound courses (foreign languages, advanced math and science), and had higher grade point averages than students who attended regular or regular-aide classrooms.  ``The findings also suggested that small-class students''--students who have been in small class sizes in the early grades --``progress through school with fewer special education classes, fewer discipline problems, lower school dropout rates, and lower retention rates than their peers who had attended regular-size and regular-size classrooms with teacher aides.''  Mr. President, they are now showing us that not only did it make a difference when they were in kindergarten, first, second, and third grades because they were in a small class size, but it made a difference when they graduated. It made a difference on whether or not they went on to college. It made a difference with their grades. It made a difference with their learning.  I have behind me a quote from a letter by Helen Pate-Bain and Jayne Boyd-Zaharias, who were part of the STAR research. They said, ``We can say with full confidence that the findings of this landmark study fully support class size reduction.'' These are the researchers who have been following these young kids who are now graduating. And they began in early grades some years ago.  They said students from small classes--this is what their research shows--enrolled in more college-bound courses, such as foreign languages and advanced math and science. These were kids who came from small classes. They were confident when they graduated. They knew these tough subjects. And they felt qualified to go on and enroll in tougher courses as they went on, because they had a smaller class size when they were younger. They learned the skills they needed. They got the confidence they needed. They had the one-on-one with an adult that allowed them to go on to these kinds of courses. Students from small classes had a higher grade point average. They did better in school. Learning, small classes: Completely connected. They had fewer discipline problems.  You can ask why. I can tell you as a former teacher and a parent of kids in public schools and having been out there many, many times with young kids, when you pay attention to a child when they are having a discipline problem, and you deal with it directly, then you can move on and not continue to have a child with a discipline problem. If you are in a large class with 30 kids, you can't pay attention enough to those kids who have learning difficulties or who are just needing attention, and they tend to be discipline problems later. And this study backs this up. Students from small classes have fewer discipline problems.  Finally, they had a lower dropout rate. These students from small classes stayed in school. Students in smaller classes, especially minorities and low-income students, are more likely to take college admission tests. The chart shows this. The graph on the left is large classes; on the right is small classes. Looking at all students, if you were in a small class, you are much more likely to take college admission tests.  Students in smaller classes had significantly higher grades in English, math and science. Again, how many times have we heard from our colleagues on the floor that we need to make significant gains in learning, particularly in English, math and science. Talk to any business leader today. They will tell you they are looking to hire students who come out of our K-12 programs who have a good, solid background in English, math and science. Smaller classes meant higher grades in every part of the study.  Dr. Krueger said:       These results suggest that reducing class size in the early      grades for at least one year--especially for minority or low-     income students--generates the most bang for the buck.  No surprise.  I will be offering an amendment to make our commitment to reduce class size continue over the next 6 years. This is a commitment we made last October. We need to continue to stand behind it.  We have teachers, we have school boards, we have communities, we have businesses, we have young students out there today who know what these studies show--that it will make a difference if we reduce class size. We need to do this now. We need to keep our commitment.  It is going to be bipartisan. If we don't get it done today, I will keep doing it until we get it done, because it is the right thing to do. We hear a lot of rhetoric on the floor about education. We hear that we need to make a difference. My amendment will make a difference. Ask any parent, ask any teacher, ask any student.  I thank my colleague from Vermont for yielding me the time, and I look forward to the debate we will have next week on this amendment.  