 President,  Again, I thank my colleague from Virginia, Senator Robb, and all of the women and men on the Democratic side who have come out to speak for the Robb-Murray-Mikulski-Boxer amendment, which is so essential to women in this country.  I am astounded that the Republicans have fled the Chamber and have not returned to either agree with us in fighting for women's health or to explain why they are going to vote no.  I was astounded in committee when I offered this amendment and it was defeated on a partisan vote. Where are our colleagues on the Republican side who have come before us so many times and said that they are going to be there at the Race for the Cure? Where are the men of the Senate, when they have been there so many times, saying: You bet we stand for women's health.  This is a women's health issue. Young girls go to a pediatrician until they are 12, 13, or 14. At that time, they change doctors, not a primary care physician but an OB/GYN. Why should they be subjected now to HMO rules that say: We are going to change this, and you are going to have to go to a primary care physician in order to be sent to an OB/GYN? OB/GYNs are our primary care physicians.  As I stated this morning, if you are pregnant and have a serious cold or ear infection, or any other challenging problem that develops when you are pregnant, you will be given a different medication, a different procedure that you need to go through than if you are not pregnant.  Your OB/GYN is your primary care physician from the time you are a teenager until the time you reach menopause, whether you are there because you are pregnant or there because a physician is examining you to determine treatment. But you are there. The OB/GYN is your primary care physician. This amendment will guarantee it.  As Senator Mikulski so eloquently stated, a woman who has a mastectomy should not be sent home too soon whether she is 25 years old or 80 years old. In this country, on a daily basis, women are sent home too soon because it is considered, by HMOs, to be cosmetic surgery. This is not cosmetic surgery. A mastectomy is serious surgery. Women should be sent home when their doctor determines they are able to go home. That is what this amendment is about.  We urge our colleagues on the other side to vote with us, to join with us in being for women's health care.  I thank my colleagues who have been here to debate this issue. I especially thank Senator Robb, who has been a champion for all of us. I look forward, obviously, to the adoption of this amendment since no one has spoken out against it.  