 President, I come to the floor to urge my Colleagues to support the pending Wellstone amendment. I want to thank Senator Wellstone for his efforts on behalf of battered spouses in the military and commend him for his diligence on this issue.  As many of you know, both Senator Wellstone and I have worked hard to address the needs of victims of domestic violence. Stopping domestic violence should be a priority regardless of whether or not the batterer is a civilian or member of the military. Unfortunately, we have not yet done enough to protect military dependants who are victims of abuse.  The Wellstone amendment would protect the privacy of military dependent's medical and counseling records. Currently, dependents of the military are not afforded the same assumption of privacy as civilian are for their medical records. If a spouse of a member of the military is battered and she seeks health care services for the treatment of the abuse, her records should not become public where they could later be used against her.  We know one of the most important factors for domestic violence victims is privacy. If a battered woman seeks help in an emergency room or through a counselor, her medical records remain private. The records cannot be released without her consent. This assumption of privacy is crucial for women to come forward and ask for help. Because there is no assumption of privacy for military dependents, the chances that these women to will seek medical help and counseling is severely reduced.  We have heard from advocates that work with battered military dependents. They have seen how this lack of privacy protection affects their ability to help victims of domestic violence and their children. They have told us that this change is necessary and important. I urge my Colleagues to listen to the recommendations of those who are truly on the front lines in preventing domestic violence. They know this is the right thing to do.  This amendment has been adopted in the past by the Senate and I urge my Colleagues to again send the message to battered military dependents that they should never fear seeking medical help or counseling and that they do not have to remain in violent, abusive relationships.  I urge my Colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this amendment.  