 I have to say, I have listened to the debate over the past week, and we are coming to the last several minutes. We are going to be voting at 5 o'clock whether or not to have cloture on the Ed-Flex bill that is before us. If cloture is invoked, essentially what will happen is, all of the education amendments we have been talking about--class size reduction, dropout prevention, parent accountability that Senator Reed of Rhode Island just talked about, afterschool care--we will be precluded from offering these amendments.  I have been out here for the last week ready to offer my amendment on reducing class size, willing to work with my Republican colleagues on a time agreement, willing to do what we needed to do in terms of any language that they would like to be amended or changed, but knowing that school boards across this country are waiting for us to make a decision on whether or not we are actually going to authorize reducing class size and make a firm commitment to putting 100,000 new, well-trained teachers in classrooms.  Madam President, I have to say that I am baffled as we come into the last several minutes before we vote on cloture. We worked very hard last year, last fall, as we put the budget agreement together, to put together a bipartisan agreement on class size, and we got that. Republicans and Democrats alike said yes, we are going to make a commitment to reduce class size in the first through third grade. We agree with what the studies show. We agree with what parents are asking us to do. We understand that it makes a difference in the learning of a child in the first, second, and third grade if they are in a class size that is reduced. We understand that their grades will be better as they get into high school. We understand that discipline problems will be reduced. We understand they will have a better and higher likelihood of going on to college. We understand that as the Federal Government we need to reach out and be a part of the solution and give a commitment of dollars to those school districts to hire teachers. It was a bipartisan agreement. I am baffled today by my Republican colleagues who now no longer are supporting this.  Last fall I watched the campaign and elections, and, as did many in my State, I am sure, I watched the ads from the Republicans saying they support reduced class size. Madam President, this is our opportunity to vote to authorize this program and really say we are committed to doing this. It will make a difference. It is absolutely essential. It is important that we be a part of this.  Over the last 6\1/2\ years that I have been here, I have listened to a number of my colleagues come to the floor to speak as ``a businessperson who has run a major million-dollar business.'' I have listened to my colleagues, who come here as former Governors or former attorneys general or former State legislators, talk about their experience in their fields. Madam President, I stand before you today as a former teacher. I can tell you that it makes a difference whether you have 18 students in your class or you have 24 or you have 30. It makes a difference whether or not you have the ability to take that one young boy or girl and help that child really get his or her alphabet down so that child can read later, or if you ignore that child and say, ``Gosh, I really would like to help, but I have 30 kids here and there are winners and losers.''  Those young children you cannot help because your class size is too large still grow up. They go on to high school. They probably don't go on to college. They become failures at an early grade.  We have a responsibility. We actually have an ability right now to send a message to those little boys and girls, to young students, to teachers, that we are going to give them the attention they need in first, second and third grade. Our amendment authorizes a 6-year investment in helping school districts hire 100,000 well-trained teachers. If we follow through on this commitment I guarantee, as a former teacher, as a parent, as a school board member, that 12 years from now we will haveyoung boys and girls, young students, graduating from high school who will be competent in reading, writing and math, because they were in a class with a size we helped reduce today.  If we do not make that commitment, there will be kids who may not graduate from high school, may have discipline problems, will not go on to college. They will become a burden to all of us. They will not be able to get a job in the high-tech industries that are saying, we need highly skilled students who graduate. They will not be able to compete and go on to college. They will become economically disadvantaged, and the Senate will be here, 12 years from now, wondering how we, as a nation, are going to be able to afford to continue to help kids who we didn't help 12 years ago.  Madam President, we have an opportunity to vote on this amendment and on the amendments of several of my colleagues who have made very good, strong arguments about what we can do to make education better in this country; reducing class size, training teachers, school construction, afterschool programs--real issues that will help young students. We will have the opportunity to do that if the majority leader will only allow us to offer our amendments.  We should not be precluded on the floor of the U.S. Senate from offering our amendments. If our colleagues want to vote no, they can vote no. If they want to vote with us, they can vote with us. But no one should come to this floor and be told that you cannot present your amendment.  I am ready to go. I am ready to have a time agreement. I ask my colleagues to support us in opposing cloture, and I will be back again and again until I can make a difference with class size reduction. I yield the floor.  