 President, I commend my colleague from Montana, Senator Baucus, for his work on education and his understanding that this is a key issue we need to address from the Federal level. Too often today we hear from people who say, ``No, this is a local issue, this is just a State issue.'' Of course it is; it is absolutely a local issue; it is absolutely a State issue. But we have to do our part, too, whether it is passing the Ed-Flex bill so we can reduce some of the bureaucratic regulations or whether it is providing additional resources for those districts to shrink class size or working with teacher-training and technology. These are things we have to address, and I thank my colleague from Montana for his work on this.  Mr. President, I rise today to talk about an amendment I will be offering shortly on the Ed-Flex bill, which is going to be on the floor probably in the next several minutes. The amendment I offer is one that many of my colleagues have come to the floor to talk about and to support, because it is an issue that parents and teachers and community leaders and business leaders truly understand when it comes to the issue of education. That is the fact that too many of our classrooms are overcrowded; too many of our teachers are trying to teach to classes with 30 or 35 students. They are not giving students the individual attention they need in order for them to learn the skills that we need them to learn, whether it is reading or writing or math or science.  The Murray-Kennedy amendment which I will be offering will simply authorize a 6-year effort to help our school districts hire 100,000 new, well-trained teachers in grades 1 through 3. School districts will be able to use up to 15 percent of those funds for professional development activities so they can improve the quality of their teaching pool--something that all schools tell us they need. And, after meeting the target ratio of 1-to-18 in grades 1 through 3, school districts will be able to use the funds for professional development activities. This is an amendment, again, that parents and teachers and community leaders support. We have heard from law enforcement, we have heard from businesses, that we need to help address this from the national level.  When parents send their children to school next fall--next fall, 6 months from now--they are going to do what they do every fall when their child comes home from school on the first day. They are going to sit them down and they are going to ask them: Who is your teacher and how many children are in your class? They ask those questions because they know the number of students in the child's classroom will make a difference in their child's ability to learn that year and they know who their teacher is. If it is the best qualified teacher, their child will have a successful year.  Next year, next fall when they ask that question, those schools that those children attend will have a new tool for helping students to learn. That is because of the budget bill we passed last year. Because of our actions, approximately 30,000 new, well-prepared teachers will go into classrooms across this country and we will be able to say we have made progress.  Last year, as all of you will remember, I came to the Senate Chamber many times to fight to pass my bill, S. 2209, which was the Class Size Reduction and Teacher Quality Act of 1998.  You will also recall that I finally got my language into the appropriations negotiations and then worked closely with the administration and with leaders here on Capitol Hill to get it passed, and it did pass, after a bipartisan discussion and in a bipartisan way. Last fall, last October, Republicans and Democrats alike touted their success at providing local school communities with much-needed help to improve learning for every child by reducing class size in grades 1 through 3.  The American people are watching this week as we talk about education. They fully expect this Congress to continue to support education efforts that really work, such as reducing class size and hiring quality teachers. They want to know whether what we did last October was just for a political moment or whether we really are committed to reducing class size so our children across this country will get the kind of education they need. We started the job last fall and now we need to finish it. We have to provide the schools the remainder of the funding necessary to hire 100,000 new and better prepared teachers over the next 6 years.  Our first and best opportunity for a bipartisan solution is this debate on S. 280, which is the Ed-Flex bill that we are going to be discussing shortly. This is a perfect opportunity for early positive success, and people are watching to see if we are going to work together on this critical issue this year. This week Americans are telling Congress they want to see passage of the Murray-Kennedy amendment to reduce class size and improve teacher quality.  Mr. President, my class size reduction proposal honors the bipartisan agreement we achieved last year. It requires no new forms and no redtape. It focuses on hiring new teachers, but it also makes investments in teacher quality from the outset. It allows districts that meet their goals of getting to 18 or fewer students in classes in grades 1 through 3, to be able to use that money to improve class size inother grades, or to take steps to improve the quality of their teaching pool.  Class size reduction isn't some new national idea. Local students, parents, teachers, State and local policymakers have asked for this kind of national investment in class size reduction for years. My proposal emphasizes local flexibility in making improvements.  Mr. President, let me talk for a minute about the Ed-Flex bill. Both last year and this year I have been very supportive of the Education Flexibility Partnership Act. That is because I think to change thinking among local and State policymakers is a good thing. It frees them from some of the restrictions that may keep them and our public schools from becoming the best that they can be. But a change in thinking alone is not enough. Local schools need action. They need investment. They need resources in order to show measurable improvement for all children.  With class size reduction funds, we will have new, well-trained teachers so every child, every child in this country, grades 1 through 3, can get the attention they need and that they must have in order to improve the quality of their learning.  Once local educators have a plan for improving student achievement, we must make key investments at the national level to help them get the job done. This means funding class size reduction, teacher quality improvement, and school construction. It also means passing Ed-Flex, which we all want to do. Today is our best chance to pass both Ed-Flex and class size reduction and send a strong message to local educators that we have heard their concerns and we are responding. Congress does need to pass Ed-Flex, but, more importantly, it must pass the Murray-Kennedy amendment to reduce class size and improve teacher quality.  Mr. President, we have to continue to improve the effort that we began last year, right here, in a bipartisan effort to help local schools, local teachers, and local communities get the results they need. Schools across this Nation are fully engaged in this debate right now over quality in learning and in identifying what works to improve learning for students. Local education leaders know that class size reduction is effective. They know as they reduce class size they can also improve the quality of their local teaching pool by improving professional development, training certification and recruitment.  Local communities are using the Federal class size and teacher quality effort as a way to beef up their own investment in the future of young people. Governors and State legislators across this country are proposing class size investments this year based on our successful efforts of last year. They are watching to see whether or not we really mean that we are committed to class size reduction or it was just a political move from last year.  In Washington State, my home State, Governor Gary Locke and key State legislators are debating these investments right now in Olympia and watching what we are doing so there is an important reason right now to pass the class size amendment today. Local school districts, school boards across this country--and I was a former school board member so I know what they do in February and March; they put their budgets together for the following years--are looking to us to see if we are going to continue this investment so that they can begin to put their budgets together and hire the staffs they need to make a commitment to now, so when those first hires are made in July, they know that this just wasn't a one-time bill, but this bipartisan Senate and Congress, this administration meant what they said last fall when they said class size reduction is a national priority.  We cannot wait to pass this amendment. We need to do it now so that those school boards and those local communities know that we say what we mean and we follow up on it right here in Washington, DC.  I will be offering this amendment later. I hope to be talking again about it today. This is clearly an issue for which parents and communities are looking to us, to trust the Federal Government. Will they follow up on their word? Will they make an investment that actually makes a difference? As we go through this debate, I will show you, all of my colleagues, and the country, studies that show that class size reduction makes a difference in student learning. We have a responsibility as the Federal Government. We have to live up to our commitment and not just make promises about education but truly make investments that work.  I thank my colleagues for the time this morning. I look forward to their support in a bipartisan way for the class size amendment.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Allard). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  