 1 priority. It ought to be the No. 1 priority of the Senate.  I have been delighted to hear the rhetoric from both sides throughout this year that education is the No. 1 priority. That is why I am so disappointed tonight. Clearly, the budget priorities we now see show education has dropped to last. It is the last appropriations bill to be considered. It is the appropriations bill we have been using from which to steal the funds throughout this entire process. Who gets hurt in the end? It is our children.  I listened to a Senator a few minutes ago saying this is a debate about philosophy. I agree. It is a philosophy about whether or not just a few kids in our country get a good education or whether we are going to make sure every child, no matter who they are or where they come from, gets a good education and how we do that.  In talking to parents across this country, they are not saying eliminate bureaucracy; they are not saying block grant the programs. They are saying: Make sure my child can learn to read and write. They are saying: If my child is in a smaller classroom in first, second, and third grade and gets the attention they need, they will get a good education. They will learn how to read and write; they will be a success.  They are asking Congress to partner with their State and local governments to reduce class size. They are asking Congress to make sure our teachers are given the skills they need to teach the young kids in our classrooms. They are asking Congress to put the resources behind the rhetoric.  When I tell people in my State and across this country that 1.6 percent of the Federal budget goes to education, something they believe is a priority, they are appalled. Education needs to be funded at a level where every child can learn to read and write and be a success in this world. This Congress is failing.  I was extremely disappointed with the House appropriations bill that passed out of committee last week; it eliminated the Eisenhower Teacher Professional Development Program. That is a program that is geared to helping our teachers teach the basics of math and science. Talk to the new startup businesses and the businesses that are succeeding. They say our kids need to learn math and science.  That is what the Eisenhower Grant Program is all about. I met with some scientists in my home State just a few months ago, leaders in the biotech industry, leaders in the technology industry. They spent an evening with me, of their own time, because they wanted to tell me how great the Eisenhower teacher professional development grants were, what they have done for students in our local high schools, invigorated them and got them to go on to science and math in college. They wanted to make sure we continued this program.  What did the House do last week? They took the money out. It is gone. No longer are we saying to schools across this country that making sure we have math and science students who succeed is important. That is wrong.  What else did they do? They eliminated the Goals 2000 Program. This is a program that helps school districts fund their own locally-designed programs to help student achievement by improving the quality of teacher training. Every one of us knows, if you want your company to succeed, you make sure your employees have the best skills they can to work for you. That is what we need to be doing with our teachers. We need to be training them. We need to be making sure they have the skills they need to pass on to our young students today. That is whatGoals 2000 is about. The House eliminated it.  The Class Size Reduction Initiative? Eliminated in the House budget. When I went out to my State just a few weeks ago, I went to a school in Tacoma, WA, where they had taken the Class Size Reduction Initiative money we had given them and focused it entirely on the first grade classrooms in the Tacoma school districts. Today, this year, 57 schools in Tacoma, WA, have 15 students in their first grade classrooms. They then used their title I money to help train those teachers in literacy efforts. Their focus this year is to make sure every first grade student can read at the end of the year. That is an amazing program. We are making it happen with the class size reduction money that was passed with bipartisan support a year ago. We are going to now take that away and tell those students and tell those teachers we no longer are going to help them do what they told me was absolutely critical?  As you can see behind me on this chart, K-12 enrollments are increasing dramatically right now. Why are we, then, reducing the levels of support for these students? We have to make sure every child gets the resources he or she needs. We have to make sure the local communities have the resources behind them. We at the Federal level are a partner with our State and our local governments to make sure our kids learn. We want to know their classes are small enough that kids can learn to read and write and do math. We want to know those teachers are trained. We want to know there are afterschool programs so our students do not go home alone, to their neighborhoods, alone where they are not learning or where they are unproductive or can get in trouble. That is what the Democrats have been fighting for. That is what we will continue to fight for.  We know the rhetoric is not going to educate one child. We know all of the bills with big names are not going to educate one child. We do know the dollars--behind reducing class size, training our teachers, Eisenhower grants--make a difference. School districts are held accountable for making sure our kids learn, and we are making sure we have the resources behind those efforts to make sure it happens.  This debate is important. The debate tonight in the Appropriations Committee is even more important--whether we are willing to put those dollars behind those students. I think it is appalling that our kids have been left to last in the budget process, that they are going to be funded by smoke and mirrors. We will not see the reality of this for probably several months, but it will happen. When this is all said and done, if we do not put the dollars behind our students and our teachers and our schools, our kids will get the message. They will get the message that we do not care. I do not want to be sending that message; I do not think anybody here does.  I have listened to the rhetoric. I have heard every Senator come out and say education is critical. If that is the truth, let's pass the Daschle amendment, go to work and make sure our kids have the resources they need to be productive in the next century.  I yield the floor.  