 President, first, I thank my colleague from California for her tremendous amount of work on the floor on a very emotional and difficult issue to show all of us what is really behind the bill that is before the Senate and to stand up for women across this country to make their own health care decisions, along with their family and their own faith, without the interference of those of us on this floor who are not medical doctors and who are not members of that family.  I thank the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Harkin, for offering the amendment we are now debating because his amendment--and I want my colleagues to look at it very carefully--is really what this debate is about, and I think everyone here knows it.  The question is, Do we really stand for and behind Roe v. Wade? Do we really support a woman's right of choice? Are we going to allow women to make this incredibly important decision in consultation with their physician and their family and their faith or are we going to stand on the floor of the Senate and make that decision for her?  I have often heard many of my colleagues talk about being pro-choice simply because they do not support overturning Roe v. Wade. But over and over, when it comes time to provide access or services or to allow Federal employees access to these services, these same pro-choice Members vote to restrict a woman's right to choose.  I know the difference, as do the voters in my home State of Washington. In 1992, my State voted overwhelmingly in support of a woman's right of choice. The voters in Washington State recognized the importance of the landmark Supreme Court decision giving a woman the right to determine her own fate and make her own personal health and reproductive decisions.  Washington State voters have also spoken out on this particular effort--the underlying bill--which attempts to undermine Roe v. Wade by outlawing one abortion procedure after another.  In 1998, a year ago, the voters of my State overwhelmingly defeated a ballot initiative to ban the so-called partial-birth abortions. That initiative was almost identical to S. 1692.  I am really proud of Washington State voters who stood up to defend a woman's right to her own reproductive health and choice decisions. That initiative which was on our ballot a year ago was defeated because there was no exception, no consideration for the health of the woman. Her life and her health were made not just secondary concerns but of no concern at all. In my State, voters understood why this kind of ban was a threat to all women.  The Harkin amendment we are now debating gives us the opportunity to talk about the role of the woman in this decision. It will allow Members to stand up and say the Roe decision was an important one, one we stand behind. The Harkin amendment will send a message to women that we recognize the turning point in equality that followed the 1973 landmark ruling.  As the Senator from Iowa pointed out, there was a time in our country's history when a woman could not own property, could not vote, or could not have access to safe family planning services. There was a time when women were not allowed access to equal education. There was a time in our history when having a child meant being forced out of the workplace.  Those times have passed. Women made gains as those offensive policies were changed, banned, and overturned, and I will do everything I can to make sure votes such as the one we are talking about do not take us back to the dark days because the women of America are not going back.  The proponents of S. 1692 say their intent is to end late-term abortions. We are not going to be fooled. We know this is just another attempt to chip away at Roe v. Wade. This is just another attempt to undermine that decision and deny access to safe and legal abortion services. This is just another attempt to harass providers and generate hateful rhetoric. This is just another attempt to limit access.  The proponents are trying to achieve through public relations what they cannot do in the courts or in the legislatures. Their ultimate goal is to make the rights and health protections guaranteed in Roe worth nothing more than the paper on which it was written. The Harkin amendment calls them on this bluff and demands accountability.  