 President, I feel compelled to express my concerns with the Commerce, Justice, State, and the judiciary appropriations bill for fiscal year 2000. I am disappointed by the inadequate funding for coastal salmon recovery and the Pacific Salmon Treaty. While I cannot complain about the funding for Washington State in relation to Alaska, California, and Oregon, I do believe the overall funding is woefully inadequate to address the tremendous crisis facing threatened and endangered salmon runs. Each state and their counties and cities are prepared to face the challenge of salmon recovery, but they must be given the tools to do so. The funds for Pacific coastal salmon recovery should be at the President's request level of $100 million.  In relation to the Pacific Salmon Treaty, I must again bemoan the lack of adequate funding. The treaty agreement was signed late in the appropriation process and thus it is understandable that large scale funding would be difficult. However, the funding provided under this conference report does not approach our obligations under the treaty. We need to be signaling the intention of the U.S. to meet its treaty obligations and this bill does not do this. I believe the funding for the Northern and Southern Funds called for under the treaty should be more than the $10 million provided. Furthermore, the elimination of the buy-back money for fishers is not only cruel to the families affected by the fishing reductions, but again does not send the right message to Canada.  In a related matter, the conference report contains legislative language that exempts Alaska from the provisions and requirements of the Endangered Species Act in relation to salmon. While I appreciate the State of Alaska's desire to have the Pacific Salmon Treaty protect its salmon fishery from any jeopardy findings, the provision is not in the spirit of the treaty. The states of Oregon and Washington, as well as the Pacific Northwest tribes, negotiated in good-faith to conclude the treaty. I must support Governor Kitzhaber and Governor Locke and the tribes in their opposition to this provision. This legislative provision is in effect an addendum to the treaty that the treaty negotiators did not agree to. It should be removed.  I am very disappointed the conference did not adopt the language of the Hate Crimes Prevention Act. Hate crime is real. Despite great gains in equality and civil rights over the latter part of the century, hate crimes are still being committed and offenders must be punished. Including this provision would have given us more tools to fight hate. The proposal would have expanded the definition of a hate crime and improved prosecution of those who act our their hate with violence. If someone harms another because of race, gender, color, religion, disability or sexual orientation, they would be punished.  I am very disappointed that the conference failed to include the Senate language of the Hate Crime Prevention Act. Along with many of my colleagues, I will continue to push this legislation. It is about basic human rights for those who all too often persecuted while the majority looks the other way.  I am also unhappy the Community Oriented Policing Services Program (COPS) was so underfunded. The Subcommittee mark in the Senate included no funding for COPS. Some of us on the full Appropriations Committee restored a modest amount of money to the program. The President requested $1.2 billion, but the conference funded COPS at only $325 million. That is wrong.  COPS is one of the most successful programs of this decade. The initiative to get an additional 100,000 new police officers on the streets was widely criticized by many from the other side of the aisle. They said that the federal government could never successfully assist local law enforcement. They were wrong. The program is now praised by former opponents, the states are happy with it, and it has proven to be very effective.  Another problem is that once again behind closed doors, we continue to assault reproductive health care for women. Section 625 of this conference report includes a major authorizing change that was not part of the House or Senate passed bills. We did not debate or discuss this major expansion of the conscience clause included in Public Law 106-58, FY00 Treasury Postal Appropriations.  For those members who were not in this closed door meeting, let me explain. Section 625 would allow a pharmacist to object to providing a woman with a prescribed contraceptive if he or she felt the use of this contraceptive was contrary to their own individual religious beliefs or moral convictions. Pharmacists can make a moral judgment and deny women access to emergency contraceptives or any form of contraceptive.  We already allow plans participating in the FEHBP to object on religious grounds to providing reproductive health services; we now will allow pharmacists to deny women access. A small town pharmacist could simply object to filling a prescription because she morally objects to the use of contraceptives. A woman is now subjected to the moral judgment of her pharmacists. Is she free to simply go to another pharmacy? In many rural communities there really aren't nearby other options. In addition, many plans require use of a preferred provider for pharmacy benefits. What happens if your preferred provider is morally opposed to providing contraceptives?  I do not oppose conscience clauses, but I do oppose denying women access to legally prescribed contraceptives simply based on moral objections. This is simply outrageous and once again the threat to women's health is ignored.  Let me end on a positive note. I am appreciative of the subcommittee's work to provide $5 million in State Department monies for costs related to the World Trade Organization Ministerial meeting which will be held in Seattle, WA. The President requested $2 million and I am pleased Senator Gregg and Senator Hollings agreed to my request for a significant increase for WTO expenses. I had hoped for some additional language to ensure that the State Department reimbursed localities in Washington State for legitimate WTO police and fire expenses. The WTO Ministerial will be the largest trade meeting ever held in the United States, both the Federal Government and Washington State are bearing significant costs to host the world's trade negotiators. I expect and I will push the State Department to be responsive to the needs of local governments in Washington State in the expenditure of these additional monies.  