 President, as a member of the Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, I have always supported the subcommittee's bill here on the Senate floor. We always have difficult and controversial choices before our subcommittee. Under the leadership of Senators McConnell and Leahy, we have been able to do a reasonable job crafting a bill with bipartisan support.  Unfortunately, that is not the case this year. I will be voting against the foreign operations appropriations measure. I take this action for a number of reasons.  Most importantly, this bill is woefully underfunded. The bill is $2 billion less than President Clinton's request and some $800 million below last year's congressionally approved funding level. This account has already been cut significantly in recent years. The most recent cuts, in my estimation, will cripple our already meager foreign aid efforts. We spend a great deal of time here in the Congress talking about the U.S. role as the world's lone superpower. The foreign operations bill is a test of our sincerity in providing global leadership beyond the realm of U.S. military might.  This bill does so many things that project an America to the world that we can and should all be proud of. We educate young girls, we provide microcredit loans to small family enterprises, we export democracy throughout the world, we cooperate with human rights activists and monitors, and we create opportunities for American citizens and business interests abroad. Unfortunately, the bill on the floor today cripples our efforts to work internationally, vital work that is in the national interest of the United States.  The foreign operations bill fails to provide any funding to the important Middle East peace process. The President had requested $500 million in assistance to aid the implementation of the Wye River Accords. This small investment in peace and security is even more important given the recent agreement between Israel's new government and the Palestinian Authority. Now is the time to reassert U.S. support for the peace process that, at this moment, shows so much hope and promise.  I also am disappointed that this bill underfunds our export promotion programs. For example, the Export-Import Bank, which protects and creates American jobs, is funded below the 1999 level and far below the Administration's 2000 request. U.S. workers compete in the global economy. That's a fact. It is equally true that other governments in Asia and Europe do far more to help their exporters succeed. Our ability to compete and win abroad for American workers is impacted by the foreign operations bill. And this bill could do far more for American workers.  Finally, I continue to have reservations regarding the funding levels and the restrictive language placed on our international family planning assistance programs. The restrictive language is particularly harmful as it cripples the provision of valuable family planning programs which aid population control, economic development, environmental protection and some many other areas. Our false family planning debates driven by domestic politics here in the United States only harm thousands of women and families in the developing world.  Mr. President, this bill will not become law. President Clinton has promised a veto for numerous, very legitimate reasons. I encourage the President to follow through with a veto if this bill makes it to his desk. And I am anxious to work with my Senate colleagues on a new version of this bill. This is an important bill. Given the resources, I am confident that Senator McConnell and Senator Leahy can deliver a bill the Senate will again endorse with wide bipartisan margins.  