  On June 10, 1999, 277,000 gallons of gasoline leaded from an underground pipeline in Bellingham, Washington. It ignited and exploded. Three people were killed: an 18-year-old young man and two 10-year-old boys. This is a tragedy.  The Office of Pipeline Safety, the National Transportation Safety Board, the FBI, the EPA and State agencies have spent the last four months trying to determine why this happened. We still don't know the direct cause and may not know for some time.  I wish I could say this was an isolated instance, but I can't. Recent pipeline accidents have occurred in other places. In Edison, New Jersey, one person died when a natural gas pipeline exploded. In Texas, two people lost their lives when a butane release ignited. In fact, last November the owner of the pipeline that exploded in Bellingham had an accident in another part of my State that took six lives.  These pipelines are potential threats. There are some 160,000 miles of pipelines in the U.S. carrying hazardous materials. Many of these pipes run under some of our most densely populated areas; under our schools, our homes, and our businesses.  I am disappointed that this year the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee did not adequately fund the Office of Pipeline Safety, the authority governing interstate pipelines. I tried to get the appropriations in this year's bill to the level requested by the President. Unfortunately, we were unable to do so. It is my hope we can increase funding in next year's appropriations.  I am also committed to strengthening OSP's oversight of pipelines and commitment to community safety in next year's reauthorization of OPS.  I will be working with Senator Gorton, who is on the committee, to ensure greater OPS effectiveness and oversight of the industry.  I also want to point out U.S. Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater's prompt attention to this issue. Immediately following the accident, he met with me and granted my request to have a full-time OPS inspector stationed in Washington State. He has also been very helpful and informative as we've progressed through the investigation phase. I thank him. I know he will continue to work with us in the future on OPS's appropriations and next year's authorization.  