 President, I rise as a sponsor of this amendment to protect women's health. This amendment offers true security to women; it deals with women's access to health care and women's treatment when they receive that care. This amendment ensures women get more than just routine care when they visit their obstetrician/gynecologist and it protects women against the pain and danger of so-called drive-through mastectomies.  While the underlying Republican bill does allow access to OB/GYN care, the HELP Committee went to great lengths to ensure women only had access for routine care--and nothing more. Let me quote from the committee report, ``The purpose of this section is to provide women with access to routine OB/GYN care by removing any barriers that could deter women from seeking this type of preventive care.'' While the Republicans recognize the need for direct access, the language of their bill and their report makes it clear that direct access is guaranteed only for routine care.  Let me explain what that means. If during a routine examination, a woman's OB/GYN finds a lump or an inconsistency in her breast, the OB/GYN would not be allowed to refer the patient for further examination. Instead, the woman would have to go back to the gate keeper and hope that her primary care physician approved the referral. We should all agree this is a waste of time and energy--time and energy that would be better spent dealing with the potential breast cancer.  A recent study conducted by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists shows that managed care plans are keeping women from receiving the health care they need and seeing the providers they choose. Sixty percent of all women who need gynecological care and 28 percent of all women who need obstetric care are either limited or barred from seeing their OB/GYNs without first getting permission from another physician. Once the patient is able to gain access to her own OB/GYN, she is forced to return to her primary care gate keeper for permission to allow her OB/GYN to provide necessary follow-up care almost 75 percent of the time.  What my Republican colleagues fail to understand is that women need OB/GYN care for much more than simple routine care. They also fail to understand the important relationship between a woman and her own OB/GYN. OB/GYN providers are often a women's only point of entry into the health care system.  Our amendment would allow women direct access to OB/GYN care and follow-up care as well. It would also allow a woman to designate an OB/GYN provider as her primary care physician. We know historically that women have not been treated equally in receiving health care. We know that some physicians do not treat women with the same aggressive strategies as they treat their male patients, especially when women complain about depression or stress.  What we do know is that OB/GYNs have traditionally been strong advocates for women's health. They understand the physical and emotional changes a women experiences throughout her life. The 1993 Commonwealth Fund Survey of Women's Health found the number of preventive services received by women, including a complete physical exam, blood pressure test, cholesterol test, breast exam, mammogram, pelvic exam, and pap smear, are higher for those whose regular physician is an OB/GYN than for those whose primary care doctor is not. Women are simply afforded greater access to preventive and aggressive health care services with OB/GYNs.  I am not sure why some of my Republican colleagues want to deny unobstructed access to important health care services for women. It cannot be about costs. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the cost of direct access and primary care by OB/GYNs as only 0.1 percent of premiums. If my colleagues are so concerned about costs, can't they at least guarantee that women get the quality health care they pay for? This amendment ensures they will.  The other important provision in this amendment prohibits drive through mastectomies. It is outrageous that current trends in health care could force women to endure a mastectomy on an outpatient basis. It is wrong to send these women home to deal with the emotional and physical pain of the operation--as well as with the responsibility for draining surgical wounds and performing other post-surgical care. These women should not be abandoned during their time of need.  However, our amendment does not require a woman to stay in the hospital. Our amendment does not require a hospital stay for a set number of hours. Our amendment does require that the physician, in consultation with the patient, decides how long the woman should remain in the hospital. The physician determines what is medically necessary and what is in the patient's best interest.  I cannot believe there is anyone in this chamber who would want to see a loved one go through a mastectomy and be forced by her insurance company to go home immediately. If we have any compassion at all we should adopt this provision.  Let me respond to one criticism I've heard about this amendment from insurance companies. Some have claimed they do not have a policy of drive through mastectomies. I commend them and hope they would support this amendment to prohibit this cruel practice by other companies. I would also add that while most insurance companies may not engage in this kind of outrageous behavior today, how can we insure they will not tomorrow?  Our amendment is about protecting and improving women's health. For that reason, the College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists support it. If my colleagues truly consider themselves champions of women's health, they must vote for this amendment. I can assure you that women will not be fooled by the empty promises in the Republican bill. We know the difference between routine and comprehensive OB/GYN care. We know how traumatic and life-altering a mastectomy can be. We know we need real protection and this amendment provides it.  Mr. President, I especially thank Senator Robb for his leadership on this issue.  He is right. There are only nine women in the Senate. We shouldn't have to rush to the floor to defend all of the women in this country every time an issue comes up that affects women's health. This is an issue that affects men as well. It affects their daughters, their wives and mothers, their aunts. I appreciate Senator Robb and his leadership in making sure that women are protected when it comes to their health care.  Senator Robb did an excellent job of outlining what our amendment does. It does two basic things:  It allows a woman the right to choose an OB/GYN as her primary care physician. As every woman in this country knows, their OB/GYN, their obstetrician/gynecologist, is the doctor they go to, whether it is for pregnancy, whether it is for breast cancer, whether it is for health care decisions that affect them later on in life. We want to make sure that women have access to those doctors without having to go back to a primary care physician.  When a woman is pregnant and she gets an ear infection, she may be treated dramatically different than someoneelse who has an ear infection, for example. A woman needs to have access to the OB/GYN, and this amendment Senator Robb and I and the other Democratic women are offering assures the woman that access.  Secondly, it deals with the so-called drive-through mastectomy legislation where too many HMOs today are telling a woman after this radical surgery----  