 President, yesterday's tragedy in Littleton, Colorado has brought the nation together in our sense of shock and horror. I want the people of Littleton to know that they are in our thoughts and our hearts. We cannot know the devastation they must feel, and we can only imagine, ``what if that were my child?'' In this time of terrible sorrow, your nation sends its profound sympathy.  Yesterday, two heavily-armed students went into Columbine High School in Littleton, in what has been described as a suicide mission, to bring violence and death on their classmates, their teachers, and themselves.  One student last night, a girl from another high school who visited Columbine to show her support, made a very important observation: ``People always say `it couldn't happen here; it couldn't happen to me,' well, it did happen here; it did happen to us.'' We must ask ourselves what we can to stop this senseless violence from happening again in another town, another community, another school.  As we begin to sort through the aftermath of this terrible tragedy, inevitably we will arrive at the question ``why?'' It is too easy for a young person these days to feel anonymous--to go unseen. Too many young people in America will wake up today, walk through the neighborhood, attend a crowded school, walk through the shopping mall, and return home--without ever getting acknowledgment or recognition or support from even one adult.  As a nation, we must make a determined effort to change this unfortunate fact. We have a responsibility to the nation's young people to do better. I have talked to too many young people who say that ``adults just don't seem to care about me.'' Sometimes just a conversation or even a smile can send an important message to a young person--``You matter. I want things to go well for you. If you need help, I'm here.''  Young people today are different in many ways than when we were young, but one thing hasn't changed. They still need our understanding, and our compassion. And they need to know that someone cares about them so that they don't see violence as a solution. Violence is not an option. We cannot tolerate violence in our schools.  Tragically, these two students at Columbine High School, who so desperately wanted someone's attention have finally succeeded. In their cry to be heard, they have done irreparable damage to the families and community of Littleton. And as we search for an explanation, we find ourselves struggling to understand who those two boys were and how they could commit such an awful crime.  There is not a legislative solution to the problem of violence in our schools. Instead, we must begin a national dialogue about what we all can do to let children know that violence is simply not acceptable. As we all reflect on yesterday, each one of us should ask ourselves what we can do to make a difference. We each must take responsibility to do a better job in letting all children know that adults care about them . . . that there are other ways to make their voice heard . . . that they matter.  For the last three years, I have cosponsored, with former Senator Kempthorne, a resolution establishing the Day of Concern About Young People and Gun Violence. Every year we have received dozens of Senate cosponsors--56 last year--and widespread support from the Parent-Teacher Association, Mothers Against Violence in America, the National Association of Student Councils, and others.  But more importantly, last year more than a million students signed a pledge promising they would never take a gun to school, would never use a gun to settle a dispute, and would use their influence to prevent friends from using guns to settle disputes. I hope all of my Senate colleagues will join me this year in cosponsoring and passing this important resolution establishing the Day of Concern on October 21, 1999.  Thank you, Mr. President.  