 It is high time that this Congress act to improve our political process and to restore faith in our democracy. In fact, it is past time.  When I was elected by the people of my State in 1992, one of the key things they asked me to do was to help fix our campaign finance system. I have been part of the reform effort since I walked through these doors.  Well, here it is, 7 years later. And it's the same old story. Campaigns still cost too much money. And too often, the power of ideas is pushed aside by the power of money. That is not the way our system should work. We need to do all we can to show the American people that their voices count--and to provide that their voices will be heard over the roar of special interest money.  Overall, I do think we have made some positive changes in the way the Capitol operates since my election. I do think we have addressed some of the issues families care about. But our campaign finance system still undermines our best efforts--draining public interest in our political process and sapping the energy from American voters in ways that will affect our democracy for years to come.  The opponents say the public doesn't care about campaign finance reform. But, in fact, the role of money in our elections and the rise of special interest influence have a profound--and very negative--effect on public perception of politics. Many people believe that Members of Congress are controlled by special interests and wealthy donors--and are no longer listening to their concerns. It keeps them from voting and from participating in the decisions that affect their lives.  We are here to represent the people of our States. As a representative of working Americans, I have felt from the beginning that it is my duty to ensure their voices and concerns are heard loudly and clearly in the political process. If my constituents believe they aren't being heard and that is partially due to the influence of special interests, then I must do something about it. This legislation is an opportunity to act.  I think this legislation could go further, for example, in the way it treats types of advocacy. Express advocacy is designed to get the public to vote for or against a specific candidate. For that reason, express advocacy is regulated. There is another type of advocacy that is not regulated. It's called ``issue advocacy.'' Issue advocacy campaigns were intended to allow groups and individuals to communicate their support or opposition to particular policy issues. Unfortunately, these activities have become organized campaigns run by partisan groups to influence the election or defeat of a particular candidate. At a minimum, the public has a right to know who is funding these so-called ``independent expenditures'' by requiring the producers of these campaigns to disclose their contributors. A earlier version of this bill would have made issue advocacy subject to similar restrictions as express advocacy. That is one of the improvements I would like to see as we go through the amendment process.  But there are other amendments that would weaken the bill's provisions and could kill this legislation. One is the so-called Paycheck Protection Act. It is a poison pill to kill true campaign finance reform. This provision would defund unions by setting up barriers to their obtaining union dues to spend on political activities. However, the Republican Paycheck Protection Act misses the target. Despite the rhetoric, no worker is ever forced to join a union or pay for political and legislative activities with which he or she does not agree. Never. But the vast majority of unions--and their supporters--believe their voices are critical to a strong healthy economy and to strong, healthy families. And I agree with them.  I am not optimistic about this process. We have some very determined foes who oppose any attempt at reform. While we have 100 percent of the Democratic caucus and a handful of brave Republicans, it appears we do not have 60 votes to stop a filibuster against reform. This makes me unhappy, but not willing to give up.  I will continue to participate in the coalition of those Senators pushing for reform. I will keep my commitment to bring public faith back into our political system and to return political power to our citizens. And I will anxiously await the day when 60 of my Senate colleagues agree with the American people that now is the time for campaign finance reform.  