 President, I rise to comment on the amendment the Senator has just submitted before the body. I believe directly following this amendment, I will be introducing an amendment. Last week, I announced I would be introducing an amendment which had essentially all the parts that Senator Ashcroft has just introduced, plus one additional part. Let me comment on how his amendment differs from mine in the sense of the parts he has just talked about.  He has added exceptions relating to employment, ranching, farming, hunting, inheritance, target practice, and training. The exceptions in my amendment are military and law enforcement.  He also creates a new penalty of up to 20 years for a juvenile who uses these weapons with the intent to commit a violent felony. I think that is a very positive addition.  He does not make any transfer a felony, so the penalty would still be only up to 1 year. That is, if you transfer an assault weapon to a juvenile, the penalty is only up to 1 year. That is part of the problem. The penalty is so low, it is difficult to sustain or even make prosecutions. But I am very pleased he has seen fit to offer this amendment.  I want for a moment to talk about what is missing from the amendment, which I will talk about more deeply on my own time. What is missing from the amendment is plugging a major loophole in the assault weapons legislation which I presented to this body in 1993 as an amendment to the crime bill and which is now law.  When the amendment came before the body and we were standing down in the well, another Senator approached me and said: Would you mind if there were an amendment which would permit the continued grandfathering of big clips into this country, particularly for those that have bills of lading on them already and are in transit? I said no. The amendment went in and got broadened in the course of what turned out to be a rather cantankerous debate on the subject, back and forth between the two Houses.  This is significant because the failsafe in the assault weapons legislation has to do with clips, in that the domestic manufacture of clips, drums, or strips of more than 10 bullets is prohibited in the United States subsequent to enactment of the assault weapons legislation. That is now the law. The loophole is that these clips are coming in from all around the world.  Let me give a few examples. Between March of 1998 and July of 1998, BATF approved permits for over 8 million of these clips. They came in from countries all over--from Austria to Zimbabwe.  Let me tell you some of the things that come in from Great Britain: 826,000 clips, drums or strips, 250-round magazines, 177-round magazines, 71-round magazines, 50-round magazines; from Germany, 426,300; from Italy, 5,900,000, and on and on.  What is the significance of this? What gives an assault weapon the firepower is, first, you can hold it at your hip with two hands and spray fire; secondly, most of them are capable of having a very light trigger which you can pull very rapidly, and being semiautomatic, each time you pull it, it dispenses a bullet; and the clips are very big. The bigger the clip, the less the opportunity somebody has to disarm you.  Hence, they have become the weapon of choice of grievance killers, of drive-by shooters, of gangs, and of drug dealers. None of these big clips are necessary for hunting.  It always puzzles me why there is an exception. As a matter of fact, overwhelmingly, the great bulk of States prohibit more than seven bullets in a clip for hunting. Therefore, why you need to make an exception for hunting--I used to use a bow and arrow. I was pretty good at it. At least there was some sport in it. If you come along with a spray-fire assault weapon and you are hunting some poor deer, my goodness, I am rooting for the deer, that's for sure.  I really question why we cannot plug this loophole. I tried last year. We received 44 votes. I was told some people did not like the timing of it and, therefore, I am trying at a time now when the juvenile justice bill is before this body.  Unless we close this loophole, we will continue to build a nation that is awash with the kind of equipment that wreaks the devastation that is occurring all over this country.  What the Senator has done is commendable. He has put forward certainly some improvements. I have done the same thing with not as many exceptions and added one other item.  I will probably vote for that amendment. I will also, though, press my amendment because, as one who has lived this assault weapons issue now for the past 6 years, unless we close some of these loopholes, the point of the legislation, which is to dry up the huge supply of assault weapons as well as these big clips, essentially will not happen. This is an important loophole to be closed. That is essentially the difference between our two amendments.  How much time remains on our side, Mr. President?  