 President, instead of recognized medical language like that of the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, the language the underlying bill before us is vague.  Let me tell you why I say it is vague. It is vague because it not only affects third-trimester abortions, it affects second-trimester abortions; therefore, it is a continuation of the march to limit and constrict a woman's rights under Roe v. Wade.  Let me give you some examples of testimony that we had in our Judiciary Committee hearings. Doctors who testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee could not identify, with any degree of certainty or consistency, what medical procedure this legislation refers to. The vagueness meant that every doctor who performs even a second-trimester abortion could be vulnerable and face criminal prosecution.  The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology has told us that ``the legislation could be interpreted to include, and thus outlaw, many other widely used, accepted, and safe abortion and operative obstetric techniques.''  Dr. Louis Seidman, Professor of Law from Georgetown University, told us:       . . . as I read the language, in a second-trimester      previability abortion, where the fetus will in any event die,      if any portion of the fetus enters the birth canal prior to      the technical death of the fetus, then the physician is      guilty of a crime and goes to prison for two years.  That is what we are doing here. Dr. Seidman continued his testimony before our committee and said this:       If I were a lawyer advising a physician who performed      abortions, I would tell him to stop because there is just no      way to tell whether the procedure will eventuate in some      portion of the fetus entering the birth canal before the      fetus is technically dead, much less being able to      demonstrate that after the fact.  Dr. Courtland Richardson, an associate professor at Johns Hopkins University, testified in the House that:       In any normal second trimester abortion procedure, by any      method, you may have a point at which a part, a one-inch      piece of [umbilical] cord, for example, of the fetus passes      out of the cervical [opening] before fetal demise has      occurred.  That would violate the so-called partial-birth abortion ban and subject a physician to 2 years in prison. That is the impact of this legislation. People can say what they want, but that is the impact, the medical impact.  Now let me give you the legal impact.  The legal impact is that courts throughout America have ruled that partial-birth abortion laws are unconstitutional. Most recently, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit unanimously ruled unconstitutional three State laws--in Arkansas, in Iowa, and in Nebraska--that mirror the Santorum bill. The Eighth Circuit is the first Federal appellate court to review the legal merits of partial-birth abortion bans. In ruling on the Iowa and Nebraska laws, which were nearly identical to S. 1692, the district court in both cases held that the language in the State laws was unconstitutional because it was overly vague, imposed an undue burden on pregnant women and did not adequately protect a woman's health and life. The Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed this ruling, noting that the State law's vague language would ban more than just partial-birth abortion; it would ban other abortion procedures protected by the landmark Roe v. Wade. Circuit Court Judge Richard Arnold wrote--and I quote this because it is important:       The difficulty is that the statute covers a great deal      more. It would also prohibit, in many circumstances, the most      common method of second trimester abortion, called a dilation      and evacuation (D and E).  This is the circuit court writing.  D and E is a recognized medical procedure, dilation and evacuation. Judge Arnold continued:       Under the controlling precedents laid down by the Supreme      Court, such a prohibition places an undue burden on the right      of women to choose whether to have an abortion. It is      therefore our duty to declare the statute invalid.  In 20 out of 21 States, partial-birth abortion laws have been blocked or severely limited; 18 State partial-birth abortion laws have been blocked by a Federal or State court; 6 out of 9 States that passed partial-birth abortion laws using the language as found in S. 1692 have had their laws enjoined, including Idaho, Iowa, Kentucky, Nebraska, New Jersey, and West Virginia. One court limited the enforcement of Georgia's partial-birth abortion ban to redefine partial-birth abortion in medical terms, to limit its application to postviability abortion. That is the point.  If proponents of this bill are really serious, they should use a medical procedure and prohibit that procedure in postviability abortions.  And the court stated that Georgia's law was invalid because it created an exception in the law to allow abortions in cases necessary to protect the health of the woman. Six States, where the laws have been blocked, used identical language to H.R. 1122, vetoed by President Clinton in 1997.  Mr. President, courts across the country have made it all too clear that legislation like S. 1692 does not do what the proponents of the bill say it does. The bill does not limit State bans on abortion to postviability procedures. It does not protect a woman'shealth. For these reasons, this bill violates the basic constitutional rights of women provided by Roe v. Wade in 1972, and other Supreme Court decisions. Simply stated, the main bill before us today is unconstitutional on its face and will be struck down.  I urge this body to support the Harkin resolution and to defeat the underlying Santorum bill.  I thank the Chair.  I yield the floor.  