 President, I rise today to discuss my concerns about appropriations for the census--an issue that is critical for the State of California and for the Nation.  The Commerce, Justice, and State Appropriations bill for FY 2000 allocates $2.8 billion for census operations. It does not include the additional $1.7 billion that the Administration requested to pay for its revised census plan. This funding shortfall will certainly result in an undercount in the 2000 Census.  In the 1990 Census, California lost $2.2 billion because not everyone was counted, and that's not fair. Although the Administration's request was submitted late in the appropriations process, it is crucial that we equip the Census Bureau with the funds necessary to make the Census 2000 as accurate as possible. How can the Census Bureau do its best to carry out an accurate census in 2000, if they do not have the appropriate resources? We can be sure that the Census 2000 will fail if the Census Bureau does not have the extra $1.7 billion it needs for this operation.  The census has real impact on the lives of people across the Nation. Information gathered from the census count determines how nearly $200 billion of federal funds are allocated. In addition, census information is used by states and local governments to plan schools and highways, and by businesses in making their economic plans.  The 1990 Census undercounted the U.S. population by more than eight million Americans (mostly children, the poor, and communities of color), and more than four million Americans were counted twice. In California alone, the 1990 Census missed more than 834,000 people. A disproportionate number of those undercounted in California were minorities: Nearly half the net undercount--47 percent--were Hispanic-American. Twenty-two percent were African-American and eight percent were Asian Pacific-American. Such differences in census coverage introduce inequities in political representation and in the distribution of funds. Communities from these undercounted ethnic minority populations have been disadvantaged by not receiving the resources they need for various government programs.  A recent study by the General Accounting Office estimates that the economic consequences of the undercount in California caused my state to lose over $2.2 billion in federal funds, more than any other state and more than the additional appropriations requested by the Administration. As a result, the state did not get its fair share of funds for Medicaid, Child Care and Development, Rehabilitation Services, Adoption Assistance, and Foster Care, to mention only a few of the federal grant programs affected. Each person missed in the census cost California $2,660 in Federal funds over the decade.  Some of the top 10 undercounted cities in the 1990 census, two of which are from my state, include:  Los Angeles (138,808); San Diego (32,483); Chicago (68,315); Houston (66,748); Dallas (37,070); Detroit (28,206); and Philadelphia (23,365).  Unless the Census Bureau is allowed to carry out its plan to produce a more accurate count than that which was produced in 1990, California and other states will again lose billions of dollars in federal assistance and will again have to subsidize federal programs with state and local tax dollars.  Since the flawed 1990 population count, the Census Bureau has worked with experts from across the country to design a more accurate census for 2000. The National Academy of Sciences, in three separate reports, concluded that the key to improving accuracy in the census is the use of sound statistical methods. Earlier this year, the Supreme Court ruled that the Census Bureau could not use statistical sampling for apportionment purposes.  Because the Census Bureau cannot use sampling, it has revised its census plan and requested additional appropriations to carry out a full enumeration census, using mail-back census forms and employing an army of bureau workers to personally and repeatedly visit those who do not respond. The Census Bureau's operational plan for carrying out the 2000 Census will be the largest peacetime effort in our nation's history, and will employ more than 860,000 temporary workers.  Mr. President, Congress must make every effort to support the Census Bureau's plan to count all Americans in 2000. The census should not be about politics. This is an issue of fairness, that impacts Americans nationwide. I urge my colleagues to support the additional $1.7 billion appropriation that the Census Bureau needs to carry out an accurate census in 2000. We must do everything we can to ensure that everyone is included in the count, and that our communities are provided with the resources we need.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  