 President, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by Senators McCain and Levin authorizing a new round of base closures. As the senior Senator from the state that has suffered the greatest impact from the previous rounds, I believe that the base closure process is deeply flawed and fundamentally unfair.  The first four rounds of base closure occurred too rapidly and too little effort was made to protect local communities from devastating lob loss and economic hardship. For those who say that adverse local impact is a necessary consequence of reducing military infrastructure, I would like to describe how this process has effected California where since the first BRAC round in 1988, 29 bases in California have been scheduled for closure or realignment.  Some claim that the process has been streamlined and every effort has been made to expedite the transfer of bases to the local community. I have also heard claims that base closure can be a boon to the community by bringing new opportunities for job creation and economic development.  Now let's look at the facts. The California Trade and Commerce Agency estimates that the four rounds of BRAC cost 97,337 military and civilian jobs. How many have been created? Less than 17,000. That is a net job loss of more than 80,000 jobs.  The reason we are not seeing job creation or economic growth is because the land is simply not being transferred to the local communities as was originally planned. The process is so slow and bureaucratic that years go by before any development can be done on the closed bases.  Again, the numbers prove this. The 29 closed bases represents 77,269 acres of land. The Federal Government has retained almost 25,000 for itself and 30,000 acres have yet to be transferred. That means that local communities have had access to less than 30 percent of the property that should have been made available to them. It is difficult to create jobs or stimulate economic growth without the land to do it.  That is the big picture of how the State of California has been impacted by the base closure process. Here is the impact at the local level.  Every member of this body who has had a major base close in his or her state can tell a base closure horror story, but I believe the magnitude of the loss that the city of Long Beach has faced makes it unique. In fact, if Long Beach were a state, it would rank in the top five in terms of the number of jobs lost due to base closure.  The Long Beach Naval Station was closed as part of BRAC 1991. This resulted in the loss of more than 8,500 military and civilian jobs. The direct loss of wage and contract was $400 million with an estimated economic loss of another $1 billion annually.  As the city struggled to deal with this devastating blow, the federal government dealt it another. In 1995, the Long Beach Naval Shipyard was scheduled for closure. The job loss from this action has been more than 4,000 and it has caused another $1 billion in total economic loss.  The city's woes continued during negotiations with the Navy on the terms of the conveyance of the Naval Hospital. In 1964, the city had sold the property to the Navy for $10. Long Beach had a growing naval community and the Navy had, in large part, been a good neighbor. In recent years, that has proven not to be the case. The Navy demanded $8.5 million for the property. The same piece of property that the city gave to them for $10. In an effort to get the conveyance process moving, the city reluctantly agreed to the price.  Now, at a time when the Clinton administration is proposing that all current and future economic development conveyances be done at no cost, the Department of Defense has thus far refused to renegotiate the deal. It appears that the Pentagon, with a budget in excess of $250 billion, has a greater need for the $8.5 million than Long Beach with a budget of just $330 million.  This is only one example of the multitude of problems with base closure. It is an inefficient, bureaucratic, and ineffective process. I believe this is the wrong time to authorize a new round of closure. All we would be doing is following one flawed procedure with another.  As California's example shows, local communities have not been given the opportunity to recover from the four previous rounds. Delays caused by lack of funding and red tape have prevented the completion of land transfers and the beginning of reuse.  I believe it is essential that we allow enough time for the base closures of the 1990's to run their course before we deal them the challenges of the 21st century closures. If nothing else, we owe that to our local governments. I urge the defeat of this amendment.  