 President, as the Senator from Georgia so well stated, this legislation is patterned after the President's Executive order that he issued in 1995 which targeted the assets of the powerful Colombian drug kingpins.  That order expanded the International Emergency Economic Powers Act to include ``specially designated narcotics traffickers.'' As issued, the President's Executive order applied to four drug traffickers affiliated with the Colombian Cali cartel. The goal is to completely isolate those targeted drug traffickers.  The Executive order blocks any financial, commercial, and/or business dealings with any entity associated with those named traffickers--to include criminal associates, associated family members, related businesses, and financial accounts.  The way this amendment would work is the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control would develop a list of specially designated narcotics traffickers worldwide in consultation with the Department of Justice, the CIA, and the Department of State.  The President could amend the list, and he would officially sign off on the list. Then that Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control would enforce sanctions with criminal penalties of up to $500,000 per violation for corporations, and $250,000 for individuals, as well as up to 10 years in prison.  It is a meaningful sanction.  By focusing on the financial relationship between drug cartels and their associated business relationships, the Executive order--and now this amendment--is directed toward those entities that created the drug problem in our country. And those entities can be located anywhere in the world. They are major drug traffickers.  This order has proven successful in quelling the Colombian Cali cartel. This amendment expands it worldwide. Under this Executive order, more than 400 Colombian and other companies and individuals affiliated with drug trafficking have been targeted by the Treasury Department. These entities are denied access to banking services in the United States and Colombia. Existing bank accounts have actually been shut down. As a result, more than 400 Colombian accounts have been closed. That has affected over 200 companies and individuals engaged in drug trafficking.  By February 1998, through the President's Executive order, over 40 of these companies with estimated combined annual sales of over $200 million have been forced out of business.  The Rodriguez Orejuela business of the Cali cartel has been particularly damaged by their lack of access to banks in the United States and Colombia. These companies have been forced to operate largely on a cash basis because most banks now refuse to provide them services.  One of the cartel's holdings, Laboratorios Kressfor, eventually went through liquidation because of blocking actions by the U.S. banks. Other business accounts were closed because of the sanctions it incurred as a result of doing business with drug traffickers. This company, too, is now in liquidation.  Drug cartels today are more powerful, more violent, and have a far greater reach than traditional organized crime organizations ever had in the past, and they kill more people.  I believe they pose a most significant threat to the national security of this country.  We have seen that destructive power over and over again. In Colombia, Mexico, Burma, Cambodia, Nigeria, and elsewhere drug traffickers have used violent means to pursue their deadly trade. They are the common enemy of all civilized nations. We need to work together to meet this common threat.  The United States is not immune from the devastating effects of global drug trade. Measured in dollar values, at least four-fifths of all illicit drugs consumed in the United States are of foreign origin. Four-fifths of drugs consumed in the United States are of foreign origin, including virtually all of the cocaine and heroin.  These cartels have now made strong inroads in major cities including Los Angeles, Phoenix, Dallas, San Francisco, and San Diego. They are enlisting and have enlisted street gangs as distributors. They are spreading their operations throughout our Nation and arrests are taking place in less likely places--Des Moines, IA; Greensboro, NC; Yakima, WA; New Rochelle, NY.  The President's 1995 Executive order targeting the Cali cartel in Colombia was an effective means of isolating the cartel and its affiliated businesses. It choked off vital revenue streams and helped the Colombian Government take down the cartel.  With the authority to reach countries beyond Colombia, the President can now work, if this amendment is passed, to isolate other major criminal drug syndicates around the world and impose upon them and their associates a similar fate to that of the Cali cartel. It is my hope that with a new emphasis on this expanded authority and with the concerted intelligence effort to develop sufficient data about the cartels and their associates in this country and abroad, the United States will be able to work with our allies to expose, isolate, and cut off the major drug-trafficking syndicates that pose a threat to all of our societies.  This crucial mission can only be accomplished together. We must work together to see that our governments are properly equipped to carry it out successfully. To that end, this amendment establishes clear procedures through which the Treasury Department, the Justice Department, the CIA, and the Defense Department can gather information, share that information with their counterparts, and make recommendations to the President as to those cartels that represent the greatest risk to our Nation.  Coordinated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control in the Department of Treasury, the expanded program will target new international drug cartels with the same successful financial choke holds that worked so well in Colombia. This will not be an easy process. The results will not be immediate. A great deal depends on intelligence and its availability. It also must be applied universally.  This legislation is a serious effort to hit the world's major traffickers where they live and to put them and their associates out of business.  I thank Senator Coverdell for working so tirelessly with me on this bill. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting our efforts.  I yield the floor.  