 President, I rise in opposition to the motion made by the Senator from New Hampshire to discharge S.J. Res. 27, which would disapprove of the President's recommendation of normal trade relations with China, from further consideration by the Committee on Finance.  My opposition to this motion is based both on procedural grounds as well as my opposition to the policy goals advocated by the proponents of this motion.  Aside from these procedural questions raised by this motion --whether the Senate should act in advance of the House and whether the committee should be discharged of this resolution before it has the opportunity to give it full consideration--which have been eloquently addressed by the chairman and ranking member of the Finance Committee, there is also a real factual question raised by this motion which must also be addressed.  The factual question is this: Is it in the U.S. interest to continue to extend normal trade relations to China?  In my view it is.  The United States extends NTR to all but a handful of rouge states: North Korea, Afghanistan, Cuba, Laos, and the Former Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro). Even Iraq and Iran--two countries which the United States is trying to isolate--currently have NTR. Placing China on a short list or rouge nations to whom we deny NTR would be an irreversible step in the wrong direction and a severe blow to the national interest of the United States.  Let us remember, we do not extend NTR to China as a favor to China, but because maintenance of NTR with China is in our national interest.  It is in our national interest as a matter of simple economics. The United States benefits from, and should continue to foster, free and fair trade with China.  In 1991, United States-China bilateral trade totaled $25 billion. Last year it was close to $85 billion. In 1991 China was our eighth largest trading partner. Today it is our fourth, and still moving up fast.U.S. trade with China supports hundreds of thousands of American jobs. Revoking China's NTR status would be shooting ourselves in the foot.  Indeed, for my state, California, the growth of trade relations with China over the past decade has been just as dramatic. In 1998, exports to China and Hong Kong together were California's fourth largest export destination. In 1998, while California's total exports declined 4.17%, due to the Asian financial crisis, our exports to China (not including Hong Kong) increased 9.28%.  Critics of United States-China trade relations may argue that even though U.S. exports to China have more than doubled in the past decade, Chinese exports to the U.S. have gone up even faster, resulting in a sizable trade deficit. I would reply that this underscores the importance of normalizing and improving our trade with China through continued NTR: U.S. companies must get continued and better access to emerging Chinese markets.  Extension of NTR is in our national interest because the United States will benefit by the further integration of China into the world trading system. The stakes are huge. Extension of NTR is a necessary precursor for Chinese accession to the WTO, which presents us an historic opportunity to integrate China--soon to be the world's largest economy--into the international trading system.  Extension of NTR is in our national interest because having China in the world trading system levels the playing field. The WTO's system of reporting, compliance, and dispute resolution would require China to play by same rules all WTO members follow.  Extension of China's NTR status is in our national interest because history has shown us that, despite the turmoil of the past few months, U.S. trade and engagement with China has encouraged economic, political, and social change in China. These changes have improved the living standards for millions of Chinese and reduced cold-war tensions. Those who are serious about seeing China continue to change will understand and realize that extension of NTR is the best course of action for the U.S. to follow.  There is no question that China's political system remains undemocratic. But we should not fail to acknowledge the progress that has been made over the past two decades, thanks in part to the leverage provided by U.S. trade. To acknowledge this change is not to minimize the real problems that do exist; it is only to recognize that changes are taking place, and that many of these changes are a direct result of greater engagement with the West.  To seek to deny China NTR status is tantamount to seeking to slam shut the Chinese people's door to a free world, and consigning them to isolation and repression. That is certainly not in our national interest, and it is not in the interest of the Chinese people, either.  Mr. President, I urge my colleague to oppose this motion.  