 President, I wish to speak for a few moments today about a bill that many Senators, some 70 of us, believe will improve the lives of millions of disabled Americans. The Work Incentives Improvement Act would allow disabled adults to enter the workforce without placing their Medicaid or Medicare benefits at risk. I particularly thank Senators Kennedy, Jeffords, Moynihan, and Roth for their outstanding leadership in crafting this legislation. I am very proud to be a cosponsor.  Today, more than 8 million working-age adults receive disability payments from the Federal Government for conditions that range from paralysis to multiple sclerosis. A recent Harris poll showed that 72 percent of these disabled people would really like to work, but disabled Americans face a terrible Catch-22. The Federal Medicaid program won't cover people who continue to work and remain disabled. So if a disabled adult earns more than $500 a month, he or she loses their Medicaid. That is the rub.  The eligibility criteria for Medicaid benefits have had a devastating effect on disabled Americans. The Medicaid program equates having a disability with being poor and unable to work, furthering inaccurate stereotypes about disability. To make things worse, the Medicaid program ensures that disabled people who do work end up having to shoulder the cost of their care by themselves.  For all but the best-off disabled Americans, these costs are prohibitive. People with serious medical conditions can't pay the out-of-pocket costs of their medical treatment. These costs can run into the tens of thousands of dollars each year. In other words, if a disabled American does have a job, the minute that disabled American earns more than $500 a month, they fall off a cliff and they lose their Medicaid ortheir Medicare. So millions of disabled Americans remain dependent on cash assistance from the Federal Government simply because they can't work and keep Medicaid at the same time.  Last year, I wrote to President Clinton urging a remedy to the situation. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Work Incentives Improvement Act. This bill allows Americans with disabilities to enter the workforce without losing their health coverage under Medicaid or Medicare. Even if disabled people are working in full-time jobs with health benefits, they will be able to buy their Medicaid coverage for medical expenses that their regular insurance does not cover.  In addition, the Work Incentives Improvement Act sets up a new system called Ticket to Work, to provide better job training and placement services for the disabled. The Work Incentives Improvement Act will enable disabled Americans to pursue self-sufficiency, to achieve independence, and to contribute in meaningful ways to our economy. It is certainly an idea whose time has come. That is why over 70 Senators have signed on as cosponsors.  Unfortunately, the Senate has not had the chance to vote on this important legislation. The reason I am on the floor today, as well as others who I hope will be coming to the floor, is to urge Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to bring the Work Incentives Improvement Act to the Senate floor for a vote soon. No one should have to choose between a job and their health. By preserving Federal health benefits for disabled workers, we can avoid the Catch-22 and, most importantly, we can help the disabled to live full and healthy lives.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  