 President, today I want to talk about the importance of patients being able to see medical specialists. I support the Bingaman amendment to the HMO bill before us.  As co-chair of the Senate Cancer Coalition, I am keenly aware of the importance of being able to see a doctor that has the expertise to properly diagnose and treat illnesses, particularly a complex or difficult-to-diagnose illness. There are hundreds of medical conditions that probably require a specialist and sooner or later we all have to visit with one--whether it be a dermatologist, a cardiologist, or an oncologist, to name a few.  For cancer, here's how the American Cancer Society has expressed it:       Diagnosing and treating cancer is complex, multi-stage      process often involving many visits with an oncologist or      other specialist. Timely referrals are critical. However,      according to a poll [March 1997] by the Commonwealth Fund, 8      of 10 physicians in managed care plans report ``somewhat or      very serious problems with being able to refer patients to      specialists of their choice.'' This same poll also found that      22 percent of physicians with more than half of their      patients in managed care plans say they have a direct      disincentive to refer.  The amendment before us would:  Require plans to refer patients, who have conditions requiring treatment by a specialist, to specialists in a timely manner. If a qualified specialist is not available in the plan, it requires the plan to cover services provided by the outside specialist at no additional cost to the patient. If a qualified specialist is available in the plan, it requires the patient to pay any costs over what the plan would pay;  Require plans to permit patients to designate specialists as their primarycare physician, when the patient has a life-threatening, degenerative, or disabling disease requiring specialized care over a prolonged period of time, such as cancer or heart disease. The specialist would coordinate the patients' overall care; and  Require plans to give patients with a condition requiring ongoing care, a standing referral to the specialist so that patients do not have to obtain a separate referral for each visit.  We need to pass this amendment guaranteeing access to specialists because we have heard story after story about managed care plans refusing to let sick people see a specialist and using financial incentives to, for example, punish doctors who refer to specialists. A study reported in the November 19 New England Journal of Medicine found that 57 percent of physicians said they felt pressure from managed care plans to limit referrals.  Sick people need specialized care. This amendment addresses the concerns of many doctors and patients who have shared their experiences with me. Specialists, from neurologists to pediatric nephrologists, report that plans regularly deny referrals for their specialized expertise. Even more troubling, these specialists report that they often still find themselves called for advice in these complicated cases without the benefit of ever having seen or examined the patient.  Here are some examples:  Dr. Jack Thomas, of Long Beach, California, in a Los Angeles Times article on May 13, 1999 said that one patient was ``in severe pain for several weeks while awaiting orthopedic consultation'' and that urgent consultation with gynecology was not approved after a two-week wait for another patient who continued ``to experience severe dysfunctional uterine bleeding.''  When the list of providers for the HMO did not have any physicians skilled in the treatment of brain tumors with which her daughter Sarah had been born (and as had been recommended by a neurosurgeon), Brenda Pederson, of San Mateo, California reports that her HMO told her ``we're not giving you second best, we're giving you what's on the list.'' Patients such as Sarah should not be limited to who is ``on the list,'' but should be able to go the doctor her mother and her doctor believe has the expertise to treat the illness.  Dr. Jack Shohet, Director of Neurology, University of California, Irvine, has said, ``Delay of referral is very common in the area in which I practice.'' He gives the following example: A 48-year old woman presented to her primary care provider about 6 months before seeing Dr. Shohet, with complaints of an ear ache. She was treated with multiple courses of antibiotics over 5 months by her primary care physician. The primary care physician noted a large mass in her auditory canal and biopsied it. It was positive for squamous cell carcinoma. He then referred to her Dr. Shohet (who is out of network) for therapy. By this time, she had a fungating mass with metastasis and cancer and spread in her neck. She had to have an operation which necessitated sacrificing her hearing. He says, ``One wonders how extensive her disease would have been 5 months earlier had she been referred early on to a qualified specialist.''  Denial of care is the biggest ethical concern to a majority of younger physicians, according to the August 1998 California Physician.  Having a standing referral to a specialist for ongoing care is important too. Patients should not have to continually return to their primary care provider for a referral when they have found a specialist who can treat that illness. California has a state law allowing enrollees who require continuing care to have standing referrals to specialists.  Writing to me in March of this year, a constituent who has battled chronic disease for twenty years requiring multiple surgeries noted, ``I cannot underscore the incredible waste of time it is for patients with Crohn's disease to have to see two doctors for every visit to the gastroenterologist!!'' This bill requires a standing referral to specialists for persons who require ongoing care from specialists so that patients can get the care they need in a timely manner.  Care by specialists benefits patients with chronic disease. Analyzing data about asthma patients in a major California HMO (Health Net), a report in the March 9, 1998 Archives on Internal Medicine concluded ``asthma specialists provided more thorough care than did primary care physicians.'' A 1997 study from the Mayo Clinic notes that ``outcomes, coordination, and patient satisfaction are superior when specialists have a central role'' in the management of chronic rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases.  Specialists' care is good business. Providing access to speciality care makes good business sense. Citing its ``market-driven design'' including use of focus groups, Blue Shield of California has been offering direct access to speciality care since 1998. Its ``Access Plus'' plan allows patients to go directly to a specialist for a fixed, $30 copayment per visit. In the May/June 1999 issue of Health Affairs, Blue Shield senior managers Kathleen Richard and Ken Wood report that the health plan is the fastest growing HMO in California. They also report that patient satisfaction has increased by 50 percent.  And how much did this new program cost? Blue Shield found that the actual cost of the direct access program was much, much lower than even they themselves had forecast--fully 75 to 90 per-cent less than what they had anticipated.  Providing prompt, continued access to specialists can also result in cost savings in a managed care environment. Dr. Roland Blantz who heads the Division of Nephrology at the University of San Diego noted in a visit to our office a seven-year Kaiser study in the Los Angeles area which showed highly significant savings when patients were referred to kidney specialists for evaluation and treatment of elevated creatinine levels.  Our California experience shows that access to specialists can improve patients' health and increase plan satisfaction while keeping costs down.  Delayed care hurts. The bill requires that plans provide timely referrals to specialists who are available and accessible. A December 1998 General Accounting Office report on specialty care found that heart attack survivors who were seen regularly by cardiologists have better compliance with medications, by a factor of almost 50 percent, over treatment by generalists. Having to wait weeks or even months to get an appointment with a specialists from an HMO is a frequent complaint.  Mary Schriever of Cypress, California tried to get a referral from her HMO for psychiatric care for her son Bill who had performed self-mutilation on his arms by burning and carving himself. After two refusals over 18 months, they paid themselves for him to see a counselor. But even as his behavior deteriorated more, their further attempts to obtain the help of a specialist continued to be rebuffed. It was only in jail, after he was taken into custody by the police, that he finally saw a physchiatrist. Before being released and after a fight, he died of a brain hemorrhage.  Some have said, HMOs are fine--until you get sick.  A recent survey by Franklin Health entitled ``Facing Serious Illness in America'' and published on May 17, 1999, found that ``fully 6 out of 10 Americans believe that the current system is profoundly inadequate when it comes to dealing with medical catastrophes'' and that 93 per-cent of those surveyed believed that it is very important to have the right to choose one's own doctor regardless of plan.  Patients should not have to fight for their health care. This amendment will ensure that when people are really sick and need to see experts, they can. They will be able to use often what little energy they have when ravaged by serious illness to obtain the specialized care they need to make important decisions at such critical times.  I hope my colleagues will join me in passing this amendment.  