 President, I rise to cosponsor the amendment offered by my colleagues from Pennsylvania and Louisiana expressing the sense of Congress regarding the need for vigorous prosecution of war crimes, genocide, and crimes against humanity in the former Republic of Yugoslavia.  This amendment expresses the Sense of Congress that:  The United States should provide sufficient resources for an expeditious investigation of the allegations of war crimes committed in Kosovo;  The United States should provide all possible cooperation to the Tribunal in the gathering of evidence;  Where evidence warrants, indictments should be issued for war crimes and that the United States and all nations have an obligation to honor arrest warrants; and,  NATO should not accept a settlement in Kosovo that would bar the indictment, apprehension, or prosecution of war criminals.  During the past two months, Kosovo has witnessed carnage and bloodshed unseen in Europe for almost fifty years. These events are the culmination of a decade-long campaign of terror and bloodshed in the Balkans engineered by Mr. Milosevic.  Over 1.2 million Kosovar Albanians are now displaced, having been forced to flee their homes. Over 700,000 Kosovars are now refugees, most in Albania, Macedonia, and Montenegro. Others have been forced to hide in the forests and mountains.  The United States now has hard evidence that war crimes have been committed. A report issued by the State Department earlier this month entitled ``Erasing History: Ethnic Cleansing in Kosovo'' argued that: ``At this writing, the forces of Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic continue to burn, loot, rape, shell, and de-populate Kosovo, and thousands of refugees continue to flee into neighboring Albania and Macedonia. The refugees coming out of Kosovo are only now beginning to tell their stories. Yet even these fragmented accounts portray a systematic policy of ethnic cleansing.''  This report alleges that:  Serbian forces have made Pristina, the capital of Kosovo, a ghost town. Serbian military, police, and paramilitary forces expelled between 100,000 to 120,000 persons from Pristina in only four days. Kosovars in Macedonia indicate that only 100 ethnic Albanians remain in Pristina. Serbian forces are stealing and ``confiscating'' furniture from abandoned homes.  In Pec, Serbian forces herded young Albanian women to the Hotel Karagac [Kara-jack], and raped them repeatedly. The commander of the local base used a roster of soldiers' names to allow his troops to visit the hotel on a rotating basis.  Violence in western Kosovo is stronger than in any other region of the province. Pec was emptied of ethnic Albanians in 24 hours. In Djakovica's [Jack-o-vika] old city, Serbian forces burned 200 to 600 homes the day after NATO airstrikes began. By the next day, the rest of the old city had been torched.  The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees stated that the Djakovica region, and I quote, ``undoubtedly has been one of the most violent and cruel in the whole of Kosovo, turning it at times into a virtual killing field.''  In fact, the bulk of these crimes are being committed by the Serb paramilitary units, such as the ``White Eagles'' and ``Tigers'' under the direct control of the Ministry of the Interior, and, in turn, accountable to Mr. Milosevic.  Indeed, the campaign waged by Mr. Milosevic in Kosovo is a virtual catalog of systematic crimes which I believe merit investigation by the International War Crimes Tribunal. The crimes, to summarize, are:  Forced expulsions: Over one million people have been forced from their homes;  Looting and Burning: Some 500 residential areas have been burned since late March, including over 300 villages burned since April 4;  Detentions: Consistent refugee reports that Serbian forces are separating military-aged men from their families in a systematic pattern. Some analysts estimate that the total number of missing men is as high as 100,000. Their fate is unknown;  Summary Execution: Refugees have provided accounts of summary executions in at least 70 towns and villages throughout Kosovo;  Rape: Ethnic Albanian women are reportedly being raped in increasing numbers. Refugee accounts indicate systematic and organized mass rapes in Djakovica and Pec;  Identity Cleansing: Refugees report that Serbian authorities have confiscated passports and other identity papers, systematically destroyed voter registers and other aspects of Kosovo's civil registry, and even removed license plates from departing vehicles as part of a policy to prevent returns to Kosovo.  The civilized world must send a strong and unambiguous message that ethnic cleansing, genocide, and mass rape are not acceptable, and will not be tolerated.  I will never forget, about 4 years ago, I picked up a copy of the New York Times and opened it. There was a rather large picture of a young girl about 15 years old. She had sort of a Dutch cut, bangs hanging over her forehead. She had on a school uniform. But there was something very wrong with the picture: She was hanging from a tree. Dead in Srebrenica.  And then it came out that there was a major massacre of thousands of people in that supposedly protected enclave by the Serbian military. And to this day, 5,000 to 7,000 Muslim men and boys are simply missing. A few have been found in mass graves, but the most still remain missing.  This crime, too, was committed by those who followed Mr. Milosevic's orders.  I would say that when any nation on earth permits their military police to wear hoods and cover their face while they are carrying out their official duties, then you know that what they are doing is not legal.  And there can be little doubt that those who conduct these activities in Kosovo--be they in the Yugoslav military or in paramilitary outfits such as the ``White Eagles'' or the ``Tigers'' --that they are acting on orders which come from Mr. Milosevic.  And now there are reports that Yugoslav authorities have begun to dig up the mass graves in Kosovo in an effort to destroy evidence that could be used against them in war crimes trials.  Try as they might to hide their crimes, the world now knows what has happened in Kosovo. The regime of Mr. Milosevic has been waging war on the people of the Balkans for close to ten years now. The international community must stand up to this, or we willset the stage for further bloodshed and tragedy in Asia, in Africa, and elsewhere in Europe. Mr. Milosevic must be held accountable for the orders which he has given, and the crimes which he has ordered committed.  I urge my colleagues to join me and the distinguished Senators from Pennsylvania and Louisiana and support this amendment. It sends a clear message to Mr. Milosevic and others who commit crimes against humanity: You will be held accountable, and you will be brought to justice.  