15 to $6.15 in two steps by September 1 of the year 2000. Before addressing my remarks directly, I want to make two comments. The first is really to thank the senior Senator from Massachusetts for his prodigious, sustained, and enthusiastic work on a minimum wage increase. I very much doubt that this would be on the calendar were it not for his constant perseverance.  The second is to say that I do not believe there is any piece of legislation that has been passed by this Congress or this Senate this year that can have the possible positive impact on Americans an increase in the minimum wage will at this particular point in time. I want to make that argument.  This amendment is about families making ends meet. It is about people being able to pay for rent and put food on the table. The bottom line is that the current minimum wage is simply not enough to live on. An estimated11.4 million workers will benefit from the passage of this amendment; 1.5 million of them are in California alone. For a full-time worker, a $1 an hour increase in the minimum wage means a $2,000 a year raise. That is an extra $2,000 to pay the rent, to buy groceries, to send their children to school. For these workers, an increase in the minimum wage will make a huge difference.  Although the number of people living in poverty in the United States since 1992 has declined--and it has--by about 9 percent, from 38 million people to 34.5 million people, in California the number of people living in poverty has actually remained relatively unchanged, 5.19 million people to 5.12 million people living in poverty.  As recently as 1997, California has actually seen a 5 percent increase in the number of people living in poverty. Despite the incredible economic growth the United States has experienced throughout the mid and late 1990s, in California more than 15 percent of the population of the seventh largest economic engine on Earth lives in poverty. That is incredible. This troubling statistic clearly shows that not all segments of the workforce are benefiting from the economic expansion.  On September 4, the Center on Budget and Policy Priority released what I am sure my colleagues know, and hopefully will agree, is a very disturbing report on the widening gap between the rich and the poor over the last 20 years. California is an example of that gap.  Based on data collected by the Congressional Budget Office, the study found that the average after-tax income of the top 20 percent of households increased from about $74,000 in 1977 to more than $102,000 in 1999. The average after-tax income of the top 1 percent of the economic earners in this country will almost double, going from $234,000 to $515,000 in 1999. This indicates that those in the top income levels are doing very well all across this great Nation.  The bad news is that the income of the bottom fifth of households is actually falling. It has fallen from $9,900 to $8,700 over the same period.  So while the top income earners are prospering, those at the lower end of the income scale are doing worse than a generation ago.  When you have a high-cost State, this chasm is actually exaggerated. So what you have is a growing split between the very wealthy and the very poor in this country.  In 1977, the top 1 percent of the U.S. households received 7.3 percent of the Nation's after-tax income, and 22 years later that has gone up; they received 12.9 percent. That is a 4.4 percent increase for upper income Americans. In fact, the top 1 percent will receive as much after-tax income as the bottom 38 percent. This means the 2.7 million wealthiest Americans will be earning the same amount as the poorest 100 million Americans.  That is the case with 15 percent of the people in California.  Over the past several years, we have seen an explosion in the creation of wealth that is unprecedented in U.S. history. The strong economy has brought prosperity to large numbers of people. But that is not the whole story. More individuals and families are earning less and having a difficult time making ends meet.  It is time, I think, that we recognize this and do something about it. Passing the Daschle amendment is the first step we can take--50-cent minimum wage increase the first year and 50-cent minimum wage the second year.  Perhaps the greatest testament to the inadequacy of the minimum wage is that many communities are now recognizing how inadequate it is. And they are moving on their own to create a new concept that is called a ``living wage.'' These jurisdictions are insisting that those who do business with the local government pay their employees a living wage salary.  San Jose, CA, has adopted a living wage of $10.75.  In San Antonio, TX, it is $10.13 an hour.  In Boston, it is $8.23 an hour.  In my hometown of San Francisco, there is consideration ongoing for a living wage of $11.  More than 35 other localities and municipalities have adopted living wages. Clearly, it is a reaction to the inadequacy of the Federal minimum wage, which is generally too little too late to sustain people. So it is time for the Federal Government to follow the lead of our cities and take the simple step that is so important to millions of working families.  Many families in this country are just one paycheck away from disaster, whether it is an illness, the need to move, or a car that breaks down. People live paycheck to paycheck, and they live with the fear that they might not be able to make it this month or next month.  I think those figures and those statements are responsible for some of the things the Senator from Massachusetts pointed out on the floor a little bit earlier: The fear that families have, the stress that women work under, and the additional hours for women in the workplace more than men, the fact that so many children wish their family could have less stress, and could spend more time with them is all a part of this picture.  People can work 40 hours a week. In the most industrialized country on Earth, those people still can't support their family, still can't repair a broken car, still can't pay their rent, and still live from paycheck to paycheck.  In fact, a minimum-wage worker who works 40 hours a week 50 weeks a year earns only $10,300 a year. The poverty line for a family of three is $13,880, and, for a family of four, it is $16,700.  So you have a worker who is working at a minimum-wage job and has a family, that worker is substantially below the poverty level and the family is below the poverty level. What happens? People are forced to hold two jobs. Families are forced to have both parents working. Children are often left alone because child care, of course, is too costly or nonexistent.  Let me give you one case, a resident of San Francisco. Her name is Bernardine Emperado. She works more than 60 hours a week at a rental car job, and she supplements this salary by selling hot dogs at 49ers games on Sunday.  Nobody can tell me rental car agencies shouldn't pay a minimum wage of $6-plus. Nobody can ever convince me of that. Despite two incomes, she can't afford her own apartment. She lives with her mother and college-age daughter. Something is seriously wrong with our wage scale if someone working 60 hours a week is unable to afford life's basic necessities.  The traditional argument against raising the minimum wage is that when you increase wages, it costs jobs. And we just heard the majority whip make that point eloquently. The facts don't bear that out. Since the minimum wage was increased in October of 1996, we have gained 8.7 million new jobs in this country, most of them in the form of small businesses and new businesses. As a matter of fact, that has been the explosion--new businesses, small businesses, just the businesses that pay many of their people a minimum-wage salary.  In a strong economy, raising the minimum wage will not cost jobs. And it is time to do it. As a matter of fact, there is no better time to do it than when the economy is flush. And the economy has not been this flush in a long time.  I say to you that if we fail to raise the minimum wage, and to raise it on a regular basis, we will see virtually every city in this Nation, in addition to the 35 that are now doing it, enact their own living wage. This will vary. I think we will increasingly find this minimum wage is going to be $10 or more if it is left to the city.  I think it is prudent to raise the minimum wage. I think this is the time to do it. I think it is unfair to ask someone to live on $10,000. I think for the millions of workers who, as a product of this action, will have $2,000 more in their pocket to pay for rent, to pay for clothes, to fix a car, to make a move, this is the single most important piece of social economic legislation this body can pass.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Santorum). The Senator from New Mexico.  