 President, I first began to believe that global warming was a major threat in 1998 when a 92-mile long and 30-mile wide iceberg broke loose from the Antarctic Ice Shelf. It was 1\1/2\ times the size of Delaware. NOAA said it was a possible indicator of global warming.  I began to take a look at some of the other things that have happened in the last few years. I find that we have the first species extinction in Costa Rica because of it. I find that it now has an impact on the El Nino cycle in the Pacific Ocean. I find that there is a serious degradation of coral reefs in the Indian Ocean, and 70 percent of the existing coral reefs are affected.  I am a SUV owner. I own three jeeps. I love my jeeps. I have no doubt, though, that my jeeps can have the same kind of fuel efficiency standards as my automobile.  Then you have to look and say, well, if my three jeeps have the same kind of fuel efficiency, what would that do for global warming?  Carbon dioxide is the main culprit in global warming. Our country is the largest emitter and producer of carbon dioxide in the world. The United States saves 3 million barrels of oil because of fuel efficiency standards. If SUVs, similar to my jeeps, had fuel efficiency standards equal to those of automobiles, we would save another 1 million barrels of oil a day. If the 8 million or so of the other SUVs around the United States and the light trucks had these same standards, it would eliminate 187 million tons of CO2 from the air. The experts have said it is the largest single thing, bar none, that we can do to influence global warming in a positive way.  It seems so easy to do it. We know it can be done. We know it need not influence the efficiency of the engines. And we know there is technology that can make it so.  So raising these so-called CAFE standards or fuel efficiency standards so the SUVs are equal to other passenger automobiles at about 27 miles per gallon instead of 20 miles per gallon does not seem to me to be an unrealistic thing to ask Detroit to do. But instead, since 1995, there has been a rider in this bill which says to the Government that we can't even look, we can't even study, and we can't even make any findings to see whether, in fact, it is possible to bring SUVs up to automobile standards with respect to fuel efficiency.  I believe very strongly that this is the largest single positive environmental step this Congress can take to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in the atmosphere. To have a rider in a bill which says you can't even study it, you can't even see if what I am saying is true, I think makes no sense whatsoever.  As I say, I love my three jeeps. But I will tell you, I am going to look for a sports utility vehicle that has equal fuel efficiency standards in the future.  Additionally, what would this do for the consumer? It is estimated that by simply requiring SUVs to meet the same average CAFE requirements as automobiles would save the consumer more than $2,000 in fuel costs over the life of each vehicle. It seems to me that is a pretty easy way to give people almost a kind of tax rebate. You save money buying fuel for your car because you buy less of it over the life of the car. And it is estimated those savings are $2,000 per vehicle.  More importantly, 117 million Americans live where smog sometimes makes the air unsafe to breathe where asthma is on the increase and where respiratory problems are developing. Almost one-half of this pollution is caused by so-called nonpoint sources. That means the automobile. Attempting to improve the efficiency of vehicles we drive helps address this problem as well.  There is no substantive evidence to support the fact that this would provide technological problems that Detroit cannot meet.  I hasten to point out, we do not include in this amendment, and the intent of this amendment is not to include, agricultural equipment that works on agricultural products in fields. However, with this amendment we would learn a couple of things. One, the air would be cleaner. Consumers would save significant money in fuel costs--$2,000 over the life of each vehicle--and we would go a long way to address the problem of global warming.  I am hopeful that this measure will pass today.  I view with some surprise the degree to which this measure is being lobbied by automobile interests in this country. As an SUV car owner, as a jeep lover, as someone who would like to buy additional cars, this is an important point to me. It seems to me some automobile company ought to be willing to address it, to bring these SUVs up to automobile standards.  I stand strongly in support of the amendment. I thank my colleagues, Senator Bryan, Senator Gorton, and others, who also support the amendment. I am hopeful there will be enough Senators to say: Let's not go about this with blinders; let's take one good look and see if this is really possible; let's do the necessary studies; let's work together to do the largest single thing we can do, relatively painlessly, to reduce global warming.  I yield the floor.  