 President, for 7 years now as a member of the Senate Judiciary committee I have watched the situation in this nation going from bad to worse to terrible with respect to violence and its glorification in the media.  I am voting for this amendment because I believe it gives the various industries what they need to be able to establish voluntary guidelines through a voluntary ``code of conduct'' to limit the depictions of violence in music, films, video games or television.  This amendment provides the entertainment industry with an exemption from antitrust laws in order to develop and disseminate voluntary codes of conduct with respect to violence, similar to the National Association of Broadcasters television code prior to 1983, when a court helt the code violated antitrust laws.  Additionally, the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission will be directed to conduct a joint investigation of the marketing practices used by the makers of video games, music and motion pictures to determine whether they engage in deceptive marketing practices, including directly targeting material to minors, which is unsuitable for minors.  Furthermore, the National Institutes of Health will be directed to conduct a study of the effects of violent video games and music on child development and youth violence, examining whether and to what extent such violence affects the emotional and psychological development of juveniles and whether it contributes to juvenile delinquency and youth violence.  The glorification of violence in the media has reached such an extent that a manufacturer of interactive computer games to young people advertises: ``Kill your friends, guilt free.''  With such messages of death and degradation delivered through the media, and with our nation awash with guns easily accessible to young people, is it any surprise that troubled youths are now taking up these weapons and going on rampages, killing their classmates and teachers?  The latest of these tragedies occurred in Littleton, Colorado, where Eric Harris spent hours and hours playing violent computer games like Doom and Quake, featuring the wholesale slaughter of digital enemies before joining his friend Dylan Klebold in killing 12 other students and a teacher.  Isn't it time, at the very least, that the manufacturers of video games, television programs, motion pictures and music acknowledge the impact on young people of the carnage they promulgate and demonstrate through a voluntary code of conduct some willingness to limit the violence?  Isn't it time that the entertainment industry does its best to discourage the production and promotion of gratuitous, simulated death and destruction that all too often triggers real and terrifying acts of violence by our young people?  Isn't it time that we in Congress direct the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission to investigate whether deceptive marketing practices are being employed to target minors?  Isn't it time that we in Congress direct the National Institutes of Health to study the effect of these violent video games and music on our young people?  Isn't it time that we do everything we can to stop tragedies like Littleton from happening again?  