 President, I want to first thank our minority leader for all of his effort in bringing public attention to the plight of pending judicial nominees.  Thanks to Senator Daschle's efforts, we have made some progress. Jim Lorenz, a fine California attorney who served seven years on my judicial selection committee, was confirmed on Friday along with Victor Marrero of New York.  Jim Lorenz's confirmation will help address a desperate shortage of judges in the Southern District of California. I have spoken several times with Marilyn Huff, Chief Judge of the Southern District of California, about the District's caseload crisis.  A recent judicial survey ranked the Southern District as the most overburdened court in the country. The weighted average caseload in the Southern District is 1,006 cases per judge, more than twice the national average.  It is also a significant step forward for the Senate that we will have a vote tomorrow on Associate Attorney General, Ray Fisher, to be a Circuit Judge on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal.  Ray Fisher is an extraordinary nominee who will add some support to the skeleton crew of judges currently presiding on the Ninth Circuit.  Currently, the Ninth Circuit has seven vacancies, which is 25 percent of the total judgeship positions on the circuit.  Each one of these judicial vacancies qualifies as a judicial emergency. The Chief Judge of the Ninth Circuit reports that the Circuit could handle 750 more cases right now if the vacancies were filled.  Prior to his appointment as Associate Attorney General, Ray Fisher was considered one of the top trial lawyers in Southern California. His legal skills are so highly regarded that he recently was inducted into the American College of Trial Lawyers, an honor bestowed on only the top one percent of the profession.  During his 30 year career in private practice, Ray Fisher specialized in the toughest of cases, complex civil litigation, and in alternate dispute resolution. In 1988, he founded the Los Angeles Office of Heller Ehrman, White and McAullife, an office that has grown from 6 attorneys to 48.  The Standing Committee on Federal Judiciary of the American Bar Association has deemed Mr. Fisher ``Well Qualified'' for appointment as Judge of the United States Court of Appeals.  Ray Fisher graduated from Stanford Law School in 1966, where he was president of The Stanford Law Review and awarded the Order of the Coif. Following law school, he served as a law clerk for Judge J. Skelley Wright of United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and Supreme Court Justice William Brennan.  I am confident Ray Fisher's acute interest in public service, specifically in public safety, and his overarching concern for fairness will serve the Ninth Circuit well.  However, I am disappointed that the Senate could not confirm other pending Ninth Circuit nominees. Ray Fisher is a start, but six vacancies remain on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.  Two of those vacancies should be filled by Marsha Berzon and Judge Richard Paez.  It is a disturbing fact that women and minority nominees are having a difficult time getting confirmed by the Senate.  A report by the independent, bipartisan group Citizens for Independent Courts released last week found that during the 105th Congress, the average time between nomination and confirmation for male nominees was 184 days, while for women it was 249 days--a full 2 months longer.  This disturbing trend continues this year. Women and minorities constitute over 55 percent of the President's nominees in 1999; by contrast, only 41 percent of the nominees confirmed this year by the Senate are women or minorities.  All we have ever asked for Marsha Berzon and Richard Paez is that both nominees get an up-or-down vote. If a Senator has a problem with particular nominees, he or she should vote against them. But a nominee should not be held up interminably by a handful of Senators.  Let me assure my colleagues, this does not mark the end of a fight. At some point, legislation is not going to move until Marsha Berzon and Judge Richard Paez get an up-or-down vote. Let me take a moment to discuss the nominations process that these two nominees have experienced.  Judge Richard Paez, the first Mexican-American District judge in Los Angeles, was nominated on January 25, 1996--almost four years ago. He still hasn't made it to the Senate Floor for a vote. Any problem with his nomination can't be with his legal background.  He has 17 years of judicial experience. The American Bar Association found him to be ``well-qualified.'' He is also strongly supported by the legal community in Los Angeles including Gil Garcetti, the District Attorney, the Los Angeles County Police Chiefs' Association and the Association for Los Angeles Deputy Sheriffs. Judge Paez has described this interminable nominations process as a ``cloud'' hanging over his head. Litigants in his court constantly query him if the case is going to be continued, if his case is going to be assigned to someone else, or if Judge Paez is going to keep it. No nominee should have to face this uncertainty. His family has been thrust into the public limelight, and for four years every action he has taken has been subject to microscopic scrutiny.  Marsha Berzon was nominated almost a year and a half ago. She had her first hearing on July 30, 1998, and a second hearing in June 1999. Only in July 1999 was she reported out of committee and her nomination is pending before the Senate. Nationally renowned appellate attorney with over 20 years of appellate practice, she clerked for Supreme Court Justice Brennan and U.S. Court of Appeals Judge James Browning. She graduated Order of the Coif from Boalt Hall, has the support of law enforcement including the National Association of Police Organizations (NAPO) and the International Union of Police Organizations, has strong bipartisan support including former Idaho Senator James Mclure and former EPA Administrator William D. Ruckelshaus.  The slow pace of this nomination has caused an incredible burden on Marsha Berzon both personally and professionally. Due to uncertainty over her future, she has significantly curtailed her private practice, and no longer is representing clients before the Supreme Court or the Ninth Circuit.  Chief Justice Rehnquist recently said that ``[t]he Senate is surely under no obligation to confirm any particular nominee, but after the necessary time for inquiry it should vote him up or vote him down.''  Richard Paez and Marsha Berzon do not deserve to have their distinguishedcareers and personal lives held in limbo. Our institutional integrity requires an up-or-down vote.  Until Marsha Berzon and Richard Paez get votes, this nominations process will remain tainted.  I assure my colleagues in the Senate that the nominations of Marsha Berzon and Richard Paez will not fade away. We will keep pressing for these nominees until they get the vote they deserve. 