 President, I will take this opportunity to respond to the distinguished--I was going to say the difficult Senator, but I mean the distinguished Senator from Oklahoma.  I feel caught on the horns of a dilemma. On one hand, what I am seeing is this is never going to happen on an agriculture appropriations bill. On the other hand, what I am hearing is, you have an offer to offer your amendment; it will be second-degreed; it will be defeated; there won't be a real opportunity to have an up-or-down vote on the amendment.  Our leader, I believe, is willing to come to a reasonable agreement whereby the main points of the Patients' Bill of Rights can be debated on the floor with an agreement that amendments be voted up or down within a certain period of time. But he is very astute. I do not think he wants us to find out that someone comes on the floor, takes up all the time, there is no opportunity for an up-or-down vote on the amendments, there is one vote en bloc, and then the majority leader can come on the floor and undo it all after it is over.  What we are asking for, and maybe now is as good a time as any--I have learned there are times when you go to the wall and there are times when you do not go to the wall, and it is important to know the difference in the timing.  Let me share with the Senator one story that happened at UCLA, which is why I feel so strongly about this Senate passing legislation that prevents arbitrary interference with the physician's treatment and the setting of that treatment, in other words, the hospital length of stay. If the Senator wants, I can give him the doctor's name and he can verify it.  This is about a neurosurgeon who performed surgery at the UCLA Medical Center to remove a brain tumor. The patient's managed care plan covered 1 day in the intensive care unit. After that day, the patient had uneven breathing and fluctuating blood pressure and heart rate. The doctor wanted her to stay in the hospital another day for monitoring. The HMO utilization reviewer consulted the guidebook that said only 1 day was allowed in the ICU, so she was denied the extra day. The doctor thought it would be medically unethical to move the patient out of the ICU, so he kept her there. The next day, the HMO called again and said the cost of the second day would be deducted from the surgeon's fee.  That is the kind of thing that is happening. We have to put an end to it because the result is going to be terrible for the practice of medicine. There are now doctors voting to unionize, to collectively bargain. I know some people have said with some disdain: Oh well, that's just over their wages. I am here to say it is not.  My own doctor at Great Mount Zion Medical Center, now part of the University of California, after 30 years of practice, says he has never been so disillusioned, never been so disappointed. He said the morale of doctors is so low from being countermanded all the time by medical plans and having to hassle to get a drug approved. Using this kind of disincentive of, if you believe a patient belongs in ICU after brain surgery for an additional day, we are going to deduct it from your fee--what kind of a practice of medicine is that?  These are big issues, I say to the Senator from Oklahoma, because, in my view, they are life-or-death issues. We have a chance to address it. I do not want to legislate on an agriculture appropriations bill, but, on the other hand, I believe to the depth and breadth and height of me in this amendment. Other colleagues have other amendments.  The time has come to have a debate on the issue. Our leader will negotiate a fair agreement. I really think it is in your hands. We want an up-or-down vote on these amendments.  This is not an amendment that has been just quickly put together for what someone might say is a political purpose. This amendment has been worked on, it has been vetted, and it is supported by 200 organizations and supported by every single medical organization in this country--nurses, the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association, the American Lung Association--across the board.  No one should be afraid to keep a patient, following brain surgery, in intensive care for an extra day. The gall of the health insurance plan to say, OK, we are deducting it from the doctor's fee. I hope the Senator will have some reaction to this, because I know that is not the way he wants to see medicine practiced in this country.  I can go on and on. Perhaps because my State is such a big managed care State, there are so many examples. They need to be stopped, and there is no better time than right now. All we need is an agreement that will allow some amendments--leave it up to our leaders--up-or-down vote, and prevent the opportunity from sidetracking that up-or-down vote. At the end of this, we will have something.  Senator Kennedy was absolutely right. I remember all the wrangling over the Kennedy-Kassebaum bill, and then finally, bingo, it just got done. That is what we are asking for now. That is what the people of America are asking for now as well.  I yield the floor.  