 This is the same amendment that passed the Senate last year by voice vote. It is an important amendment, which is why I wish to do it today and ask for a rollcall vote.  Last year it was deleted in conference. I believe it will suffer the same fate today if it were simply accepted. I note that the managers have agreed to accept the amendment. I particularly want the Senator from Iowa to know that I am very grateful for that accommodation. However, I run the risk in allowing it to be accepted that it is again expunged in conference.  This amendment requires the Federal Reserve Board to investigate the practice of issuing credit cards indiscriminately and inappropriately and to take necessary action to ensure that consumer credit is not extended recklessly or in a manner that encourages practices which cause consumer bankruptcies.  One part of the amendment, a brief paragraph, is a sense of the Senate that finds that certain lenders may offer credit to consumers indiscriminately and don't take steps to ensure that consumers have the capacity to repay the resulting debt, possibly encouraging consumers to even accumulate additional debt. We all know that to be true. The amendment then goes on to say that the resulting consumer debt may increasingly be a major contributing factor to consumer bankruptcies.  This amendment would authorize the Federal Reserve Board to conduct a study of industry practices of soliciting and extending credit indiscriminately without taking those steps that are prudent to ensure consumers are capable of repaying that debt. Within 1 year of enactment, the Federal Reserve Board would make a public report on its findings regarding the credit industry's indiscriminate solicitation and extension of credit.  The amendment then would allow the Federal Reserve Board to issue regulations that would require additional disclosures to consumers and to take any other actions, consistent with its statutory authority, that the Board finds necessary to ensure responsible industry-wide practices and to prevent resulting consumer debt and insolvency.  Why this amendment? Why is this amendment needed? This amendment directly addresses one of the major causes of personal bankruptcies: bad consumer credit card debt. The typical family filing for bankruptcy in 1998 owed more than 1\1/2\ times its annual income in short-term, high-interest debt. This means that the average family in bankruptcy, with a median income of just over $17,500, had $28,955 in credit card and other short-term, high-interest debt--almost double the income of debt.  Studies by the Congressional Budget Office, the FDIC, and independent economists all link the rise in personal bankruptcies directly to the rise in consumer debt. As consumer debt has risen to an all-time high, so have consumer bankruptcies. Any meaningful bankruptcy reform I think must address irresponsible actions of certain segments of the credit card industry because, after all, this is the major problem that is exacerbating bankruptcy and increasing the number of filings.  Last year, the credit card industry sent out a record 3.45 billion unsolicited offers. That is 30 solicitations for credit cards to every household in America. The number of solicitations jumped 15 percent from the last time I did this amendment to this time I am doing this amendment. So instead of slowing down irresponsible offers of credit to people who cannot possibly repay that credit, they have sped it up.  There are over 1 billion credit cards in circulation, a dozen credit cards for every household in this country. Three-quarters of all households have at least one credit card. Credit card debt has doubled between 1993 and 1997, to $422 billion from just over $200 billion.  During this 2-year debate on this bankruptcy bill, which I support, my staff has contacted numerous credit card issuers. The overwhelming majority of these companies do not check the income of the consumers being solicited. In other words, credit card issuers have no idea whether persons to whom they issued credit cards have the means to pay their bill each month.  One of my constituents from Lakewood, CA, wrote, and this really describes this aptly:       What really bugs me about this is that credit card      companies send out these solicitations for their plastic      cards, and then when they get burned, they start crying foul.      They want all kinds of laws passed to protect them from      taking hits when it's their own practices that caused the      problem.  There is a real element of truth in this. This amendment will not affect any responsible lender. It will not affect the vast majority of the credit card industry who responsibly check consumer credit history before issuing or preapproving credit cards.  Representatives of large credit card issuers have assured me and my staff that they do not provide credit cards to consumers without a thorough credit check. However, I note that major credit cards, such as Visa or MasterCard, do not require banks who issue their cards to check credit history. That is a bona fide area at which an investigation and a study should take a look. Is this a good practice, not to check the bank who issues your card under your auspices and see that they also check the creditworthiness of the individual?  This amendment would affect lenders who fail to even inquire into the consumer's ability to pay or those who specifically target consumers who cannot repay the balances. It was news to me that there is a whole category of companies out there who actually go after people who are overcome with credit card debt and offer them more credit cards to repay that debt. A growing segment of the credit industry, known as subprime lenders, increasingly searches for risk borrowers who they know will make inappropriately low minimum monthly payments and carry large balances from month to month and have to pay extraordinarily high interest rates.  This kind of lending has become the fastest growing, most profitable subset of consumer lending. Although losses are substantial, interest rates of 18 percent to 40 percent on credit card debt make this lending profitable. Many of these often relatively unsophisticated borrowers do not realize that minimum monthly payments just put them deeper in a hole which, in many cases, leads to bankruptcy.  I have somebody close to me who is in that situation and has been in that situation from 1991 to the present day with six or eight credit cards, does not have the income to repay them, and all this individual has had is mounting interest payments and can never get to the principal of the debt. No matter how this individual responds within his or her capabilities, he or she cannot possibly pay off the debt. I even stepped in and made an offer to the credit card companies to repay the debt with a modicum of interest attached to it for this individual and was turned down. They said they made an offer to settle and they rejected the offer, they withdrew the offer of settlement.  Industry analysts estimate that using a typical minimum monthly payment rate on a credit card in order to pay off a $2,500 balance--that is a balance of just $2,500--assuming the consumer never uses the card to chargeanything else ever again, would take 34 years to pay off the balance. That is the situation in which people find themselves.  It is my belief that this is irresponsible. What we are asking is the Federal Reserve do a study, an investigation to see if they agree this is irresponsible.  So this is the core concept.  Oh, let me make one other point. On the situation I just indicated to you, that somebody who had that balance of $2,500 never used the card to charge anything else again, it would take 34 years to pay off that balance. Total payments would exceed 300 percent of the principal.  So what I have found out is, there are people who are needy, who succumb to these credit cards, who engage in not just one credit card with $10,000, but five or six or seven or eight, and maybe have an income of $17,000 or $15,000 a year. They make these purchases, they get into trouble, and they can never pay off their debt. So, yes, bankruptcy looms as the only alternative.  To tighten up their obligations to pay back the debt--which I am in agreement of doing--and yet not evaluate whether these policies of lending are as responsible as they should be is absolutely wrong.  So for the second time in 2 years, I offer this amendment and I ask for the yeas and nays in the hopes that the amendment will be agreed to and will remain in the bill in conference.  