  Mr. President, I join the distinguished Senator from Nevada in saying a few words about Senator John Chafee. I believe our Nation lost a pillar of the Senate last evening. I found John Chafee to be a deeply principled and highly intelligent Senator. Additionally, he was one of the nicest men I have ever had occasion to know in the Senate or anywhere else.  I had the pleasure a couple of years ago of being a dinner guest at the home of John and Virginia Chafee in McLean, a warm, hospitable home, a home that had 8, 10 people gathered around the table informally for dinner, where both John Chafee and Virginia Chafee presided with a warmth and a hospitality that made it the nicest evening I have ever spent in my 7 years in Washington.  I really liked John Chafee, and I had the pleasure of working with him on a number of issues. His record on the environment, on health care, and on gun control is second to none. As chairman of the Senate's Environment and Public Works Committee, Senator Chafee was a leading voice in crafting the Clean Air Act of 1990 which strengthened the Nation's emissions standards. Recently, he led successful efforts to enact oil spill prevention and response legislation and a measure to strengthen the Safe Drinking Water Act.  John Chafee has won virtually every major environmental award in this country due to his tireless efforts to protect our Nation's resources. Recently, we worked together on an effort to rid California's gasoline of MTBE, and just last Thursday, standing right over there in the Senate Chamber, I said: John, when are you going to be able to pass some legislation out of the committee on MTBE? We remarked how moving on this issue has been made more difficult by the ethanol lobby.  I said: You know, John, we really have to move because, in particular, of the California situation.  He said: I know, I know, and I really want to do something to help.  That is the way he was--a very special person who could see beyond his own State's parameters and really reach deep into the hearts of many of us who represent States even on the other side of this great Nation.  I will never forget earlier this year when we stood at the White House together to call for meaningful gun legislation. A few years ago, he even angered many conservatives when he pushed for a ban on the manufacture, sale, and possession of handguns. He was a man who believed in his principles, and he brought them with him to the Senate. Regardless of political party, he responded to those principles when the time came for such a response.  The series of events I went through with Senator Chafee which showed me the most about him was an earlier effort in a group called the Centrist Coalition. This had to do with developing a balanced Federal budget. It took place around, I guess, 4 years ago. We worked for a couple of years. There were 11 members on the Republican side, 11 on the Democratic side. Senator Chafee chaired the Republican portion; Senator Breaux chaired the Democratic portion.  In meeting after meeting, I saw John Chafee's span of knowledge across a whole host of budget items. The Centrist Coalition did, in fact, prepare a budget. We did, and with no hearings, put it on the floor of the Senate. And believe it or not, it got 46 votes. It came close to passing. Many of the major points in that centrist budget actually became part of the leadership understanding with the White House that effectively produced a balanced budget in this Nation. A lot of that diligence and pursuit, over a 2-year period of time, really is a hallmark of the way in which John Chafee worked.  As a member of the Finance Committee, Senator Chafee worked to successfully expand health care coverage for women and children and to improve community services for people with disabilities.  In 1990, he spearheaded his conference's Health Care Task Force and became a prominent figure in the national health reform debate. He went on to lead a bipartisan effort, as has been spoken of on the floor earlier, to craft a comprehensive health care reform proposal in 1994.  He was also an adamant supporter of a woman's right to choose. He opposed the gag rule, which prohibited doctors at federally funded clinics from discussing family planning and abortion services with their patients.  I think Senator Reid, and also the distinguished Senator from Montana, mentioned his service in the Marine Corps in World War II. From talking to John Chafee on the floor of the Senate, it was hard to see him as a robust marine at Guadalcanal. But one of the things I have learned in my life is sometimes people you least suspect are the first ones to jump in the river to save a drowning person. I rather suspect that was John Chafee, that justas he was a Senator's Senator, he could be a hero's hero. So he left behind him a very distinguished military reputation, in which I hope his wife and family will always take great pride.  John Chafee, to me, was a giant in this body. His civility, his manners, his intelligence, his ethics, his credibility were never in challenge by any member of either of our two great parties. As such, I believe he leaves an indisputable legacy.  I thank the Chair.  (The remarks of Mrs. Feinstein pertaining to the introduction of S. 1774 are located in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  