 President, today is November 18. It has been almost 6 months since the Senate passed the juvenile justice bill and more than 5 months since the House followed suit with its own legislation.  Since that time, the students at Columbine High School went home. They spent a summer trying to heal the wounds of one of our Nation's greatest tragedies, and they returned to school more than 2 months ago.  Many of those students touched by the tragedy even came to Washington to plead for our help. Yet this body has done nothing to stop future incidents of gun violence and nothing to fix our broken juvenile justice system.  The Columbine incident shocked this Nation and, I believe, this Congress. Watching events unfold on television made even the most skeptical observers realize that something should be done about gun violence. We have witnessed a number of other instances of gun violence in the media since then. In Atlanta, we saw a depressed day trader gun down his family and colleagues. In California, a bigot killed a postal worker just because he was Filipino, and then wounded five others in the North Valley Jewish Community Center in Granada Hills. Again, the pictures of those young children being led away from the scene of the tragedy were heart wrenching.  But since Columbine, more than 2,000 more children have died from gunshot wounds, about 12 to 13 a day, in incidents of gun violence that go relatively unreported and with outcomes not so public. These incidents will never stop until we do something to stop them. The death rate will never be diminished unless we stand up and take action.  When will the Congress realize that the time has come to move forward? The conference committee, which was appointed at the last minute before the August recess, has met but once, over 3 months ago. No issues have been resolved. The entire juvenile justice bill remains in doubt, in limbo.  Democrats in both Houses have been ready and willing to meet for months. Democrats are ready to discuss the merits of our differences and to reconcile them. The time has come to stop running away from the issue of gun violence. The time has come to enact some meaningful provisions to stem this tide of violence sweeping our schools and to institute some much-needed change to the system of juvenile justice in this Nation.  The Senate spent more than a week in May debating and voting on dozens of provisions to stem the tide of youth violence in this country and to try to curb the flood of guns reaching children and criminals. But still we have faced delay after delay, and the delays come in many forms--political maneuvering, parliamentary tactics; for example, my clip ban was blue slipped, and other tactics.  Enough is enough. It is time to come together to make some tough decisions and move forward with the Nation's business. No longer can we stand by, and I hope the Nation will not let us stand by, to allow the National Rifle Association to dictate the legislative needs of this Congress. The future of this bill rests squarely with the Republican leadership in both the House andthe Senate. They have said they want to make progress with our gun laws, and they have it within their power to do so.  The Senate-passed juvenile justice bill is not an overreaching statement of where we want to go with gun control. I, for example, believe we should have universal registration and licensing of firearms, and in the next session I will introduce my legislation. I believe we should allow the Federal Government to set safety and consumer standards for guns, and I believe we should ban outright possession of military-style assault weapons. But none of these measures were even discussed in the Senate debate.  The provisions, rather, are very small in our bill. They are reasonable, and they can make a difference in the lives of our children. None of them are controversial, and every one of them, by virtually every poll, has a dominant majority of the American people supporting them. Let me describe what I am talking about.  That bill contains just four commonsense provisions to address gun violence. Does anyone in this Nation truly believe juveniles should be able to buy assault weapons? The answer is going to be no. That is one provision in Senator Ashcroft's bill which would prohibit juveniles from possessing assault weapons.  Does anyone in this country truly believe the children from Columbine who went to a gun show and bought two assault weapons as juveniles with no information, no data check, no nothing--does anyone believe that loophole should not be closed? I do not believe so.  In Memphis, TN, not too long ago, a 5-year-old took a pistol off his grandfather's bureau and brought it to kindergarten to kill the teacher because the teacher had given that child a timeout the day before. Stories are legion about children mistaking real guns for play guns and shooting their friends.  The third provision is simple. It would require a safety lock with every gun sold. Does anyone believe guns should not be sold without safety locks? I do not believe so.  Finally, there is my provision which would plug a major loophole in the 1994 assault weapons legislation. That legislation, in fact, says you cannot today manufacture, transfer, sell, or possess a clip, drum, or strip of more than 10 bullets manufactured in the United States. That is the law today. The loophole is to permit the foreign importation of these clips, and they are coming into this country by the tens of millions with literally tens of thousands of them in drums of 250 rounds. They come in, as a matter of fact, from the United Kingdom, and they come in from 20 different countries throughout the world.  My provision would simply close that loophole and prohibit the importation. It actually passed the House by unanimous consent, and both the Speaker and the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee have assured me personally that they see no problem with it and would support it.  These are the four provisions relating to guns. Other than that, this bill contains countless provisions to stem the tide of youth violence. I sit on the Judiciary Committee. I have worked on this bill. I have worked on it with Senator Hatch. Part of this bill is a gang abatement act. It provides a Federal helping hand to local law enforcement agencies to fight criminal street gangs that are now crossing State lines and moving into so many of the cities of our Nation. You, Mr. President, were mayor of a great city. You know this to be the fact. This is an important part of this legislation.  It also contains the James Guelff Body Armor Act which contains reforms to take body armor out of the hands of criminals and put it in the hands of police. It is named after a San Francisco police officer by the name of James Guelff who went to a call at the corner of Pine and California Streets and came across a Kevlar-clad sniper with thousands of rounds of ammunition and a number of guns. He had a .38 revolver. As he speed loaded his revolver, this officer was shot in the head and killed. It took 150 police officers to equal the firepower of one sniper clad in Kevlar with high-powered weapons.  The Senate bill also establishes a new $700 million juvenile justice block grant program for States and localities, representing a significant increase in Federal aid to the States for juvenile crime control programs. These programs include additional law enforcement and juvenile court personnel, juvenile detention facilities, and prevention programs to keep juveniles out of trouble before they turn to crime, something both of us know, as past mayors, is vital if we are going to reverse juvenile crime in this country.  The bill encourages increased accountability for juveniles, and it implements a series of graduated penalties that ensure that subsequent offenses are treated with increasing severity, so that if you are going to be a continuing offender, the sentences are going to reflect that.  The bill also reforms juvenile record systems through improved record keeping and increased access to juvenile records by police, courts, and schools, so that a court or school dealing with a juvenile in my State, California, can know if they have committed violent offenses in Arizona, or a juvenile in your State, Ohio, had committed violent offenses in another surrounding State.  It extends Federal sentences for juveniles who commit serious violent crimes.  All of these commonsense provisions now remain in legislative purgatory. I am here to urge, once again, the majority to proceed with the conference, come to a compromise, and move this bill. That compromise should preserve intact the Senate-passed gun control legislation--four targeted measures--commonsense, reasonable; I call them no-brainers. Every poll shows a dominant majority of Americans supporting each of these. And they represent together a bare minimum of what we should do this year to stem the gun violence that is increasingly common on our streets and in our schools.  School has now been back in session for several months, and this Congress is about to adjourn for the year. So far, it looks as if we are going to be receiving a failing grade from the American people. There is still time to buckle down, to do the work, to pass the test that this Nation gave us so many months ago. What a wonderful Christmas gift it would be for the people of America.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins). The Senator from Montana.  