 President, I am pleased that the long road to enacting this critical legislation is finally coming to an end.  The conference report now before the Senate is the product of more than seven months of tough, complex negotiations between the high-tech industry, the White House, trial lawyers, consumer groups, computer consultants, countless Members of the House and Senate and other interested parties.  The final, bipartisan bill--now supported by the President--will create a once in a millennium, three-year law. Without it, I believe we could see the destruction or dismemberment of America's cutting edge lead in technology.  Mr. President, several well-known consultants and firms, including the Gartner Group, have estimated that Y2K litigation could quickly reach as high as one trillion dollars. This potential litigation flood could prevent companies from solving Y2K defects, and as a result could put the high-tech engine that has propelled our economy to new heights at risk.  This bill is especially important to California, where over 20 percent of the nation's high-tech jobs are located.  And the problem extends beyond high tech companies into the lives of employees, stockholders and customers of a wide range of American business.  We solved part of the Y2K problem last year when Congress overwhelmingly passed legislation to protect companies who make statements about Y2K problems in order to help others predict and solve these problems before they occur.  But we must now take an extra step, in order to encourage companies to work to prevent and fix Y2K problems with minimum delay.  Without this bill, companies may be forced to devote far too many resources to preparing for lawsuits rather than mitigating damages and solving Y2K problems.  And many consultants have come to us and said that they have refused to become involved in helping companies solve Y2K problems, for fear that they will open themselves up to being sued later on. They would rather just not get involved.  As a result, the very people capable of fixing Y2K defects are unavailable to perform those fixes.  I believe we face a real problem, and we have tried to craft a real solution.  And crafting that solution has not been easy. On almost a daily basis, Senate staffers, industry representatives, opponents of the bill and others have met for hours at a time to hammer out differences, clarify language, and make significant, substantive changes to the early versions of these bills.  In fact, even before the Conference Committee met over the last week, the original sponsors of Y2K litigation reform, including myself and Senators Hatch, McCain and Wyden, made dozens--if not hundreds--of changes to these bills. We addressed every concern we could, we significantly limited the scope of the bills, and we clarified many sections to ensure that plaintiffs and defendants alike will find an even, uniform playing field once the bill passes.  And it is important to remember that nothing in this bill is permanent--rather, it is a three-year bill limited to certain specific cases. The bill applies only to Y2K failures, and only to those failures that occur before January 1, 2003.  This bill contains a number of key provisions meant to deter frivolous suits and encourage remediation, arbitration, and problem-solving.  Most of these provisions have been modified or limited during the negotiations that have taken place over the last seven months. Several changes were made as late as this week, during negotiations with the White House.  The bill provides a 90-day ``cooling off period'' during which time no suit may be filed, so that businesses can concentrate on solving Y2K problems rather than on fending off lawsuits.  Only one 90-day period may be invoked per lawsuit, and the 90-day period does not delay any injunctive relief--a plaintiff may immediately file for a temporary restraining order or any other type of injunctive relief.  The purpose of this section is to give both parties an opportunity to focus on identifying and then correcting any Y2K problems quickly and efficiently.  The bill also provides for proportionate liability in many cases, so that defendants are punished according to their fault, and not according to their ``deep pockets.''  Under our current system of joint and several liability, a defendant found to be only twenty, ten or even one percent at fault can nonetheless be forced to pay 100 percent of the damages.  This system often encourages plaintiffs to go after ``deep pocket'' defendants first, in order to force a quick settlement.  I believe that this system is fundamentally unfair, and I am pleased to say that this bill eliminates joint and several liability in many Y2K cases.  Under the new system, defendants will be responsible only for that portion of damages that can be attributed to them.  However, the bill does have several specific exceptions to the elimination of joint and several liability.  First, any plaintiff worth less than $200,000 and suffering harm of more than 10 percent of that net worth may recover against all defendants jointly and severally. This exception in the bill protects those plaintiffs with a low net worth, but will not unduly injure defendants because the damages recovered will not be great.  Second, any defendant who acts with an intent to injure or defraud a plaintiff loses the protections under this bill and is again subject to joint and several liability. We do not want to protect those acting with an intent to harm.  Finally, the original Senate bill provided a compromise for those cases inwhich certain defendants are ``judgement-proof.'' In cases where a plaintiff cannot recover from certain defendants, the other defendants in the case would each liable for an additional portion of the damages. However, in no case could a defendant be forced to pay more than 150 percent of its level of fault. The Conference Committee increased that cap to 200 percent, making it even easier for plaintiffs to recover the fullest possible extent of their damages.  The Conference Committee also inserted provisions in the bill, at the request of the White House, that will allow any individual consumer to recover jointly and severally against defendants for any share of damages that are uncollectible from other, judgment-proof defendants.  And for Y2K class action suits, the bill requires that a majority of plaintiffs have suffered some minimal injury, in order to avoid cases in which thousands of unknowing plaintiffs are lumped together in an attempt to force a quick settlement.  The bill moves many Y2K class actions into federal court for purposes of uniformity, but at the request of the White House the Conference Committee increased the threshold to get to federal court from the one million dollar level found in the Senate bill to ten million now. Furthermore, the number of required plaintiffs required to move a class action to federal court has been doubled from fifty to one hundred.  And the punitive damages section, which has been severely curtailed since early versions of the bill, now caps punitive damages for small businesses only--to $250,000 or three times compensatory damages, whichever is lesser.  Another change made to the bill in Conference exempts most intentional torts from the limits on recovery for economic loss.  Finally, the conference report provides that state laws on unconscionability will not apply to cases in which individual terms within a contract should not be enforced--a move further protecting the plaintiff's right to recover.  Each of the changes made before and during the Conference Committee negotiations has narrowed the focus and effect of the bill, while still maintaining the bill's clear intent to allow companies to prevent, solve and remediate Y2K problems without undue delay stemming from frivolous lawsuits and meritless claims.  The ``one trillion dollar litigation headache'' is rapidly approaching, and this Congress can provide some preventative medicine and some anticipatory pain relief in the form of the reasoned, fair, and thoughtful compromise before us.  The bill sets forth clear rules to be followed in all Y2K cases, and the bill levels the playing field for all parties who will be involved in Y2K suits--plaintiffs and defendants.  Companies and individuals alike will know the rules, and will know what they have to do. And most importantly, the stability that will come from this bill will allow companies to prevent Y2K problems when possible, fix Y2K defects when necessary, and proceed to remediation of damages in an orderly and fair manner.  This bill has been through a tortuous legislative drafting process, with criticisms, suggestions and changes made from every side and by every sector of our society.  So let us pass this conference report today, let us send it to the President, and let us show this nation that the Y2K crisis will not cripple our courts, will not disrupt our economy, and will not put a halt to the technology engine driving our progress towards the twenty-first century.  