  Mr. President, when we return to the bill, it will be my intention to offer an amendment to the agriculture appropriations bill. I think that my amendment will deal with one of the most fundamental concerns in health care today; that is, the restoration to the physician of the basic right of patient care, patient treatment, and to be the determinator of patient care and the length of hospital stay.  I think one of the things we have seen emerge in health care throughout the United States in the past 2 to 3 years is the development of the so-called green eyeshade of an HMO determining what is appropriate patient care, regardless of the physical condition of an individual patient.  The amendment I will offer essentially says that a group health plan or a health insurance issuer, in connection with health insurance coverage, may not arbitrarily interfere with or alter the decision of the treating physician regarding the manner or setting in which particular services are delivered, if the services are medically necessary or appropriate for treatment or diagnosis to the extent that such treatment or diagnosis is otherwise a covered benefit. In other words, if you have coverage for a treatment in your plan, the physician determines that treatment based on you, based on your needs, based on your illness--not based on the calculation of a green eyeshade in a health insurance plan.  My father was a surgeon. He was chief of surgery at the University of California. My husband, Bert Feinstein, was a neurosurgeon. I grew up and lived a good deal of my life in a medical family. In all of that time, the doctors determined the appropriateness of care, the doctors determined the length of hospitalization, the doctors determined whether a particular treatment was suitable for an individual--not an arbitrary HMO, not physicians out of context of an individual physician and patient.  Every person sitting in this gallery today is different, one from the other. They are different in how they react to drugs. They are different in how they react to radiation--  