  I thank the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee. I want him to know it has been a great pleasure for me to be able to work with him on these three issues, and now on the gang bill, for the past 3 years.  Mr. President, I think the chairman has very accurately and adequately stated what these amendments do. I would like to just provide a little bit of filler material with respect to the need. There are over 23,000 youth gangs in all 50 States in the United States. I think it will come as no surprise for people to learn that California is the No. 1 gang State, with almost 5,000 different gangs, more than three times asmany as the next State. Overall, there are over 600,000 members of gangs. And they have increased tenfold since 1975.  This legislation is a direct result of the importuning of many in local law enforcement who have come to me and others in this body and said: Could the Federal Government give us a hand in fighting gangs?  In Los Angeles alone, over the past 16 years, 7,300 people were murdered from gang warfare--more people than have been killed in all the terrorist fighting in Northern Ireland.  Today, modern gangs are organized. Take, for one, the Bloods and Crips, which began in Los Angeles. They now have a presence in 119 American cities, as you can see on this chart. Take, for instance, Chicago's Gangster Disciples, which have expanded into 34 Midwest and Southern cities, with a board of directors inside prison and a board of directors outside prison.  These gangs operate very often as modern Mafia-type enterprises. They move across State lines. They move drugs. They practice a whole series of crimes. And they do so in a very organized way.  In Los Angeles alone, the 18th Street Gang now deals directly with Mexican and Colombian drug cartels. They have expanded their operations to Oregon, Utah, El Salvador, Honduras and Mexico. And it goes on and on and on; virtually every ethnic and racial group has some gang that is operating in the United States.  The chairman has accurately stated what this amendment would do. It increases sentences for gang members who commit Federal crimes. It enhances the ability of Federal prosecutors to prosecute gangs. It amends the Travel Act to include some offenses which gangs perpetrate. It adds serious juvenile drug offenses to the Armed Career Criminal Act. And it provides a 3-year mandatory minimum sentence to knowingly transferring a firearm for use in a violent crime or drug trafficking crime where the gun is transferred to a minor.  Let me move now to the second part of it. This has to do with bomb making on the Internet. In the Judiciary Committee not too long ago, I remember somebody presenting a manual called ``The Terrorist Handbook'' that could be pulled up on the Internet. I went back and we downloaded it from the Internet.  What I saw really chilled me, because what I saw was accurate information on how to steal chemicals, how to break into chemistry labs, what to buy in stores, and how to go home and make pipe bombs, telephone bombs, letter bombs, and mailbox bombs. Virtually every use in the manual is illegal. And you have to ask, Why?  The youngsters in Colorado who perpetrated the crime indicated they got the formula for the pipe bombs directly from the Internet. It well could have been from this very volume I hold up today.  Since Littleton, CO, there has been a rash of these. Police arrested five students in Brooklyn for possessing this manual that they found on the Internet.  