 President, I rise to express my extreme disappointment in the Senate's failure to invoke cloture on the campaign finance reform legislation. This is the third consecutive year we have held this debate and I am disturbed that each attempt to move this bill has failed.  Our campaigns are awash in money. Over the weekend, both the Washington Post and the New York Times ran stories detailing the rise of soft money contributions and the impact it is having on our electoral process.  We do not need newspapers to tell us what we already know. We have run the campaigns, we have raised the money, and we have felt the sting of negative attack ads.  I am now entering my fourth statewide campaign in California. In the 1990's, I have raised more than $40 million. In the 1990 race for Governor, I had to raise about $23 million. In the first race for the Senate, $8 million; in the second race, $14 million. This process has got to stop.  I want to speak for a few minutes about my last campaign. All of us in the Senate have all faced tough campaigns, but I think this election was a little different because of the record amounts of money that were spent.  In 1994, my opponent spent nearly $30 million in his effort to defeat me. It wasn't simply the amount of money spent that made this race unpleasant, however. It was how the Money was spent.  This race was not a discussion of issues. Instead, money was spent on negative ads that misrepresented votes I had taken and mislead voters about my positions. This campaign was primarily about bringing a candidate down, not promoting a view or even another candidate.  I wish I could say that this was a unique circumstance in which a wealthy individual used unlimited resources to mount this type of campaign. Unfortunately, it has become all too common. Instead of wealthy candidates using their own money, political parties and outside organizations are raising millions of dollars in soft money contributions. They are bankrolling attack ads designed solely to defeat candidates.  Studies have clearly shown that as election day gets closer, ads become more candidates oriented and more negative. Instead of promoting a position or an issue, these ads attempt to influence an election by painting a distorted view of a candidate.  The impact that this type of campaigning is having on the electorate as whole is of much greater consequence than the effect on any single race. Voter disenchantment with the political process is at an unprecedented level. Negative campaigning may be designed to drive candidates from office, but it is actually driving voters away from the polls.  Over the past several days, much has been said about the rise in soft money spending and its influence over our elections. The numbers are clear and unquestionably disturbing. Soft money spending doubled between 1992 and 1996 and it is projected to double again this cycle.  I believe the most distressing effect of soft money, however, has been the impact on the voters. Since the early 1990s, when soft money began to explode, voter turnout has significantlydeclined. Between the presidential election years of 1992 and 1996, the percentage of eligible voters participating in elections fell 6 points from 55 to 49 percent.  Voting participation in midterm elections fell from 38.78 percent in 1994 to 36.4 percent in 1998. There may be a number of reasons for this decline, but I believe it is largely due to a growing distaste for the political process. The political dialogue has become dominated by personal attacks and unsubstantiated charges and voters have chosen to not participate.  I voted in favor of the Shays-Meehan legislation that the minority leader offered as an amendment. I believe it represents the most comprehensive reform of the current system. This bill has already passed the House by a decisive, bipartisan margin and the Senate should have followed suit.  I also supported the streamlined version of the McCain-Feingold bill. As we know, this bill contains only the ban on soft money and permits union members to prevent the use of their dues for political activities.  I supported this bill, but I did so with some misgivings. One of the key provisions that was dropped from the original legislation dealt with issue advocacy. This is a loophole in the current campaign finance system that allow unions, corporations, and wealthy individuals to influence elections without being subject to disclosure or expenditure restrictions.  I am very concerned that banning soft money without addressing issue advocacy will simply redirect the flow of undisclosed money in campaigns. Instead of giving soft money to political parties, individuals, and organizations that want to influence elections will create their own ``independent'' attack ads.  One study now estimates that between $275 million and $340 million will be spent on so-called issue advertisements during the last election cycle. This amount of spending becomes a third campaign where candidates can't respond because they don't know from where the attack is coming.  Despite the lack of issue advocacy, I voted in support of the soft money ban. While this may not entirely solve the problems in our campaign finance system, at least it would move the debate forward. Banning soft money is an important and necessary step in a larger effort to reform the system.  Unfortunately, the Senate did not invoke cloture on either amendment and it now appears the bill will be removed from the floor and the debate ended for the year.  This is the worst possible outcome. As a result of our actions today, the influence of soft money will continue to grow, attack ads will saturate the airwaves during each election, and voters will continue to lose interest in the process.  I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle not to take down this bill. Let us go forward with the amendment process and give us an opportunity to pass this legislation. We owe it to the American public.  