  Before addressing the merits of this resolution, I must note that I am troubled by the procedure which has been employed for its consideration. Almost two weeks ago, Senator Coverdell announced that he would hold a hearing on President Clinton's decision in the Terrorism Subcommittee of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, this coming Wednesday, September 15. Last Wednesday, the Judiciary Committee also gave notice of a hearing on this subject for September 15. However, notwithstanding these planned hearings, the Republican leadership filed this resolution condemning the clemency and scheduled a vote related to it for today.  Holding a vote before the hearings is akin to having the verdict first, and then the trial.  Nevertheless, since we must vote, I will address the merits of the President's decision, based upon the information which is available to me before the hearings.  At the outset, let me say that serious, thoughtful people urged the President to offer this clemency. These people include former President Carter; eleven Nobel Peace Prize winners, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Coretta Scott King; and dozens of religious leaders and organizations. President Clinton's decision was not a frivolous one, nor did it appear from out of thin air.  However, that having been said, I believe strongly that the decision the President made was the wrong one.  In the post-Cold War era, terrorism presents perhaps the greatest threat to our national security. As Ranking Member of the Terrorism Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee, I have done what I can to assist law enforcement in combating terrorism.  These prisoners were terrorists, and granting them leniency is exactly the wrong thing to do. We have tried in recent years to send a clear, unequivocal message to terrorists: if you plan or commit acts of terrorism against the United States, we will find you, hunt you down, and punish you severely. Until this point, President Clinton's administration carried this message forward forcefully, including, for example, apprehending and punishing the Oklahoma City bombers and taking retaliatory strikes against Osama bin laden. However, the President's decision last month undermines this message.  Some have described these prisoners as political prisoners. They were not. They were terrorists. Let me describe for a minute some of what they did.  These prisoners were members of the FALN, the Armed Forces for National Liberation, which seeks to make Puerto Rico and independent nation, through violent means. While some of them will not admit it, this was alleged and proven in the trials against them.  According to the FBI, and I quote, ``In the past, Puerto Rican terrorist groups struggling for Puerto Rico's independence from the United States have been responsible for the majority of terrorist incidents perpetrated by domestic terrorist groups within the United States.'' The FBI's Terrorist Research and Analytical Center reported in 1996 that the ``FALN has been linked to over 130 bombings which have resulted in over $3.5 million in damages, 5 deaths, and 84 injuries.''  The prisoners who received clemency were active participants in this campaign of terror. For instance, Alejandrina Torres, Edwin Cortes and Alberto Rodriguez were convicted of conspiring to, and I read now from the indictment against them, ``oppose by force the authority of the government of the United States by means of force, terror and violence, including the construction and planting of explosive and incendiary devices at banks, stores, office buildings and government buildings . . . It was a further part of the said conspiracy that the conspirators would claim credit in the name of the FALN for certain . . . bombings through either telephone calls or typed communiques.'' This is classic terrorist activity.  As part of this plot, Torres and Cortes stockpiled dynamite, weapons, blasting caps and bulletproof vests. Together with Rodriguez, they planned to bomb U.S. military facilities in the Chicago, cased the facilities, and reviewed a communique to be published in conjunction with the planned bombings. They built bombs containing 21 pounds of dynamite. They also planned to use explosives to free FALN leader Oscar Lopez (who also was offered clemency by the President) from prison, to rob a Chicago Transit Authority facility to fund FALN operations, and to harbor another FALN leader who had escaped from prison.  Four others who were offered clemency were convicted in connection withthe armed robbery of seven million dollars from a Wells Fargo depot, to fund a similar Puerto Rican revolutionary independence group, Los Macheteros. This is an organization that ambushed a Navy bus and killed two U.S. servicemen and launched a rocket attack at the federal courthouse in Hato Rey, Puerto Rico.  Madam President, building bombs and committing armed robberies on U.S. soil are not political acts. They are crimes, plain and simple, and these people were appropriately locked up for their offenses. It should make no difference that the prisoners had political motivations which some may share. Virtually all terrorists are politically motivated, and many justify their acts in the cause of ``national liberation.'' But terrorism is a cowardly and evil means to achieve such ends, which can never be justified, and which must be punished harshly.  It has been reported that the clemency petition was opposed by the FBI and the Bureau of Prisons. The Fraternal Order of Police has vehemently condemned this offer, calling it a ``horrendously bad idea.''  Clemency proponents have asserted that these prisoners harmed no one. A former Assistant U.S. Attorney who prosecuted some of these FALN members counters this assertion, noting: ``A few dedicated federal agents are the only people who stood in their way. The conspirators made every effort to murder and to maim. It is no small irony that they should be freed under the guise of humanitarianism.''  History has shown us that making concessions to terrorists spurs increased terrorism. The President made the wrong decision. I hope and pray that his decision will not have this effect, but I fear it will.  Despite the flawed procedure, I will vote to proceed to Senate Joint Resolution 33, and I will subsequently vote for its passage. Terrorism does not deserve leniency. 