 President, I rise to address the African Growth and Opportunity Act and to discuss two amendments I hope to offer. I would like to begin by thanking the chairman and the ranking member of the committee for their good work on this bill. Anyone who has spent time in Africa knows the poverty and environmental problems inherent on that continent. The Africa Growth and Opportunity Act, I believe, is the most hopeful vehicle for positive change that has come about. It opens the door to trade, investment, economic growth, and a higher quality of life for people of African nations. It will give Africans options and new abilities to build economically, to develop, to improve opportunities for trade worldwide, and to build new businesses on African and Caribbean soil.  Sub-Saharan Africa is a market of some 700 million people. Yet less than 1 percent of our Nation's total trade is currently conducted with nations of this region. Expanding trade with this emerging market will help keep America competitive with Europe and Asia, who are already expanding their markets in the African nations. As the nations of sub-Saharan African reform their economies to spur economic growth, U.S. exporters will have access to new and larger markets for their products. This, in the long run, creates and sustains American jobs.  Just as important, this legislation contains provisions to support and encourage democracy and human rights in sub-Saharan Africa. A country is not eligible for trade and investment benefits if it engages in gross violations of internationally recognized human rights and does not respect basic labor rights, such as the right to organize and bargain, the right of association, and acceptable working conditions.Now, I recognize that those rights aren't as strong and enforceable as some might want. Nonetheless, they are the basic rights that are inherent in virtually every trade bill.  Finally, as President Clinton noted, deepening our economic ties with these nations will also strengthen our cooperative efforts to address a host of transnational threats, such as environmental degradation, infectious disease, and illicit drug trafficking. I had intended to offer an amendment to address any potential impact this legislation might have on the domestic apparel industry of our Nation. The amendment I would have introduced would have created a tax credit of 30 percent for the first $12,300 in the first year of employment, rising to 50 percent over 5 years for domestic garment and sewn manufacturers who hire a worker who is at or below the poverty line in this country. For an individual, that is $8,240; for a family of four, it is $16,700.  However, both the chairman and the ranking member of the Finance Committee have made it clear they don't believe tax credit amendments should be offered to this legislation, and I respect that. The offset we also had in mind, it turns out, has been utilized. However, the amendment has been scored. I will not offer this domestic textile worker tax credit amendment on this bill, though my intention is to offer it as a separate bill with an offset at a later time.  I think this legislation would provide real incentive for domestic manufacturers to keep jobs in the United States, to hire American workers, and to keep them on the job. Moreover, by targeting the benefits to employees who, before being hired, are living at or below the poverty line, the amendment would also help move families off of welfare and public assistance and provide them good jobs in which they can support themselves and their families.  My second amendment addresses the need for the United States to remain in the forefront of the fight against HIV/AIDS in Africa.  Mr. President, this bill inadvertently threatens to undermine the fight against AIDS in Africa. Approximately 34 million people, if you can believe it, in sub-Saharan Africa--that is the equivalent of the population of the State of California--are or have been infected with AIDS or HIV. And 11.5 million people of those infected have died--11.5 million people. These fatalities comprise 83 percent of the world's total HIV/AIDS-related death. Eighty-three percent of the death from AIDS in the world are in the sub-Saharan African countries. So the impact of AIDS in Africa is huge. It continues to be a major threat to the well-being of the entire African Continent. Frankly, it even threatens the well-being of this legislation if it is left unaddressed.  Unfortunately, this legislation carries with it intellectual property rights for the American pharmaceutical companies which prevent the licensing, manufacture, and sale of cheaper generic AIDS drugs. That is a practice known as ``compulsory licensing.''  Without compulsory licensing, a practice fully consistent with international law, the vast majority of HIV/AIDS patients in Africa could not afford the more expensive drugs from American pharmaceutical companies and, thus, more will suffer and die simply without treatment. AIDS drugs in this country literally cost several hundred dollars a month. They must be taken several times a day regularly, and they often necessitate other drugs to ward off serious side effects of AIDS-reducing drugs.  The amendment I have authored, which is cosponsored by Senator Feingold, on which we have worked with the staff on both sides, and which we believe will be acceptable to both sides, draws on a provision in Senator Feingold's HOPE for Africa bill. It allows the countries of sub-Saharan Africa to pursue compulsory licensing by preventing the U.S. Government from enforcing one specific U.S. intellectual property right that, when implemented, would prevent the license, manufacture, and sale of generic AIDS drugs in Africa.  For those of my colleagues who may be concerned that this amendment may undermine wider intellectual property rights, this amendment acknowledges the World Trade Organization's agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property and that that is the presumptive legal standard for intellectual property rights.  The WTO, however, allows countries flexibility in addressing public health concerns, and the compulsory licensing process under this amendment is consistent with the WTO's balancing of intellectual property rights with the moral obligation to meet public health emergencies such as the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa.  When 11 million people die of a single disease, it certainly deserves and merits this kind of consideration.  In effect, this amendment will allow the countries of sub-Saharan Africa to continue to determine the availability of HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals in their countries, and provide their people with more affordable HIV/AIDS drugs.  It is clearly in the national interest of the United States to prevent the further spread of HIV/AIDS in Africa, and I believe that this amendment is an important improvement to this legislation if we are to continue to assist the countries of the region to bring this deadly disease under control.  I am pleased to support the African Growth and Opportunity Act and the Caribbean Basin Initiative because I believe they are both in the national interest of this country.  I thank both the chairman and the ranking member for their support of this amendment.  I yield the floor.  