 President, it is with some degree of regret that I rise to oppose this budget resolution conference report.  Thanks to continued economic growth and the tough choices we made on the budget in 1993, this year, for the first time in a generation, we have been given the opportunity to structure a budget which is balanced, fiscally responsible, and makes important investment in America's domestic priorities.  When I first came to the Senate some 6 years ago, we faced $200 billion annual deficits as far as the eye could see. Now, thanks to the tough choices we made in 1993, then fiscal discipline we imposed on the budget, and a vibrant economy, we are able to reap the benefits of the difficult choices. Now we are running surpluses--projected to be as much as $4.7 trillion over the next 15 years by the Office of Management and Budget.  Thanks to these surpluses we have an unparalleled opportunity to set our budgetary house in order and meet the challenges of the future.  We have the opportunity to save Social Security and Medicare. To invest in education, environment, and health care. To provide for a strong national defense.  And I also believe that we have an important opportunity to provide responsible tax relief for working families--and I intend to introduce legislation to provide just such a tax cut with my colleague from Iowa, Senator Grassley.  But this conference report ignores these opportunities. It fails to meet the test of saving Medicare. It fails to make the important investments in health care, education, and child care. And it endangers other programs vital for law enforcement, environment, and continued economic growth.  This conference report does not do anything to meet Medicare's solvency crisis or extend the life of this vital program beyond the projected 2015 bankruptcy. I agree with those who say that we must reform Medicare, but we also must provide it with the additional funds it needs. The President has proposed allocating 15 percent of the surplus for Medicare to add 12 years to life of program. This budget rejects that initiative, creates some vague ``reserve'' which may or may not help Medicare, but really uses the money that should go to Medicare for tax cuts instead.  This budget does not do enough to extend Social Security. Again, I would agree with those who say we need to adopt Social Security reform to strengthen the Social Security system and assure it is on sound footing. But this budget allows some of the Social Security surpluses to be used for purposes other than Social Security, and, frankly, I do not think that that is wise.  Yesterday, the Senate voted by 98-0 to instruct our conferees to use all Social Security surplus funds for Social Security. This conference report, however, creates a ``lockbox'' for Social Security, but then proceeds to remove the lock by allowing any legislation that ``enhances retirement security'' to raid Social Security surplus funds..  Finally, although this conference report protects some important domestic priorities, such as transportation, it cuts other essential but ``unprotected'' programs, such as the border patrol, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, job training programs, child care assistance, head start, and on and on. The strictures of this budget--driven by an overlarge tax cut--may necessitate cuts of 11 percent in many of these important programs.  Mr. President, I think our current economic strength has presented us with a unique opportunity--we can save Social Security and Medicare, make important investments in domestic priorities, provide for a strong national defense, and also provide the American people with tax relief.  Unfortunately, this conference report, by adopting unrealistic tax cuts, puts at risk all these goals, and may well set us down a path of fiscal irresponsibility that will endanger all our gains of the past few years. I urge my colleague to oppose this conference report.  