 President, I am on the floor because I anticipated that at 2 o'clock we would be returning to the agriculture appropriations bill. I indicated this morning that I would be proposing an amendment to that bill that has to do with giving the physician the right to provide medically necessary services in a setting which that physician believes is best for the patient. I now see that this has been postponed an hour, so I would like to speak to the amendment now and then introduce it at 3 o'clock. I hope there will be no objection to that.  Let me begin by saying, once again, what this amendment does. Essentially, the amendment says that a group health plan or a health insurance issuer, in connection with health insurance coverage, may not arbitrarily interfere with or alter the decision of the treating physician regarding the manner or the setting in which particular services are delivered if the services are medically necessary or appropriate for treatment or diagnosis, to the extent that such treatment or diagnosis is otherwise a covered benefit.  I read that specific language because it is important to understand that because most people buying a health insurance plan believe that their doctor is, in fact, going to be prescribing the treatment that is best for them, not the treatment that is the least cost effective, not the treatment that might run a risk to the patient but be good for somebody else, but the treatment or the procedure, in an appropriate setting, that is right for that patient. What is right for a patient who is 18 years old may not be right for a patient who is 75 years old, and so on. I will read from the legislation the definition of ``medical necessity'' or ``appropriateness'':       The term ``medical necessity'' or ``appropriate'' means,      ``with respect to a service or a benefit, a service or      benefit which is consistent with generally accepted      principles of professional medical practice.''  That is something that everyone expects, that everyone is accustomed to in this Nation, and I believe that is the way medicine should, in fact, be practiced. I am very pleased to say the language of this amendment, from thelarger Patients' Bill of Rights (S. 6) is supported by some 200 organizations all across the United States, including the American Academy of Emergency Medicine; the American Academy of Neurology; American Academy of Pediatrics; American Association of University Women; American Cancer Society; American College of Physicians; American Heart Association; American Lung Association, and the American Medical Association, which is the largest association of practicing physicians in the country.  Then there is the American Psychological Association; the American Public Health Association; the American Society of Clinical Oncology; virtually every breast cancer organization; the Consumer Federation of America; the Epilepsy Foundation; the Leukemia Society; the National Alliance of Breast Cancer Organizations; the National Association of Children's Hospitals; the National Association of People with AIDS; the National Council of Senior Citizens; the National Black Women's Health Project; the National Breast Cancer Coalition; the Older Women's League; the Paralyzed Veterans of America--on and on and on.  This is a widely accepted amendment that virtually has the support of every professional and patient organization that deals with health care anywhere in the United States.  Let me read a statement from the American College of Surgeons, certainly the most prestigious body for surgeons, and one to which my husband, Bert Feinstein, belonged:       We believe very strongly that any health care system or      plan that removes the surgeon and patient from the medical      decisionmaking process only undermines the quality of that      patient's care and his or her health and well-being.       Similarly, the American Medical Association has said,      ``Medical decisions should be made by patients and their      physicians, rather than by insurers or legislators.''  I have worked on this now for 3 years. In the last Congress, I introduced legislation to allow doctors to decide when to discharge a woman from the hospital after a mastectomy. I did this with Senator D'Amato in the last Congress and with Senator Snowe in this Congress. And I introduced a bill that would allow doctors to decide when to discharge a person from the hospital after any procedure or treatment, with Senators D'Amato and Snowe.  Why do we need these bills? Senator Mikulski from Maryland this morning made a very impassioned case about mastectomies. And we learned in 1997 that women were being pushed out of the hospital on the same day after a mastectomy.  I was amazed to hear from a woman named Nancy Couchot of Newark, CA, who wrote me in 1997 that she had a modified radical mastectomy at 11:30 in the morning and was released from the hospital by 4:30 that afternoon. She could not walk to the bathroom without help. She said in her letter:       Any woman, under these circumstances, should be able to opt      for overnight stay to receive professional help and strong      pain relief.  Victoria Berck of Los Angeles wrote that she went in at 7:30 a.m. and was released at 2:30 p.m. with drains attached to her body. She said, ``No civilized country in the world has a mastectomy as an outpatient procedure.''  It was a very large health care network in California that was doing these ``drive-through'' mastectomies on the same day.  I believe ``drive-through'' mastectomies have been largely stopped, but patients had to rise up, and patients had to say you can't do this to me. You can't push me out a few hours after an anesthetic with drains in my body, having had a radical mastectomy and not being able to take care of myself.  What if the woman is 75 instead of 25? It makes no sense.  We also learned that insurance plans were insisting one-night hospital stays if you had a child.  We learned that babies--infants--were going home with jaundice, and they had to come back to the hospital for treatment once, twice, or three times. There was a lot of ``tsk-tsking.'' What a terrible procedure. How could they do this? Now it has changed because Congress acted, requiring a minimum of two days for childbirth, for a normal delivery. What if you need 5 days for care, or 6 days for care?  The point is that it should be a decision made by the physician. It should not be countermanded by someone unqualified to make that decision.  A California neurologist told us about a 7-year-old girl with an ear infection who went to the doctor with a high fever which developed into pneumonia, and she was hospitalized. The HMO insisted that she be sent home after 2 days. She ended up returning to the hospital three times, sicker each time to the point where she developed meningitis. The doctor said that if she had stayed in the hospital for 5 to 7 days the first time that she could have been given antibiotics, been monitored, and would not have gotten meningitis.  What is the problem?  Let me read the definition of medical necessity in an insurance contract provided to me by the American Medical Association. This is from the Aetna/U.S. Healthcare standard Texas contract. I quote: ``Health care services that are appropriate and consistent with the diagnosis in accordance with accepted medical standards and which are likely to result in demonstrable medical benefit,'' and here is the point, ``and which are the least costly of alternative supplies or levels of service.''  It is not ``and/or.'' It is ``and which are the least costly.''  So if you belong to that plan and there is a drug that is the least costly, perhaps not as effective or perhaps not good for you with your present condition, or because of your age, that is the drug you are forced to take because the insurance plan says so, despite what the doctor says. If there is a diagnostic process that may be less effective than an MRI, that MRI is very often prohibited for you.  What is happening out there? What is the problem?  The problem is that doctors are finding insurance plans overriding their decisions, dictating their decisions, second-guessing their decisions about what is medically necessary.  We aim in this amendment to give that basic right of medical practice back to the physician.  In fact, today doctors all across this Nation will tell you that they spend hours hassling with insurance company accountants and adjusters to justify medical necessity decisions --why a person needs another day in a hospital, why a person needs an MRI, why a patient needs a blood test, why a patient should get this drug instead of that drug.  Seventy percent of doctors across this great Nation say they are forced to exaggerate a patient's symptoms to make sure HMOs don't discharge patients from hospitals prematurely.  Is this the kind of medical care that we want to see HMOs press us toward where a doctor has to lie, fabricate, or exaggerate the condition of the patient to be sure that patient gets what is medically appropriate for that particular patient? I truly think not.  Every patient is different. Every patient brings to a situation his or her own unique history and biology. Doctors should be able to use their best professional judgment in each individual case based upon the needs or condition of the patient.  Pneumonia in a 30-year-old patient is different from pneumonia in a 70-year-old patient. Doctors know the difference, and most of us do, too.  A Maryland nurse said: I spend my days watching the care in my unit be directed by faceless people from insurance companies on the other end of the phone. My hospital employs a full-time nurse whose entire job is to talk to insurance reviewers.  I myself in 1989 had to have a hysterectomy. I was extraordinarily anemic. As I was in the hospital for a blood transfusion, the phone rang. I picked up the phone. It was my insurance company. What they said to me is: Why are you still in the hospital? You are supposed to be out of there by now.  My only response was: I am here because I am currently having a blood transfusion.  A patient shouldn't have to go through this. It happened to me. You can be sure it is happening all across this country.  Doctor Robert Weinman told the San Jose Mercury News that a doctor prescribed a brain wave test for a convulsing epileptic child. The HMO board--consisting of one accountant, the chief financial officer, and one doctor--refused coverage, depriving thedoctor of the necessary diagnostic information.  On June 14, just a couple of weeks ago, a California nurse practitioner told my staff that insurance plans will allow people with ulcers to take Prilosec for only 4 to 6 weeks, even though the gastroenterologists say that it is needed for a longer period. Plans say patients can take Tagamet, which is cheaper but not as effective for this particular condition.  This is what this amendment seeks to avoid.  The doctor should be able to prescribe based on medical necessity what is appropriate to each patient--a hallmark of good medical care.  A California doctor told us about a patient who needed a total hip replacement because her hip had failed. The doctor said that patient should remain in the hospital for 7 days. The plan would only authorize 5 days.  Let me quote once again from a Los Angeles physician.       Many doctors are demoralized. They feel like they have      taken a beating in recent years. . .physicians train years to      learn how to practice medicine. They work long hours      practicing their field. Under this health care system, that      training and hard work often seem irrelevant. A bureaucrat      dictates how doctors are allowed to treat parties. . .      When I tell someone he is fit to leave the hospital after      an operation, I am often given an accusing stare.      Sometimes my patients even say: ``Is that what you really      think or are you caving in to HMO pressure to cut corners      on care?''  Medicine shouldn't have to be practiced this way in the United States of America.  Over 80 percent of the people of my State are in some form of managed care. California has been a laboratory for managed care. Californians are speaking out on the issue. Over one half of Californians say that major changes are needed in our health care system. Californians say they have to wait for care longer, they are rushed through appointments, they have to navigate impersonal systems when they are trying to get care.  A survey of 900 doctors in California found that 7 out of 10 were dissatisfied with managed care organizations. Insurance companies have invaded the examining room, the emergency room, and the hospital room. The ``care'' is rapidly going out of health care. Getting good health care should not be a battle.  I think everyone in this body understands HMOs can be effective good, they can reduce costs in a medically acceptable way. And that is the key--in a medically acceptable way, without adversely impacting the patient. The way to do this is not to countermand the physician, not to tell the physician what drug he or she can or cannot give a patient based on the cost, not to tell a physician he has to conduct a radical mastectomy at 7:30 in the morning, removing sometimes both of a woman's breasts and lymph nodes, and push her out on the street with drains in her chest and pain coursing through her body. That isn't good health care for anyone.  This is a simple amendment. It is supported by virtually over 200 health organizations.  Some might say why not wait until we work out an agreement so a Patients' Bill of Rights--whether it be Democrat or Republican--can come to the floor. I have waited for 3 years for an opportunity to move this kind of legislation. We cannot wait any longer. Senator D'Amato and I, 3 years ago, held a press conference urging this kind of legislation. Senator Snowe and I, in this Congress, have introduced similar legislation.  The beauty of this amendment, that I want to bring before the Senate for a vote, is that it states very simply that health insurance coverage may not arbitrarily interfere or alter the decision of the treating physician regarding the manner or setting--hospital, emergency room, outpatient clinic, whatever it is--in which particular services are delivered, if the services are medically necessary or appropriate for treatment or diagnosis.  Every single patient in managed care anywhere in the United States of America will be better off the sooner this amendment becomes law.  I believe to wait is wrong. I believe to wait will cost lives. I believe to wait will increase morbidity. I believe to wait is unfair to the physicians who are trained, able, and ready to carry out their profession.  I am hopeful I will have an opportunity, in 25 minutes when the agricultural appropriations bill is on the floor, to offer this amendment which is broadly and widely supported all across the United States. Once and for all, the physician and the patient will together make the medical decisions--not a green eyeshade somewhere in a remote HMO office.  I yield the floor.  