 President, I join the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Leahy, and my colleagues in urging the majority to appoint conferees and proceed to conference on the juvenile crime bill.  It has now been one month and four days since the Senate passed the Violent and Repeat Juvenile Offender Accountability and Rehabilitation Act of 1999, by an overwhelming margin of 73-25. It has been nearly two weeks since the House of Representatives passed its counterpart bill.  And yet, since that time, there has been no progress at all toward going to conference on these two bills. In fact, it appears that there are some on the other side of the aisle who deliberately want to forestall or even de-rail the conference that is necessary to pass this vitally-needed legislation.  When the House passed its counterpart bill, they did something that is very unusual: they did not take up the Senate bill, insert the text of their bill, and request a conference, as is routinely done. This is not the kind of thing that happens by accident. For a conference to take place, both Chambers of Congress must pass the same bill.  Because the House of Representatives did not do this, one of the two Chambers must take up the other one's bill, pass it, and ask for a conference. This presents numerous opportunities for procedural mischief and delay by those who would rather not see any bill pass than one containing modest gun safety provisions, such as the Senate bill.  Mr. President, I am very disturbed by this delay in taking the next step to pass this important legislation.  Our nation was rocked 2 months ago by the tragic shootings at Columbine High School in Colorado, coming as it did in the wake of earlier school shootings in Jonesboro, Arkansas; West Paducah, Kentucky; Springfield, Oregon; and elsewhere. We cannot tolerate or evade this shocking school violence. We should not let our children start a new school year without passing this important legislation to address youth violence.  The Senate bill is a wide, sweeping measure, which will help us to confront the problem of juvenile crime. It includes a number of provisions which I authored and which I have worked on for several years, including:  A ban on importing high capacity ammunition magazines;  A ban on juvenile possession of assault weapons and high capacity ammunition magazines;  A comprehensive package of measures to fight criminal gangs;  Limits on bombmaking information;  The James Guelff Body Armor Act, which contains reforms to take body armor out of the hands of criminals and put it into the hands of police; and  Crime prevention programs.  It also contains other modest reforms to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and children, including: Requiring the same background checks at gun shows which gun dealers have to preform; and requiring the sale of child safety locks with handguns.  The Senate bill also establishes a new $700 million juvenile justice block grant program for states and localities, representing a significant increase in federal aid to the states for juvenile crime control programs, including:  Additional law enforcement and juvenile court personnel;  Juvenile detention facilities; and  Prevention programs to keep juveniles out of trouble to begin with.  Our bill encourages increased accountability for juveniles, through the implementation of graduated sanctions to ensure that subsequent offenses are treated with increasing severity.  It reforms juvenile record systems, through improved record keeping and increased access to juvenile records by police, courts, and schools, so that a court or school dealing with a juvenile in California can know if he has committed violent offenses in Arizona; and extends federal sentences for juveniles who commit serious violent felonies.  Let us not delay further in enacting these important measures. I join my colleagues in urging the majority to proceed to conference and appoint conferees, so that we can enact this vital legislation.  I thank the Chair, and yield the floor.  