 President, I rise today to join my friend and colleague, Senator Barbara Boxer, to introduce a Sense of the Senate Resolution condemning the acts of arson at three Sacramento, California synagogues on June 18, 1999. The resolution also calls on all Americans to categorically reject crimes of hate and intolerance.  I believe this measure is important not only to the Sacramento community but also to all Americans who abhor intolerance.  I was shocked and saddened when I first heard the news that three synagogues in Sacramento had been targeted by arsonists. Committed just a few hours before dawn, this heinous attack was carried out over a 45 minute time span signaling to us that this was deliberate and premeditated act.  In that time, $1.2 million in damage was done to the Congregation B'nai Israel, Congregation Beth Shalom and the Kenessett Israel Torah Center. While the damage to the property was severe, no dollar amount can reflect the true damage done when hateful crimes such as these strike at the heart of a community.  Mr. President, I believe it is tragic that even though we have made significant progress to increase tolerance in this nation that such vicious hate crimes continue to be committed.  This resolution expresses our resolve to ensure that such acts of ignorance and bigotry will not be tolerated in this nation and those who commit them will face swift justice. While the resolution condemns these specific acts of arson in the Sacramento area, it also declares our collective abhorrence to all crimes of intolerance.  The resolution also says that the Senate is committed to using Federal law enforcement personnel and resources to identify the persons who committed these heinous acts and brings them to justice in a swift and deliberate manner. It also recognizes and applauds the residents of Sacramento area who have so quickly joined together to lend support and assistance to the victims of these despicable crimes, and remains committed to preserving the freedom of religion of all members of the community.  I believe that one of the most sacred rights we have as Americans is the freedom of religion. This country came to be because people wanted to be able to choose how they worshiped. I hope that in the wake of this sorrowful event, we are all reminded of the importance of this freedom.  Whatever the motive in these arsons, all people of faith in the Sacramento community and this nation must stand together to fight such hatred. The bottom line is that hatred, bigotry and racism all come from the same place--ignorance.  California's modern heritage is one in which diversity is to be respected, not scorned. As long as hate crimes continue to counter that heritage, we must work together to denounce intolerance and the protect the rights of all.  Mr. President, while we have made progress to increase tolerance in this nation, tragic events like these in Sacramento prove that we still need to do more. Together, we must send the strongest possible message that hate crimes will not be tolerated.  