 President, my heart is heavy because, as I believe the Senator from Vermont knows, I was the lead Democratic sponsor of the D'Amato bill on mastectomy and cancer rights in the last Congress. Then Senator Snowe became the lead Republican author on it when Senator D'Amato left the Senate and I am the lead Democratic sponsor in this Congress. So I feel very strongly about this bill and the amendment before us.  But what I see in the tactics being used is of very deep concern to me. Yesterday, we saw the Frist language on medical necessity essentially wiping out the Democratic language requiring that medical necessity be based on generally accepted principles of medicine. Our amendment would have covered a hospital stay for mastectomy as well any other hospital stay, by simply giving the physician the responsibility to make the call on how long a patient should stay in the hospital.  Now we have these individual cases like hospitalization for mastectomy. It is a very strong case that the Senator from Vermont makes. I myself saw, in 1996, where a major HMO in California was doing a same-day mastectomy and women who had surgery at 7:30 in the morning were being pushed out on the street in the afternoon, not recovered from anesthetic, with drains in their body, not knowing where they were or how to care for themselves. That simply is not the good practice of medicine.  So I think all of us have resolved that we want to do something about this situation. But at the same time, you give us a Hobson's choice, and that is unfortunate because Senator Dodd's amendment, requiring plans to cover the routine costs of clinical trials, is a good amendment.  I am the vice chairman of a national cancer dialogue initiated by the American Cancer Society. President George Bush is the chairman. Not too long ago I had the pleasure of spending the day with President Bush on one side of me and Mrs. Bush on the other while I chaired a meeting of the cancer dialogue. One of the outstanding results of that particular day was strong support for more access to clinical research trials. The entire clinical trial research effort is not going to be successful unless there is more access to these trials, and particularly by the minority population where participation is very small, largely because managed care plans do not cover the non-research, routine costs of care.  Therefore, Senator Dodd's amendment is timely, it is necessary, it is scientifically correct, it will help us speed these trials, add more trials, and it will mean a quicker cures for diseases if we pass the Dodd amendment.  The Hobson's choice, for those of us who have worked on this now for over 3 years, is that by voting for Senator Snowe's amendment, we negate the Dodd amendment. That is not right. It is not good medicine. It is not good politics.  I, too, join in complimenting my colleague and friend from California and the Senator from Maryland, both of whom spoke eloquently on this. Please, please, please don't do this.  Senator Dodd asked that his amendment be modified to include the Snowe amendment in his amendment. Twice I heard the Senator from California and the Senator from Maryland propound a unanimous consent request. I am also going to do the same thing. Don't present this body with this kind of Hobson's choice. Both amendments are necessary. Don't wipe out the clinical trials coverage amendment while attempting to put in patient protections for cancer patients. The American public deserves to be able to participate in clinical trials which, after all, could save your life, save the lives of the women of America, and men, because breast cancer affects men too. My father-in-law died of breast cancer when my husband was 10 years old.  Please, don't do this.  I, too, propound a unanimous consent request. I ask unanimous consent that S. 1344, the Daschle substitute, be modified with language from the Snowe amendment No. 1241 prohibiting drive-through mastectomies and coverage for second opinions.  