  Mr. President, I rise to offer my support to both the majority and the minority leaders in their ongoing efforts to get the juvenile justice bill to conference. I believe it is about time. I was an original cosponsor of the juvenile justice bill and helped write the gang abatement provisions of that bill. These provisions are really designed to provide a helping Federal hand to State and local governments for those gangs, criminal gangs, who are now crossing State lines and illegally conducting criminal activities in various States all across this great country.  Both Houses of Congress passed this legislation weeks ago. There are a few commonsense measures, targeted and precise, that provide some regulation of firearms in this country. They are not sweeping, they are actually rather small, yet they have become the focus of debate and stopped a good bill from moving further. The issue of the bill has remained essentially in legislative purgatory, and the will of the Congress and the American people has so far been denied.  I will speak for a moment about the few so-called gun pieces that are in this bill. The first is a bill by Senator Ashcroft in the Senate which essentially says that juveniles can't possess or buy an assault weapon, assault weapons which were created for military use to kill large numbers of people in close combat--that is the purpose of these weapons, clearly. They were not made for civilian defensive purposes. It is a no-brainer to say that juveniles shouldn't be able to buy them or possess them.  Secondly, trigger locks should be put on weapons sold to the American public. We know they can be. We know they are not costly, and we know they will save lives in instances such as the one that happened a few weeks ago, when a youngster 8 years old picked up a gun, playing a war game with a 7-year-old, and shot the 7-year-old, not knowing the gun was loaded. Again, a no-brainer. Why not sell a gun with a trigger lock if it is going to save innocent lives?  Thirdly, we would close certain gun show loopholes. Does anyone in America really believe that a juvenile should be able to go to a gun show and, unidentified, surreptitiously, buy a gun and not even have a background check? I don't think so.  Finally, I authored a piece of legislation which to me was another no-brainer. We have in prior legislation prohibited American manufacturers from making the big banana clips, large ammunition-feeding devices, some of them as large as 250 rounds, which are used in the so-called grievance killings, 9 of which have taken place in high schools all across this great country in recent years.  That is the law of the land. You can't make them domestically. You can't sell those that are made domestically, and you can't possess them, if they were made following the assault weapons legislation which became part of the crime bill in 1994.  There is a loophole. The loophole is that they can be imported to this country. Last year alone, from almost 20 different countries, 11.4 million large-capacity, ammunition-feeding devices, over 50,000 of them of more than 250 rounds, came into this country. The President couldn't stop it by executive order; we had to legislate; and, in fact, we did. Twenty Republicans voted for this. We had 59 votes in the Senate. The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee moved it as an amendment on the floor, which was passed by unanimous consent in the House.  I will talk more about that in a moment because something rather dastardly has happened to it.  At Columbine High School earlier this year, 13 innocent children died from gunshot wounds. We were all horrified. Since that time, dozens, if not hundreds, of other children across this Nation have also died from gunshot wounds. Congress has done nothing to solve the problem, no measures to try to prevent this from happening in the future.  On August 16, the children of Columbine will return to the very school that witnessed one of the worst incidents of gun violence this Nation has ever seen. When they return, they are going to be asking themselves, their parents, their teachers, and even us a lot of questions:  What has been done to make our school safer?  Is it harder for kids to get guns today?  What has Congress done to help us?  And who is really trying to make a difference?  Many of those same children came here from Littleton this month, and they asked us those same questions. I believe their questions went largely unanswered.  The children received assurances from leadership on both sides of the aisle that Congress is working hard to reduce or eliminate future school shootings and that Members of Congress sympathized with them and would do anything they could to help. But as one child from Littleton put it bluntly: ``It is one thing for them to say they sympathize with our pain; it is quite another to look down a gun barrel and think that maybe you are going to die.''  This was from a girl just 17 years old, but a girl forced to grow up very quickly after the events of this past year. This is what the issue is all about--the boys and girls out there who fear for their lives every day because of gun violence.  I have asked fourth graders in California schools what is their greatest fear. Do you know what it is? Getting shot on the way to school.  Yet still we wait and we do nothing.  We spent more than a week in this body debating and voting on dozens of provisions to stem the tide of youth violence in this country, and--as much as some would still refuse to accept it--to curb the flood of guns reaching criminals and children.  This debate isn't all about just controlling guns. I think this debate really has three pertinent parts to it: One, improving parenting. Parents need to spend more time with their children. They need to set limits and they need to see that they are observed. They need to spend a lot of time with the young people. This has become less and less in a world that requires two parents to work. That is one thing--better parenting.  There is a second thing. Youngsters left alone are more often more dependent on media than I was when I was raised. In my younger days, there wasn't even television, believe it or not. Today, media is surrounded by a culture of violence--even video games. So youngsters are much more exposed to violence today than I was when I was growing up in this country.  Third, the Nation is awash in guns. These three things make a very combustible mix, and we need to deal with it.  But still we wait and we do nothing.  The delays have come in many forms, as I have said--political maneuvering, parliamentary tactics, and others. Just recently, in a virtually unprecedented move, anti-gun control forces in the House of Representatives raised a last-minute ``blue slip'' challenge to the amendment I just spoke about, which would stop the importation of these big clips--over 11 million of them last year.  It is my understanding this may have been the first time in history that such a challenge was raised to an amendment under Title 18, the criminal code. The first time in history--but that didn't stop the NRA or its supporters in this Congress.  The clear goal of this amendment, and of the overwhelming majority of Members in both Houses of Congress who voted for it, is to keep those foreign-made, high-capacity ammunition clips off our streets and out of the hands of children and criminals. That is the intent. You can't use them for hunting. They are not good for defensive purposes. They are offensive in their use.  For most people, stopping these big clips from flowing into our country and into the hands of children and criminals is simply common sense. But not for the NRA. They have tried to kill this measure for years. They supported the loophole in the first place. This most recent attempt, the blue slip challenge, popped up at the last minute--after the amendment had passed the Senate, after it had passed the House unanimously, and after we had already waited for weeks for a conference to start the juvenile justice bill.  Essentially, the challenge raised to the bill involves the constitutional prerogatives of the House of Representatives to originate all revenue bills. Several Members of the House argue that because the importation of large-capacity, ammunition-feeding devices creates some revenue for the Treasury, the prohibition of such importation would cost us money, and thus the entire juvenile justice bill becomes a revenue bill. Because no similar measure was in the House bill, it was proclaimed that the Senate had illegally originated a revenue bill. After little debate and much misinformation, the House voted to send the juvenile justice bill back to the Senate so that we could remove the clip provision.  I don't believe such action was warranted, and I would have liked an opportunity to make my case before the vote took place, but there wasn't time. In the end, I had little choice, and I picked up the telephone and called the Speaker of the House of Representatives, who was most gracious. He took my call. He said he did not want to kill the clip ban. He did not believe the House of Representatives--the majority--wanted to kill the clip ban, and he would support its reinstitution. I then called the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the very distinguished Henry Hyde of Illinois, and he had made the clip ban amendment on the floor, which passed unanimously in separate legislation. He said he was supportive of the clip ban. He said he would move to put it back in conference and that he believed a conference committee that he would appoint on the House side would support its reinstitution into the bill.  Put plainly, we were sideswiped, and we were given no time to recover. But make no mistake, the juvenile justice bill is not a revenue bill, and this challenge, I believe, was simply an attempt to further delay the will of the American people.  I want to explain why I don't believe the clip import ban is a revenue measure, as it is meant by the Constitution, despite what the House Parliamentarian has said. I want to put my views on the record in the hope that this type of cynical maneuver won't happen again in the future.  I am not a constitutional scholar, but to me, this is simple common sense. In my view, the mere fact that a small part of a very large bill may incidentally effect some revenue doesn't make the bill a revenue bill. The Constitution states that all bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House. This has been interpreted to mean all bills affecting revenue, I guess, because although the clip ban does not raise revenue, it does affect revenue in a small way by causing the Treasury to lose the proceeds from a 4.2-percent tariff on ammunition clips that are used in certain types of firearms--I believe, handguns.  I don't believe the intent of this constitutional provision was to prevent the Senate from ever passing a bill that somehow affects revenue. After all, almost everything we do, in some way, affects revenue. We constantly pass bills establishing or eliminating fees. We put new requirements on the executive branch that will clearly lead to increased costs. We establish programs that will bring extra money to the Treasury in ways many people find hard to imagine. Our Founding Fathers wanted the House to originate legislation that raises taxes, and that I understand and concur with. But I don't believe they meant for the House to originate every bill in Congress, which would be the logical extension of the arguments made during this very short debate.  The juvenile justice bill was clearly not a bill for raising revenue, and neither was the clip ban amendmentitself. The juvenile justice bill was a bill to stop crime. The clip ban was an amendment to eliminate large-capacity, ammunition-feeding devices from our streets. Any revenue affect was incidental, and any claim to the contrary is simply mistaken.  In fact, the revenue effect of this bill was so incidental that nobody even realized that tariffs would be lost until a few short weeks ago. Not when the amendment came to the Senate floor and passed. Not when the amendment came to the House floor and passed. Not during the days and weeks that the juvenile justice bills sat on the calendar.  Only when the pressure was finally getting too great--only when the Senate Majority leader and the House Speaker promised conferees that week--only then did this issue come up for the first time, at the very last minute, before a rushed vote.  Mr. President, in at least two Supreme Court cases--U.S. versus Munoz in 1990 and another as far back as 1897--the Court has held that ``revenue bills are those that levy taxes in the strict sense of the word, and are not bills for other purposes which may incidentally create revenue.''  Clearly, Mr. President, the juvenile justice bill is not a bill that levies taxes ``in the strict sense of the word,'' but rather it is precisely the type of bill the Supreme Court agrees is not a revenue bill--one that is, and I quote it again, ``for other purposes which may incidentally'' affect revenue.  Unfortunately, the House of Representatives never had a chance to review those Court cases, because this issue came up so quickly.  In the end, whether or not a Senate bill is a revenue bill boils down to the opinion of a majority of House Members, and those Members have spoken by returning the juvenile justice bill to us for correction. But I firmly believe that if the House had been given an opportunity to study the facts and review the precedent, the outcome would have been different. Instead, the issue was rushed, the debate cut off, and the outcome predetermined.  I can only hope that we have now overcome the remaining hurdles and we can quickly move to conference on these bills, because we are running out of time.  With fewer than 8 legislative days left before the children of Columbine High go back to school, the future of this bill rests squarely with the Republican leadership in both the House and Senate. They have said they want to make progress with our gun laws, and they now have it within their power to do so.  I am encouraged that it now appears that the logjam has been broken, but the inventive and imaginative delays we have faced so far leave me wary of future shenanigans.  The question is, Will those who claim to support reasonable gun control finally put their money where their mouths are, or will they continue to use unprecedented parliamentary maneuvering to avoid the issue and give the NRA its very own Christmas in July?  I, for one, certainly hope that the American people win out, and I thank the majority leader for getting this process moving.  I also would like to extend my thanks to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee for their support. Chairman Hyde was very supportive of the assault weapons legislation, which was moved as an amendment to the crime bill in 1994, and his integrity has remained strong and unchallenged in that regard.  That is the one confidence that I have that this clip ban has a chance to fly once again. That rests on the integrity of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, which I believe is unblemished, and also on the Speaker of the House of Representatives, both of whom have given me their firm assurances.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  