 President, what I believe we are in, to some extent, is a kind of interindustry beef, if I might use that vernacular. And it all deals with the shipment of alcohol or alcoholic beverages across State lines.  The amendment just submitted by the distinguished Senator from West Virginia is of major concern to the California wine industry. It is of major concern to the California wine industry, which makes 90 percent of the wine of this country, because small boutique wineries, which have wine tastings and then offer for sale a bottle of rather expensive wine over the Internet, are essentially affected by this amendment, which takes all State laws and essentially provides a Federal court venue.  We have had discussions in the Judiciary Committee; we had a full hearing in the the Judiciary Committee. The California Wine Institute testified as well as a vintner from Santa Cruz, CA. I thought there was going to be a delay. Senator Hatch had this amendment. He decided to let it sit for awhile so that we could put together some agreement.  Mothers Against Drunk Driving has been an original supporter of what the distinguished Senator from West Virginia proposes. However, at this time I will read from the text of a letter, dated May 13, from Mothers Against Drunk Driving, signed by Karolyn Nannalee, the national president.       At the time MADD provided testimony no legislation had been      drafted on the subject. The text of S. 577 has implications      far beyond our concerns and is, in fact, a battle between      various elements within the alcoholic beverages industry. It      does not surprise us that the competing parties would like to      have the support of the victims of drunk driving. It does,      however, dismay us that they would go to such lengths to      misrepresent our views on the subject.  I only say this because Mothers Against Drunk Driving does not, in fact support the legislation that has just been presented.  The allegation is, of course, that this legislation is directed against the wine industry, which is having increasing success in the United States as more and more Americans consume wine as opposed to other alcoholic beverages. For the small winery that may not have shelf space in a supermarket, the Internet has emerged as a source of sales of their products.  Now, let's address the question of teenage drinking. In this respect, I agree entirely, 100 percent, with what the distinguished Senator from West Virginia said. We ought to do everything we can to discourage teenage drinking. I do not have a problem with that. What I have a problem with is throwing all complicated laws with respect to alcoholic beverages into the Federal courts. I think that is unnecessary, and I think it is unwanted by many of us at least.  The amendment I have submitted--actually as an alternative, although it is a first-degree amendment--as an alternative to the amendment of the distinguished Senator from West Virginia, I believe, would solve the problem, because it would require that any package containing an alcoholic beverage that is shipped across State lines must be labeled clearly and its contents must be identified as alcoholic beverages.  Second, it would require that upon delivery the recipient must be of an age to lawfully purchase the beverage and must sign and identify himself or herself as such. It would require the invoice to state that an adult signature is required for delivery. It would require the deliverer not to deliver unless an adult signature is attached. It provides criminal penalties for violation, and with three violations the BATF, on a mandatory basis, must revoke the basic permit of any person who has been convicted of three or more violations of this section.  I think this gets at the basic problem by setting up safeguards so that particularly wine can be shipped across State lines by the purchaser.  This is complicated but is something that has arisen and has become a kind of folk art, if you will, and that is the wine tasting where people go to wine areas, where they go directly to the winery where there is a wine tasting, where they see a new bottle of wine, sometimes very limited supply, and they say: Oh, how can I buy it? And the vendor will say: You can buy it through my web site, and it is $90, $80, $70 a bottle. That is how this is done.  I believe my amendment, without throwing all of this into Federal court, essentially skins the cat without killing it. I would be hopeful that the Senate would see it as worthy.  I very much thank the distinguished Senator from West Virginia. I would like to thank the ranking member and those who made it possible for me to offer this amendment at this time.  I yield the floor.  