 President, I rise in strong support of the Coverdell-Feinstein Drug Kingpin bill, which is contained in modified form within this Intelligence Authorization Conference Report.  That bill, also co-sponsored by Senators Lott, Torricelli, DeWine, Helms, Craig, Graham and Reid, is designed to strengthen the President's hand in combating foreign narcotics traffickers around the world. Senator Coverdell and I have worked for months to answer questions about the bill, iron out remaining problems, and satisfy the concerns of the Clinton Administration over how the bill will work.  We and our staffs met with representatives from the White House, the Justice Department, the Treasury Department, the Department of State, the National Security Council, other Senate offices and many others during that time. I am gratified to report that we now have the support of this Administration, as well as both Houses of Congress.  Let me speak a bit about this provision and why it is so important. Thisprovision is patterned after an Executive Order issued by President Clinton in 1995, which targeted the assets of the powerful Colombian drug kingpins.  That Order expanded the International Emergency Economics Powers Act to include ``Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers.'' As issued, the President's Executive Order applies to four drug traffickers affiliated with the Colombian Cali cartel. The goal is to completely isolate the targeted drug traffickers.  The Executive Order blocks any financial, commercial and/or business dealings with any entity associated with the four named drug traffickers--to include criminal associates, associated family members, related businesses and financial accounts.  Under the Coverdell-Feinstein provision now contained in this Conference report--as under the President's Executive Order--the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) would develop a list of Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers in consultation with the Department of Justice, the CIA and the Department of State. Now, this list can contain traffickers throughout the world, and not just in Colombia.  By focusing on the financial relationships between drug cartels and their associated business relationships, the Executive Order--and now this new provision--is directed toward the entities that are creating the drug problem in our country--the drug cartels.  Now, this provision will codify and expand that Presidential directive to include other foreign narcotics traffickers considered a threat to our national security--Colombia was a good start, and we believe it is time to set our sights elsewhere around the world.  The goal is to isolate targeted drug traffickers and their affiliated businesses by freezing their assets under U.S. jurisdiction and cutting off their ability to do business in the United States.  Under the Executive Order, more than 400 companies and individuals affiliated with drug trafficking have been targeted by the Treasury Department.  These entities are denied access to banking services in the U.S. and Colombia, and existing bank accounts have been shut down.  As a result, more than 400 Colombian accounts have been closed, affecting over 200 companies and individuals engaged in drug trafficking.  By February 1998, over 40 of these companies, with an estimated combined annual sales of over $200 million, had been forced out of business.  Drug cartels today are more powerful, more violent and have a far greater reach than traditional organized crime organizations ever had been in the past. And, I believe they pose a major threat to our national security.  Indeed, measured in dollar value, at least four-fifths of all illicit drugs consumed in the U.S. are of foreign origin, including virtually all the cocaine and heroin.  With the authority to reach countries beyond Colombia, the President can work to isolate major criminal drug syndicates around the world, and impose upon them and their associates a similar fate as that of the Cali cartel.  It is my hope that with new emphasis on this expanded authority, and with a concerted intelligence effort to develop sufficient data about the cartels and their associates, in this country and abroad, the United States will be able to work with our allies to expose, isolate, and cut off the major drug trafficking syndicates that pose a tremendous threat to our societies.  This crucial mission can only be accomplished together, and we must work together to see that our governments are properly equipped to carry it out successfully.  To that end, this amendment establishes clear procedures through which the various parts of our own government will be able to share information with their counterparts, and make recommendations to the President as to those cartels that represent the greatest risk to our nation.  Coordinated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control in the Department of Treasury, the expanded program will target new international drug cartels with the same successful financial choke holds that worked so well in Colombia.  And let me also be clear about one thing. Nothing in this provision should in any way be read to say that the United States Government should stop cooperating with other governments in the fight against drugs.  To the utmost extent possible, the United States under this provision should continue and even expand upon its current agreements with other nations in the fight against drugs. While valid concerns over the compromise of national security, sources and methods, or ongoing investigations must be taken into account, we must also make sure that we continue to work cooperatively with those governments also intent on solving this drug crisis.  This will not be an easy process, and the results will not be immediate. But over time, we hope that the flow of drugs across our borders will be diminished.  Before I yield the floor, I want to address one concern that has been raised about due process for American citizens under this bill. Some have expressed a concern that this bill would leave U.S. citizens without redress for blocked assets, in possible violation of their due process rights. Such an outcome is certainly not what we are trying to accomplish with this bill, and I have been assured by the Treasury Department that avenues of redress will remain open to United States Citizens.  According to Richard Newcomb, the Director of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the entity responsible for carrying out the provisions of this bill:       Even when assets are properly blocked under U.S. law, a      U.S. citizen can petition OFAC for a license unblocking the      U.S. Citizens interest in blocked assets. OFAC has a long-     established policy of utilizing its licensing authority in      sanctions programs to minimize adverse impact on U.S. persons      while vigorously implementing the sanctions against targeted      foreign persons.  Second, according to Newcomb, OFAC will have the ability under section 805(b) of this Act to completely unblock assets:       If the U.S. citizen believed that its interest in the      foreign person's assets is mistakenly or wrongfully blocked,      that U.S. citizen could petition OFAC to have the interest      unblocked.  Finally, ``Also, as section 805(f) must be read to avoid any Constitutional problems, a U.S. citizen would not be precluded from that section from pursuing any Constitutional claims.''  In other words, Mr. President, U.S. citizens are now, and will continue to be, offered significant protections against wrongful blocking or seizure of their assets. The Treasury Department has assured us that nothing in this bill will eliminate a U.S. citizen's absolute, Constitutional right to due process, and nothing in this bill attempts to do so. The clear purpose of the bill is to seek out foreign drug kingpins and cut off their access to the American economy.  I'd like to thank Senator Coverdell for working so tirelessly with me on this bill, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting our efforts. I yield the floor.  