 President, as the distinguished subcommittee chairman, Senator Bennett, just outlined for the Senate, the fiscal year 2000 legislative branch appropriation bill was reported out of the full Appropriations Committee on Thursday, June 10, 1999, by a vote of 28-0. As reported by the committee, the bill, which totals $1,679,010,000 in budget authority, exclusive of House items, is $113,962,000, or 6.4 percent, below last year's enacted level and $104,529,000, or 5.9 percent, below the President's request. For Senate items only, the subcommittee recommends a total of $489,406,000--a reduction of $28,187,000, or 5.4 percent, from the President's request.  For the Capitol Police, the subcommittee recommends a total of $88.7 million for salaries and general expenses. This is an increase of $5.8 million, or 6.8 percent, over last year's enacted level. I commend the agency for soliciting a management review which was conducted by an outside consulting firm. Since that time, the Capitol Police has been very aggressive in addressing the management deficiencies outlined in that report. First, they provided the subcommittee with a departmental response which addressed the findings of the review, and they are currently in the process of developing a strategic planning process which will provide for a systematic approach to organizational enhancements and professional growth for the future. In this regard, this bill contains the funding required for improvements to information technology and transfers this responsibilities from the Senate Sergeant at Arms to the Capitol Police. This action was recommended in the management review report. The bill also provides for cost-of-living and comparability increases for the men and women of the United States Capitol Police.  For the General Accounting Office, the subcommittee recommends a funding level of $382.3 million, which is $4.8 million below the budget request, but is almost $10 million above what the House is proposing. The level proposed by the subcommittee will permit the GAO to maintain the current level of 3,275 FTEs, which is what the Comptroller requested for Fiscal Year 2000 and it will also provide adequate funds for them to meet their mandatory requirements.  Mr. President, I also want to take a minute, as I did during our full committee markup, to talk about the Senate Employees Child Care Center. As Members may be aware, the groundbreaking for the child care center began in the fall of 1996, and the center was to be completed in the fall of 1997. Here we are in June of 1999, and the center remains incomplete. I have encouraged the Architect of the Capital to raise the priority of this project and bring this problem-plagued project to completion by the current targeted date of September 1, 1999. This new center will expand the quality of child care services available to the staff who help us.  Again, Mr. President, I want to personally thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Bennett, for the courtesies he has extended to me. He is, indeed, a most thoughtful and gracious chairman--a real gentleman--who has made my first year on the subcommittee a most pleasant one.  If I may, Mr. President, I extend my very sincere thanks to Mary Dewald and Christine Ciccone of the staff for their excellent work on this bill. It has been very special, and we are blessed with wonderful staff.  