 President, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. President, I rise today to express my support for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. Unfortunately, the vote outcome today looks to be a tragedy of major proportions. It will leave the world a far less safe place and means the United States relinquishes its imperative as a leader in nuclear nonproliferation. I would like to take a few minutes to explain why I support this treaty, and to address some of the arguments presented by those who are opposed to this Treaty.  I support the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty because I believe it strengthens the U.S. ability to play a leadership role in global nuclear non-proliferation. The treaty is a key element of the global non-proliferation regime, and if the U.S. fails to ratify the CTBT, it sends a clear message around the world that the development and possession of nuclear weapons are acceptable. As former U.S. Ambassador to India Frank Wisner expressed in a letter earlier this year, if the U.S. walks away from the CTBT ``I do not want to contemplate treaty failure here followed by a breakdown with India and Pakistan and the effect these moves will have on rogue states like Iraq, Libya, Iran and North Korea.''  Second, the CTBT will constrain the development of nuclear capabilities by rogue states, as well as the development of more advanced weapons by declared nuclear states. Any significant nuclear program requires extensive testing, and while a rogue state might develop a primitive first generationweapon without testing, that testing would not be adequate to develop a sophisticated weapon. And, because new types of weapons also require testing, the CTBT will also curb the ability of states which already possess nuclear weapons from developing more advanced designs. As John Holum, Acting Undersecretary of State and the former Director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, has noted, the United States does not need tests; proliferators need tests.  Third, the CTBT will improve the U.S. ability to detect and deter nuclear tests. The American Geophysical Union and the Seismological Society of America, in a joint statement issued on October 6, found that when the International Monitoring System--with over 300 seismic, hydroacoustic, infrasound, and radionuclide monitoring stations--is in operation, no nation will be able to elude them, even with a small-yield test.  And, finally, the CTBT will make the world a safer place and safeguard U.S. national security interests. The treaty constrains the development of nuclear weapons by other states. That is good. It provides the United States with additional means to detect nuclear activities of other countries. It provides the United States with means and leverage to act if we discover that other states are, in violation of the treaty, developing nuclear weapons. And, given the size and sophistication of the U.S. nuclear arsenal--second to none in every respect--it preserves U.S. nuclear superiority and our deterrent capability. It will help make the world a safer place. It is in the national interest.  The Joint Chiefs believe that this Treaty safeguards U.S. interests. Former Chiefs, including Generals Colin Powell, John Shalikashvili, David Jones, and Admiral Crowe all endorse the treaty. Presidents of both parties, from Eisenhower and Kennedy to President Clinton have worked for a ban on nuclear test explosions. The NATO alliance has endorsed the Treaty. And other leading U.S. military and diplomatic figures--including Paul Nitze, Admiral Turner, Admiral Zumwalt--all support this treaty and believe that it makes the U.S. more secure in the world, not less.  Let me now address several of the arguments that have been raised by opponents of this treaty: That it is not verifiable; that it will compromise the reliability and integrity of the U.S. nuclear arsenal; that the U.S. needs to maintain the ability to improve our nuclear arsenal and that we can only do so with additional tests; and that others, such as North Korea and Iran, will develop nuclear weapons under the CTBT while our hands are tied.  First, several opponents of this treaty have commented that it is impossible for the CTBT to offer a 100% fool-proof means of detecting low-yield tests.  It is true that the CTBT will not provide the means for 100% verification of low-yield tests--those tests less than one kiloton in size. But it is undeniable that the additional seismic monitors, including a system that will be well-calibrated to pick up tests smaller than one kiloton (in areas of interest) and the treaty's on-site verification provisions, will increase our current verification capabilities. As the statement of the American Geophysical Union and the Seismological Society of America asserts, the CTBT will add significant capabilities to what we can now detect, and the increased likelihood of detection will serve as a real deterrent to any state contemplating a test.  In addition, as physicist and arms control expert Sidney Drell has noted, ``very low yield tests are of questionable value in designing new nuclear weapons or confirming that a new design will work as intended.'' In other words, even if the CTBT is not 100% verifiable for small-yield tests, tests of this size are only of a limited utility to a state seeking to develop nuclear weapons.  Second, questions have been raised about the adequacy of the Science Based Stockpile Stewardship Program to maintain the reliability and integrity of U.S. weapons systems.  Simply put, according to General Shalikashvili in testimony before Congress, ``our warheads, having been adequately tested in the past, continue to be safe and reliable.'' With the Stockpile Stewardship Program, further nuclear testing is not necessary to maintain the safety and reliability of the U.S. arsenal. The U.S. has conducted over 1,000 nuclear tests. We have a high level of knowledge and sophistication and sufficient data to maintain the safety and reliability of our weapons. The U.S. does not need to conduct further nuclear tests--it is other states that need to test if they seek to develop nuclear programs, and it is precisely tests by other states that the CTBT will constrain or prevent.  In fact, because the U.S. does not need to continue to test, in 1992 President Bush signed into law legislation that established a moratorium on U.S. testing, and we have not tested a weapon in six years.  Each year the heads of Los Alamos, Sandia, and Lawrence Livermore have certified that the U.S. stockpile is safe and reliable. There is every indication that, aided by sophisticated computer modeling and other stockpile stewardship initiatives, they will be able to continue to make these certifications. In fact, in a February 2, 1998 statement, the three lab heads stated that ``We are confident that the Stockpile Stewardship program will enable us to maintain America's nuclear deterrent without nuclear testing.''  Critically--and this point should not be overlooked or ignored by opponents of the treaty--if at any point the United States finds that it can not continue to certify the safety and reliability of our nuclear weapons, under the President's safeguards package incorporated in the Democratic Amendment, the U.S. will maintain the prerogative to pull out of the CTBT and conduct tests or take whatever measures are necessary to maintain stockpile integrity. In other words, our very ability to maintain stockpile safety is a condition of U.S. participation in the CTBT.  Third, questions have been raised as to whether the U.S. needs to continue to test to maintain the ability to improve our nuclear arsenal to face the security challenges that lie ahead.  While the CTBT might constrain our ability to develop whole new classes of weapons, the CTBT does allow us to make modifications to our weapons, including casings, detonators, batteries, and arming systems. In a letter to President Clinton, Dr. Hans A. Bethe, head of the Manhattan Project's theoretical division and professor of physics emeritus at Cornell University, states that ``If any component shows signs of deterioration it will be refabricated. If the fuel itself is degrading, it will be refreshed.''  Parts that wear out can be replaced, and modifications can be made that will improve the capabilities of our nuclear arsenal. Thus, for example, in 1996 a B-61-7 nuclear bomb was modified to a B-61-Mod V earth penetrating weapon by hardening the outer casing. Unlike the B-61-7, the B-61-Mod V has additional capability to penetrate hardened targets.  In other words, the CTBT, while effectively preventing other states from developing nuclear weapons, will still allow the United States to modify its arsenal to meet the challenges that we may face in the years ahead.  Finally, there is the argument that under the CTBT other states--especially such states as North Korea or Iran--will do what they want while our hands will be tied.  In the final analysis some states will do what they want in violation of the norm established by the international community anyway. In other words, they will seek to develop nuclear weapons whether or not the CTBT is in force.  The real question, then, is if the CTBT will make it easier or more difficult for these states to develop nuclear weapons.  For example, with or without the CTBT the U.S. will face problems verifying small-yield tests. And the fact of the matter is that without the CTBT, relying only on national intelligence means, we will have greater difficulty in detecting any tests and less leverage to do anything about it if we do.  Again, to quote General Shalikashvili,       On the issue of verification we have concluded that a      Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty will actually put us in a      better position to obtain effective verification than we      would have without the Treaty. The Treaty does not provide      ``perfect verification,'' but that     level of verification that would allow us to detect, to      identify and to attribute that level of testing that could      undercut our nuclear deterrent.  The CTBT may thus deter some from going forward with nuclear developments entirely--India and Pakistan have indicated that they would adhere to a test ban, for example--and for those it will not deter, it will make the development of nuclear weapons that much more difficult, and perhaps impossible.  I do not believe the CTBT, or any treaty for that matter, can prevent a determined state from doing what the treaty forbids. But that is neither the right nor the fair standard to measure the treaty against. One cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good.  The bottom line is that by any measure the CTBT will make the development of nuclear weapons by other states more difficult, will add to the U.S. ability to detect tests, and will enhance U.S. national security by preventing the spread of nuclear weapons while assuring that the U.S. maintains a strong and capable nuclear deterrent second to none. And we also know that failure of the U.S. to ratify the CTBT will have disastrous repercussion.  The United States has led the international effort to keep the nuclear genie in the bottle for the past five decades. As we prepare to enter a new century we should not now uncork that bottle, and make our legacy to the twenty-first century the unleashing of a global nuclear weapons race.  Although I do not believe that this is the appropriate time for this Senate to vote on this treaty, I urge my colleagues to support ratification of the CTBT.  