 I appreciate his comments about my State. I also compliment both the ranking member and the chairman of the committee for their drive, for their motivation, and for their staying power to get this conference report done.  Mr. President, the room was crowded. The hours were long. The views were sometimes cantankerous. But both the chairman and the ranking member, I think, were steadfast in the desire to produce a conference report which could, in fact, be approved by both bodies.  I also pay tribute to the chairman from the House, Mr. Young.  I had never seen him preside before. What I observed, which I think is well worth noting, was his fairness, his equanimity, and really his ability to move the process along which, without rankling, can be a very diverse membership. I say the same for Mr. Obey, who really was steadfast in pursuing his own views.  I support this report. It contains the $12 billion for Kosovo. I am especially pleased to note that the supplemental contains funding for the documentation of war crimes, including rapes that appear to have been committed as part of Serbia's brutal campaign of ethnic cleansing. As the ranking member and the chairman have pointed out, it contains the much-needed disaster assistance and the $574 million in agricultural funding to provide a measure of assistance to very hard-pressed farmers throughout this great country.  I do want to speak about one small item. As we debate the conference report on the emergency supplemental appropriations bill, I want to express my concerns about the inclusion of a ``hold harmless'' provision for what are called concentration grants authorized by Title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  In chapter 5, on page 91 of the conference report (Report 106-143), the conferees included $56.4 million for Title I concentration grants ``to direct the Department of Education to hold harmless all school districts that received Title I concentration grants in fiscal year 1998.* * *'' The report goes on to say, ``Neither the House nor the Senate bills contained these provisions.''  This provision is very disturbing for several reasons.  First, it was not included in either the House or Senate bills. Therefore, it has not been considered by the authorizing committees of either house. It has not been considered by the appropriations committees of either house. There have been no hearings. It has not gone through the normal deliberative process under which we hear from experts, weigh the pros and cons and cast votes. Quite frankly, this provision appeared ``in the dark of night.''  Second, the hold harmless provision contravenes an important provision of the law, known as the census update, a requirement in law that the U.S. Department of Education must allocate Title I funds based on the newest child poverty figures, figures that are updated every two years. Congress adopted the census update requirement in 1994 so that Title I funds--which the law says are to help disadvantaged children--truly follow the child, that dollars be determined generally by the number of children who are eligible. The holdharmless provision in this bill before us, guaranteeing that school districts that got funds in 1998 will get funds in 1999, even if their number of poor children has declined, violates the requirement that funds be allocated based on the most recent child poverty data available. The provision in this bill effectively rewards ``incumbents,'' despite their number of poor children, despite merit or need.  Third, this provision disregards Title I's eligibility requirements. Title I concentration grants are supposed to be especially targeted to concentrations of poor children, under the law. Districts that have poor children exceeding 6,500 or 15% of their total school-aged children are eligible for these grants, which are in addition to the ``regular,'' basic Title I grants. Guaranteeing funds to districts, no matter what the number or percent of poor children in those districts, spreads limited funds to districts that are not eligible because they do not have concentrations of poverty. It effectively takes away funds from districts that do have high concentrations of poor children. It overrides the eligibility requirements we have set and agreed on in law.  In my state, some school districts could benefit from this ``hold harmless'' provision because the number of poor children changed; it went below the eligibility threshold of the Title I concentration grants program. Like most Senators, I do not want any school district in my state to lose education funds.  But we either have rules or we don't. We have eligibility criteria or we don't.If the current eligibility rules are wrong or are not working, we should change them in the authorizing process, a review which the Health and Education Committee is currently undertaking. We should not set up eligibility rules and then flagrantly ignore them, override them or ``freeze'' in place funds to districts that do not meet the requirements. We should not rewrite the rules in the ``dark of night'' outside the normal legislative process.  Fourth, this provision violates the principle that funds should follow the child. Title I was created for poor, disadvantaged children. That is its fundamental purpose and funding to states is determined largely by the number of poor children, children that all agree have great educational needs. This amendment sends funds to districts merely because they got funds in the previous year, not because the districts have needy children and not in proportion to the number of poor children they have.  Finally, this provision is very unfair to states like mine that have a very high growth rate in the number of poor children. In California, the number of poor children grew by 52 percent from 1990 to 1995. In Arizona, poor children grew 38 percent from 1990 to 1995. In Georgia, 35 percent. In Nevada, 56 percent. That is why Congress included a requirement for a child poverty update. This amendment is very unfair to those children. This amendment takes the funds away from the poor children for which the funds were intended.  