 As recently as 1987, C employed over 1,400 people. These are not minimum wage jobs we are talking about; the average employee in the cane refining industry earns about $43,000 a year. In 1995, C had to eliminate 30 percent of its workforce just to remain viable under the quota system mandated by the sugar program.  C now employs just over 500 people. These jobs and many others around the Nation are at risk if reforms are not made to the sugar program.  In addition to choking off the refineries' access to sugar, the U.S. sugar policy also has had an adverse impact on consumers. An earlier report by the GAO found that the program costs sugar users an average $1.4 billion annually, as has been mentioned. That equates to $3.8 million a day in hidden sugar taxes.  The report found that:       Although the sugar program is considered a no-net-cost      program because the Government does not make payments      directly to producers, it places the cost of the price      supports on sweetener users--consumers and manufacturers of      sweetener-containing products--who pay higher sugar and      sweetener prices.  What this means is that, unlike traditional subsidy programs, the funds don't come directly from the Treasury. Instead, the sugar program places the cost on consumers by restricting the supply of available sugar which causes higher domestic market prices. This is our Government program; it makes no sense.  On numerous occasions over the past 5 years, I have asked the administration to reform the sugar program. Simply increasing the amount of sugar available through the import program would provide immediate relief to C and all other domestic refineries. To date, no such permanent reform of the program has occurred. In the absence of these reforms, Congress must take stronger action.  Congress has had opportunities in the past to kill this program and we have not taken them. As a result, workers have lost jobs and consumers have lost money.  Regardless of what happens with this amendment, the effort to reform the sugar program is not going to end. Senators Schumer, Chafee, Gregg, Moynihan, myself, and others have introduced legislation that would phase out the subsidy over the next several years.  If the administration refuses to work with us to make the program responsive to the needs of the domestic sugar refinery industry and to our consumers, we will have no choice but to push for passage of this bill.  I thank the Chair.  I yield the floor.  