  I begin by thanking the Senator from California for her leadership on this issue. I have watched her on the floor. She has carried the message of this important issue in a very significant way. I thank her very much.  I want to speak today as a mother of a daughter, as a stepmother of three young women and a grandmother of one granddaughter. I speak as a woman who grew up in this country when abortion was illegal, who went to university at that time and saw things I wish I hadn't seen, like young women on the verge of suicide because of the predicament they were in. I want to speak about a time when I sat on the California Women's Parole Board in the 1960's, a board that sentenced doctors who performed abortions and women who had had abortions. Abortion carried a sentence of 6 months to 10 years. I remember their stories. I used to read the case histories of the patients and I saw the terrible morbidity and mortality that took place in California when abortion was illegal. I don't want to go back to those days and those stories of absolute desperation.  As I have listened to the debate, what I have heard has been a kind of moral sanctimony of people who think they know better than anyone else. They maintain that their lifestyle, their way of handling problems, is the way everybody should handle problems. In the real world, it doesn't work that way. Nobody knows anyone else's condition, circumstances, health, life or frailties.  Roe v. Wade came down in 1973 and established a trimester system for the Nation which took abortion out of the arena of politicians telling my four daughters what they could do or could not do with their reproductive systems.  Frankly, I find the discussion deeply humiliating and very distressing--the discussion of women's body parts in the Senate of the United States of America, as if we don't have sense enough to do with our bodies what we know is ethically and morally right.  The fact is, the overwhelming majority of women in this great Nation do know and they do what is right. They want to have children and they do deliver children. The beauty of Roe v. Wade was that it took the explosive issue of abortion out of the political arena and set a trimester system that made sense, both for the unborn child as well as for the woman herself.  I will quickly summarize what that is. Roe essentially said that for the stage prior to the end of the first trimester of pregnancy, the abortion decision must be left to the medical judgment of the pregnant woman and the woman's attending physician. For the stage approximately following the end of the first trimester, the State, in promoting its interest in the health of the mother, may, if it chooses, regulate the abortion procedure in ways that are reasonably related to maternal health.  Finally, for the stage following viability--that is, the time when the fetus can live outside of the womb--the State, in promoting its interests in the potentiality of human life, may, if it chooses, regulate and even ban abortion, except where it is necessary, in the appropriate medical judgment, for the preservation of the life or health of the mother.  That is Roe v. Wade. It took the debate off these legislative floors all across this great Nation. It set up a constitutional right so that women could protect themselves from the views of one person who got elected to public office or another person who got elected to public office, an imposition of their views on all of the women of America.  Roe v. Wade has stood the test of time. It should be supported, and we now have an opportunity to do so. Let me make a couple of comments on what we have before us.  Since 1992, there have been 120 votes that sought to infringe on Roe and sought to constrain a woman's right to control her own reproductive system; 113 of them have been successful. My colleague from California and I have watched the march to limit a woman's right to choose, to find ways to encroach on it, whether it is not allowing women on Medicaid to have abortions; whether it is not giving money to the District of Columbia if the District of Columbia uses Federal, or even its own dollars for abortion services for women; limiting the rights of women in the military, and on and on and on--a steady march to eliminate Roe v. Wade and a woman's right to choose. And now we have this issue of so-called partial-birth abortion before us.  I sit on the Judiciary Committee. I have attended all of the hearings on this subject. What has been interesting to me is, in the many years that we have discussed this, there has been no medical definition presented in the legislation describing what a partial-birthabortion really is. No one has used what I think they aim at, which is something called intact D and X, which is in fact a specific medical procedure and which is known to physicians.  I ask unanimous consent to print in the Record a statement of policy by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.  