 President, I want to take this time, if I may, to do something I have never done before, certainly on the floor of the Senate, and share with you my personal experience with guns and why I feel as strongly as I do with what is happening in this Nation with respect to them.  In 1976, I was president of the board of supervisors in San Francisco. There was a terrorist group by the name ofthe New World Liberation Front that was operating in the far west. They had blown up power stations throughout the West. They targeted me and placed a bomb in a flower box outside my house. The bomb had a construction-grade explosive which does not detonate below freezing. It never drops below freezing in San Francisco. It was set to detonate at 1:30 in the morning.  It did detonate, but the explosive washed up the side of the building and it did not explode. The timer went out in the street, and the next morning, we found the explosive on the side of the house. It was a very sobering thing because it was right below my daughter's window. Then this same group shot out about 15 windows in a beach house my husband and I owned.  I went to the police department and asked for protection, and I asked if I could learn to carry a weapon. So I received, in 1976, a concealed weapon permit to carry a weapon. I was trained at the police range. The weapon I carried was a chief's special 38, five shots. I practiced regularly.  My husband was going through cancer surgery at this time, and I remember walking back and forth to the hospital feeling safer because I had this small gun in my purse. A year later, arrests were made, and I returned the gun and, as a matter of fact, it was melted down with about eight others into a cross which I was able to present to the Holy Father in Rome in the early 1980s.  Subsequent to that time, a direct contradictory incident changed my life dramatically, when a colleague of mine on the board of supervisors smuggled a gun in, a former police officer, and shot and killed the mayor and shot and killed a colleague.  I spoke about this very briefly on the floor once before, but I was the one who found my colleague's body and put a finger through a bullet hole trying to get a pulse. I became mayor as a product of assassination in a most difficult time in my city's history.  Between those two incidents, I have seen the reassurance, albeit false, that a weapon can give someone under siege. With a terrorist group, one does not know when they will strike. I was very frightened. I decided I would try to fight back, if I could, and did the legal things to be able to do it. So I understand that reassurance.  On the other hand, I have seen the criminal use of weapons. Then I began to see very clearly, between the late seventies and today, the evolution of the gun on the streets of America and seeing these very high-powered weapons striking hard and killing innocent people. I actually walked a block in Los Angeles where, in 6 months, 30 people were mowed down by drive-by shooters carrying these weapons.  I went to 101 California Street and saw the devastation that an aggrieved man brought about when he walked in with assault weapons and mowed down innocent people.  Let me tell you a couple of the characteristics of some of these weapons. I will begin with the weapon that was used in Littleton.  The Intratech TEC-9, TEC-DC9, TEC-22 is a favorite weapon of drug dealers, according to BATF gun data. One out of every five assault weapons traced from a crime is a TEC-9, according to BATF. It comes standard with a 30- to 36-round ammunition magazine capable of being fired as fast as the operator can pull the trigger. It is one of the most inexpensive semiautomatic assault weapons available. The original pistol version, called KG-9, was so easily converted to fully automatic it was reclassified by the BATF in 1982 as a machine gun.  The TEC-22 is very similar to the TEC-9 and TEC-DC9 and fires .22 caliber ammunition, manufactured in the United States.  The other one widely used is the AK-47. It is the most widely used assault weapon in the world, now manufactured in many countries. An estimated 20 to 50 million have been produced. It comes standard with a 30-round ammunition magazine capable of being fired as fast as the operator can pull the trigger. Some models are available with collapsible stock to facilitate accountability, developed in 1947 in the Soviet Union.  These are two of the weapons most used--banned by the assault weapons legislation.  What is the problem? The problem is the gun manufacturers are so craven that whatever you write, they find a way to get around it, to produce a thumb-hole stock or some other device, but to continue the basics of the weapon--that it can be held in two hands, that it can be spray fired. And what enables it to be so lethal and used in grievance killings and used by drive-by shooters and used by gangs is the big clips. No one can get to you to disarm you if you have a 70-round clip, a 90-round clip, or two 30-round clips strapped together.  So the purpose of the assault weapons legislation was to dry up that supply, not to take one away from anybody but over time dry up the supply. Today, no one in this country can manufacture a clip, drum, or strip of more than 10 bullets. No one can sell it legally. No one can possess it legally if it is made postban. The loophole is that they are pouring in from 20 different nations.  I went to the President, and I said: Can you use your executive authority to stop it? Just as he did with the foreign importation of assault weapons. What I was told by Justice was, no, we need legislation to close the loophole.  So I say to the Senator, where my legislation differs from yours is in exceptions and plugging this loophole. I very much hope we can plug the loophole. I very much hope the intent of your legislation isn't to submarine my legislation, isn't to prevent the closure of this loophole, which, as submitted to me right down there--I will never forget where it happened--was simply a grandfather clause to permit those weapons that had bills of lading on them in transport coming into this country. And I believe it should be closed. I believe the supply should be dried up.  Let me talk about the school killings and how these clips come into it for a moment.  I sent my staff to buy some of these clips. Let's see if it is easy; let's see if it is hard.  On the Internet, no questions asked. It is $8, $10 for a clip; no questions asked. Give your mother's credit card and you get it in the mail within a couple of days. We bought a 75-round magazine for an AK-47. And we bought several 30-round clips for $7.99, $8. And then if it slips into the weapon, you have a gun that can kill 30 people before you can be disarmed. That is why I so desperately want to plug this loophole.  As I believe the time is up, I yield the floor and will continue this on my own time. I thank the Chair.  