 President, I rise to support the underlying McCain-Dodd-Wyden-Lieberman-Feinstein bill, because I believe this bill is a once in a millennium, 3-year law. Without it, I believe we could see the destruction or dismemberment of America's cutting-edge lead in technology. We all know that the year 2000 is rapidly approaching and with it there comes a wide variety of possible disruptions relating to the so-called Y2K problem.  It is true, though, that no one really knows how big the problem will be or how small it will be, so government organizations, businesses large and small, and private individuals are all scrutinizing the area from their own particular perspective. The area that has received the most attention is concern over a possible flood of lawsuits that could clog courts and distract businesses from solving these problems early in the next millennium. Several well-known consultants and firms, including the Gartner Group, have established that Y2K litigation could quickly reach as high as $1 trillion. So concerned Members of Congress, including Senators McCain, Hatch, Dodd, and others, have been working for many months in an attempt to craft a solution to what has recently been described as this trillion-dollar headache.  The genesis of the bill now pending on the floor was a request by literally dozens of companies and more than 80 industry groups--including the Semiconductor Industry Association, the National Association of Manufacturers, the Chamber of Commerce, the Information Technology Association--to develop legislation to prevent frivolous and baseless lawsuits that could jeopardize companies moving to quickly solve Y2K problems. The trick was not at the same time to prevent the suit with merit.  I began working on a similar bill with Senator Hatch almost 6 months ago, because I became convinced that the Congress did need to intervene in order to ensure that Y2K problems are quickly and efficiently solved. Now, after several months of negotiating and a combined effort among a number of different Senators, I believe we have reached a fair compromise. This bill is especially important to California where over 20 percent of the Nation's high-tech jobs are located. The problem actually extends even beyond high-tech companies to the lives of employees, stockholders, and customers in a wide range of American businesses.  One of the first indications I had of the depth of the concern was when groups of consultants began to come to us saying they refused to become involved in helping companies solve Y2K problems for fear that they would open themselves up to being sued later on. Instead, they would rather just not get involved. One such group was the American Association of Computer Consulting Businesses that represent 400 companies and more than 15,000 consultants. They told me personally that they were going to refuse to enter into any Y2K consulting contract until they had some kind of additional protection. So it became very clear to me that, indeed, we do have a real problem. I believe the underlying bill crafts a real solution.  I think it is important to say, and say again and again, that nothing in this bill is permanent. It is simply a 3-year bill, limited to specific cases. The bill applies only to Y2K failures and only to those failures that occur before January 1, 2003. Let me quickly go over the provisions as I see them.  The 90-day cooling off period during which time no suit may be filed enables businesses to concentrate on solving Y2K problems rather than on fending off lawsuits.  The bill provides for proportionate liability in many cases, so that defendants are punished according to their fault and not according to their deep pockets. I am not an attorney and I have always felt this was the most fair way to go, except in certain situations, and the bill does provide for those certain situations. I would like to go into this in greater detail.  The bill also encourages parties to request and use alternative dispute resolution at any time during this 90-day cooling off period. For Y2K class actions, the bill requires, in order to qualify, that a majority of plaintiffs must have suffered some minimal injury. That would avoid cases in which thousands of unknowing plaintiffs are lumped together in an attempt to force a quick settlement.  For small businesses, the bill limits punitive damages to $250,000, or three times compensatory damages, so as to deter frivolous suits. It prevents the ``tortification'' of contracts with several provisions that require businesses to live up to their agreements rather than turning to the courts in the hopes of avoiding their responsibilities.  These are not the only provisions in the legislation, but these provisions represent the basic premise of a bill that does not seek to prevent the truly injured from recovering damages, but will hopefully prevent the frivolous lawsuit and keep companies from solving problems without delay.  There is much that is not in this bill, and there have been many changes made in the bill, certainly since I became involved in it. I would like to just indicate a few of them.  All caps on attorney's fees have been removed. Punitive damage caps for large businesses have been eliminated. Punitive damage caps for small businesses have been increased from three times actual damages to three times compensatory damages. All government regulatory or enforcement actions have been exempted from the bill, and three exceptions to the elimination of joint and several liability are provided in order to protect smaller plaintiffs and those who cannot recover from every defendant. The caps on liability for officers and directors have been removed, and the bill has been changed to provide that per suit there is only one 90-day cooling off period.  I think the cooling off period is probably very well known and probably very well accepted, so let me dispense with any further explanation on that point. But let's go to one of the more controversial parts, proportionate liability.  One of the reasons this bill is important to the affected companies is that it prevents plaintiffs from forcing quick settlements from innocent defendants who should be trying to solve Y2K problems. Additionally, under the system of joint and several liability, a defendant found to be only 20, 10, or even 1 percent at fault can nonetheless be forced to pay 100 percent of the damages. This system, as we all know, encourages plaintiffs to go after deep-pocket defendants first in order to force that quick settlement. It is my basic belief that this is fundamentally unfair, and the bill eliminates joint and several liability in some Y2K cases.  Under the new system, for this brief 3-year period, defendants will be responsible only for that portion of damage that can be attributed to them. The bill does have, as I have said, three specific exceptions to the elimination of joint and several liability, and thosewere taken from the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act recently passed overwhelmingly by the Congress and signed into the law by the President.  First, any plaintiff worth less than $200,000 and suffering harm of more than 10 percent of that net worth may recover against all defendants jointly and severally. This exception in the bill protects those plaintiffs with a low net worth but will not unduly injure defendants, because the damages recovered will not be that great.  Second, any defendant who acts with an intent to injure or defraud a plaintiff loses the protections under this bill and is again subject to joint and several liability. The bill does not protect those acting with an intent to harm.  Finally, the bill provides a compromise for those cases in which defendants are judgment-proof. In cases where a plaintiff cannot recover from certain defendants, the other defendants in the case are each liable for an additional portion of the damages. However, in no case can a defendant be forced to pay more than 150 percent of its level of fault.  These proportionate liability provisions offer a more fair and, I truly believe, rational approach to the system of damages in Y2K cases. Without this more balanced system, a few large companies will soon be forced to bear the entire brunt of Y2K litigation regardless of fault, and that is the problem. That is what will destroy the cutting edge of American prominence in this area, and that will result in jobs being lost.  Under the system of proportionate liability, this bill holds defendants responsible for the extent of their fault and no more, with the exceptions I have just mentioned.  Another area that I think deserves a little bit of clarification is the class action area. Under the class action section of this bill, a year 2000 class action suit cannot proceed unless the defect upon which the action is based is material to a majority of class members. This section is very important. Essentially, this clause prevents the type of ``strike suits'' we saw in the securities litigation area.  In the Y2K context, this provision will stop overly aggressive plaintiffs from searching out small defects in computer programs, gathering together thousands of software users who do not even know they have been injured, and trying to force a quick settlement out of the software manufacturer.  Once this bill passes, if a class action suit alleges that software does not function properly, the action can proceed only if the alleged defect affects a majority of the class members in some significant way. Trivial defects that would not even be noticed by most class members would not be cause for a class action. Again, plaintiffs with good cause may still proceed, but frivolous suits would be stopped. That is the purpose of the provision and the purpose of the bill.  There has been a lot of discussion in this Chamber about punitive damage caps. The Dodd-McCain compromise caps punitive damages, for small businesses only, at the lesser of $250,000 or three times compensatory damages.  The idea of capping punitive damages is one of the most controversial issues in this or any other bill dealing with changes to our system of civil justice. In this case, I believe reasonable and carefully drafted caps on punitive damages can deter frivolous suits. Additionally, capping punitive damages reduces the incentive to settle meritless suits because companies will not be at risk for huge, unwarranted verdicts.  I recognize that this is a controversial issue and that intelligent, well-meaning people may disagree over whether this is the time or the place to address punitive damages. But I have continually emphasized that this bill is not about punitive damages, and the compromise dramatically limits the punitive damage caps compared to earlier versions.  In summary, this $1 trillion litigation headache is approaching. This Congress can provide thoughtful, preventive medicine and some anticipatory pain relief in the form of reasoned, fair, and thoughtful compromise. I think the bill sets forward clear rules to be followed in all Y2K cases. I believe it levels the playing field for all parties who will be involved in these suits. Companies and individuals alike will know the rules and will know what they have to do. Most important, there is an element of stability that can come from this bill which will allow companies to prevent Y2K problems when possible, fix Y2K defects when necessary, and proceed to remediate damages in an orderly and fair manner.  It is true that some plaintiffs may have to wait a little bit longer to file a suit for damages, but their rights will not be curtailed and recovery will not be prevented. In fact, the waiting period in the bill will make it far more likely that problems will be solved quickly, allowing potential plaintiffs to get on with the activities that were disrupted by the Y2K problem at issue.  This bill has been through a tortuous legislative drafting process with criticisms, suggestions, and changes made from every side and by every sector of our society. I hope we can pass this bill and send it to the President, and let us show the Nation that the Y2K crisis will not cripple our courts, will not disrupt our economy, and will not slow our progress toward a 21st century world.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  