 President, I rise to support the Financial Services Modernization Act. I would like to explain why I will vote in favor of this conference bill, but I also want to discuss one area where I feel this legislation falls significantly short--privacy. The financial modernization bill deserves the support of this body for several reasons:  (1) First, it reforms our antiquated financial services laws. By allowing a single organization to offer any type of financial product, the bill will stimulate competition and innovation in the banking, securities and insurance industry. It will increase choice and reduce costs for consumers, communities and businesses. According to Secretary Summers, Americans spend over $350 billion per year for fees and commissions for brokerage, insurance and banking services. If increased competition yielded savings to consumers of even 5 percent, they would save over $18 billion per year.  (2) By removing the barriers to competition, the act will also enhance the stability of our financial services system. Financial institutions will be able to diversify their product offerings--and therefore their sources of revenue. They will also be better able to compete in the global financial marketplace, which is rapidly changing. Though U.S. banks still maintain some of the highest numbers in assets, they no longer rank the highest among the world's top banks in profitability. The financial services modernization bill gives U.S. financial institutions the flexibility and expanded powers to stay competitive in the changing market.  (3) The conference bill benefits Americans communities by preserving the Community Reinvestment Act. I am pleased to see that the act requires that banks maintain a good track record in community reinvestment as a condition for expanding into newly authorized businesses. This is the first time that a bank's rating under the CRA will be considered when it expands outside of traditional banking activities. I am also happy to see that the act applies CRA to all banks without exception.  Despite these merits, there is one issue of great concern to many Californians and many Americans--the lack of privacy provisions in the legislation. As my colleagues know, financial institutions are currently permitted to document, profile, and sell our most personal financial information. Financial institutions share and sell social security numbers, addresses, information about what stocks we own, what checks we write, what we charge on our credit cards and how much money we have in the bank. All of this without the knowledge or permission of their clients. I believe Americans should have the opportunity to prohibit a financial institution from sharing or selling this personal financial information.  The bottom line is simple: Bank customers should have the final say in whether their bank sells or even shares their personal financial information. Regardless of whether that information is being shared with a financial institution within a bank's shareholding company or with a third party. The consumer should decide who has access to this personal information. According to an October 21st USA Today article, U.S. Bancorp sold customer information to a telemarketer membership program. U.S. Bancorp customers began complaining that they were billed for marketing services they never agreed to. According to the lawsuit against U.S. Bancorp, the bank's customers say they were never even contacted by the marketing service before the charges appeared on their statements.  In one case, the suit says, a 90-year-old woman who had been a customer of U.S. Bancorp for more than 50 years was billed for a program that offers discounts on computer products. The woman didn't own a computer. Before she died, she tried for 11 months to get the telemarketing firm to remove the charges from her credit card account. The legislation does not do enough to prevent this type of problem. In another example, the Los Angeles Times reports that a small San Fernando Valley bank unknowingly became the accessory to a huge credit card scam. The bank sold 3.7 million credit card numbers to a felon, who then allegedly bilked cardholders out of millions of dollars.  Under the act, people applying for a mortgage will have no say over who has access to their personal financial data. If a person has been treated for an illness and paid for their medical tests with their credit care or personal checks, that individual's bank and mortgage company will share this information, without the knowledge or consent of the client. Tax information, insurance information, and records of medical tests they have purchased will be fair game for financial institutions. This sensitive information should be kept private--not shared between banks, insurance companies, and securities firms.  For 66 years--since the Glass-Steagall Act was enacted after the Depression--a boundary has existed between banks, insurance companies, and securities firms. This bill breaks through that wall, by allowing financial entities to merge. This change, while beneficial to the industry, should not come at the expense of the consumer. Industry groups are opposed to privacy provisions--and go so far as to say that privacy provisions could make it tougher for them to fight fraud. It's no surprise they feel this way, considering banks typically get 20-to-25 percent of the revenue generated by the marketer. But a handful of financial companies already allow customers to restrict the use of private information--and it doesn't seem to be hurting them. American Express sends customers a notice once a year, asking customers if they want to receive product offers from American Express or outside merchants. Even if customers want the offers, the company never gives detailed information about a transaction history. If American Express can protect its customer's privacy, why can't all financial institutions?  The conference bill includes only a weak privacy provision allowing customers to say no to their bank's disclosure of information to third parties--such as telemarketers. I think this is a serious flaw in an otherwise very good bill. In fact, the language adopted by the conference authorizes financial institutions and third parties to enter into joint marketing agreements that would allow them to skirt the opt-out requirement. And the bill intentionally does not restrict the sharing of private financial information among a financial institution's affiliates. I hope my colleagues will work with me in the future to see that Americans' privacy is better protected.  The Financial Services Modernization Act makes the most important legislative changes to the structure of the U.S. financial system since the 1930s. I believe the bill is good for the U.S. economy as well as our ability to compete in global financial markets. Despite my reserves about the privacy provisions in the bill, I support S. 900, and urge its adoption by my colleagues.  