 President, this is an amendment which does two things. One of them is it deals with the practice, either formal or informal, of social promotion, and authorizes a remedial program of $500 million a year for a program of competitive grants.  The second part has to do with school report cards.  Senator Dorgan will be speaking on the second half, and I will address my comments to the first part.  This amendment would authorize $500 million a year from the year 2000 to 2004 for competitive grants to school districts to help provide remedial education for afterschool and summer school courses, for low-performing students who are not making passing grades.  Mr. President, the purpose of the amendment is to provide Federal incentives and Federal help to those school districts that abolish and/or do not allow social promotion. As a condition of receiving these funds, school districts would have to adopt a policy prohibiting social promotion for students; require that all K through 12 students meet minimum achievement levels in the core curriculum defined as subjects such as reading and writing, language arts, mathematics, social sciences, including history, and science; test student achievement in meeting standards at certain benchmark grades to be determined by the States for advancement to the next grade; and, finally, provide remedial education for students who fail to meet achievement standards including tutoring, mentoring, summer, before-school and after-school programs.  School districts would be authorized to use funds to provide academic instruction to enable students to meet academic achievement standards by implementing early intervention strategies or alternative instructional strategies; strengthening learning by hiring certified teachers to reduce class sizes, providing professional development, and using proven instructional practices and curricula aligned to State achievement standards; providing extended learning time such as afterschool and summer school; and developing intensive instructional intervention strategies for students who fail to meet State achievement standards. The amendment also addresses the special needs of children with disabilities by allowing school districts to follow the child's individualized education plan.  Why do we need this amendment? Perhaps nothing better describes why we need this amendment than an article which appeared in the Los Angeles Times five days ago about the largest school system in the United States--California's--and I want to read the headline: ``California Ranks Second to Last in U.S. Reading Test.''       California ranks second to last among 39 States in a new      Federal assessment of fourth grade reading skills. The study      revealed Thursday that only 20 percent of the students are      considered proficient readers.  Mr. President, California has 5.6 million students, more than the population of 36 other States, and only 20 percent of them are reading proficiently at the fourth grade level.  That is an incredible statement of what the practice of social promotion has done.  I truly believe that the linchpin to educational reform is the elimination of the path of least resistance whereby students who are failing are simply promoted to the next grade in the hopes that someday, somewhere they will learn.  This practice alone, I believe, after visiting literally dozens of schools, is the main reason for the failure in the quality of public education today. It is largely responsible, in my view, for its decline.  Achievement standards must be established--and enforced. To promote youngsters when they are failing to learn has produced a generation that is below standard and high school graduates who can't read or write, count change in their pockets, or fill out an employment application. It is that bad. And California is just about the worst.  It is such a shame to hand a high school diploma to a youngster whom you know cannot fill out an employment application for a job. In my State, a state that is restructuring its economy and seen the emergence of a new high-skilled, high-tech work base, this means doom for the ability of these youngsters to sustain themselves with gainful and fulfilling employment in the future.  This same article, discussing this assessment of reading skills, also shows that 52 percent of our fourth graders scored below the basic level, meaning they failed to even partially master basic skills.  The news wasn't much better for California's eighth graders, who ranked 33rd out of 36 States, and only 22 percent were proficient readers. In December 1998, a study by the Education Trust ranked California last in the percent of young adults with a high school diploma--in other words, students are not even finishing and getting their diploma--37th in SAT scores, and 31st of 41 States in eighth grade math. Nearly half of all students entering the California State University system require remedial classes in math or English or both.  The news is also grim nationally. I start out with California to say that this all begins right at home. But the news is also grim throughout the rest of the United States where our students are falling far behind their international counterparts. The lowest 25 percent of Japanese and South Korean eighth graders outperform the average American student. In math and science, United States 12th grade students fell far behind students in other industrialized countries, which is especially troubling when we consider the skills that will be required to stay ahead in the 21st century. United States 12th graders were significantly outperformed by 14 countries and only performed better than students in Cyprus and South Africa. We scored last in physics and next to last in mathematics.  What is social promotion? Simply stated, social promotion is the practice, either formal or informal, of a school's advancing a student from one grade to the next regardless of that student's academic achievement. In some cases, it is even regardless of whether they attend school or not. It is a practice which misleads our students, their parents and the public.  The American Federation of Teachers agrees. Let me quote from their September 19, 1997, study:       Social promotion is an insidious practice that hides school      failure and creates problems for everybody--for kids, who are      deluded into thinking they have learned the skills to be      successful or get the message that achievement doesn't count;      for teachers who must face students who know that teachers      wield no credible authority to demand hard work; for the      business community and colleges that must spend millions of      dollars on remediation, and for society that must deal with a      growing proportion of uneducated citizens, unprepared to      contribute productively to the economic and civic life of the      Nation.  That is well said. But merely ending social promotion and retaining students in the same grade will not solve the problem. We cannot just let them languish without direction in a failing system. Instead, we must provide ongoing remedial work, specialized tutoring, afterschool programs, and summer school. All must be used intensively and consistently, and that is what this amendment is designed to create. It is designed to create both the incentive and also the help to accomplish this.  I know it can work. Last June, I led a delegation of California leaders to Chicago. We saw a dominantly poor, dominantly minority school district turned around, social promotion abolished, and the remediation, summer school, and tutoring put in place. And now test scores and grades are improving.  How widespread is this practice, ubiquitous as it is? It is widespread. Although there are no hard data on the extent of the practice, authorities in schools and out of schools know it is happening, and in some districts it is standard operating procedure. In fact, 4in 10 teachers reported that their schools automatically promote students when they reach the maximum age for their grade level. And the September 19, 1998, AFT teacher study says social promotion is ``rampant.''  It found most school districts use vague criteria for passing and retaining students. They lack explicit policies of social promotion, but they have an implicit practice of social promotion, including a loose and vague criteria for advancing students to the next grade. And they view holding students back as a policy of last resort and often put explicit limits on retaining students.  Also the study found that only 17 States have standards--only 17 States have standards in the four core learning disciplines: English, math, social studies, and science. Only these four have standards which are well grounded in content and are clear enough to be used, says the AFT study.  In July of last year, I wrote to 500 California school districts and asked about their policies on social promotion. I must tell you, their responses are vague and often misleading, and they include the following: Some school districts say they don't have a specific policy. Some say they simply figure what is in the best interests of the student. Some say teachers provide recommendations, but final decisions on retention can be overridden by parents. And some simply just promote youngsters, regardless of failing grades, nonattendance, or virtually anything else. In short, the policies are all over the place.  Last year, in California the legislature passed and the Governor signed into law a bill to end social promotion in public education, a giant step forward. In California now, this could affect fully half of California's students because 3 million children in California perform below levels considered proficient for their grade level. The grant funds authorized in this amendment can be very helpful in providing ongoing remedial and specialized learning and provide necessary help for these 3 million children in my State, and the millions of children in other States as well.  President Clinton called for ending social promotion in his last two State of the Union speeches. Last year, he said: ``We must also demand greater accountability. When we promote a child from grade to grade who hasn't mastered the work, we don't do that child any favors. It is time to end social promotion in America's schools.''  I will never forget, in 1990, when I was running for Governor of California and I appeared before the California teachers association, I said we must end social promotion, and I was roundly booed. How things change. We now have the President of the United States, and a Democrat to boot, saying we must end social promotion.  I believe just as firmly in 1999 as I did in 1990 that the practice of social promotion is the Achilles heel of public education in the United States of America.  The seven States that have a policy in place which ties promotion to State-level standards today are California, Delaware, Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia. I really want to give them my kudos and say congratulations and right on.  I mentioned that the Chicago public schools have ditched social promotion. After their new policy was put in place in the spring of 1997, over 40,000 students in Chicago failed tests in the third, sixth, eighth, and ninth grades, and then went to mandatory summer school. Chicago's School Superintendent Paul Vallas has called social promotion ``educational malpractice.'' He said from now on his schools' only product will be student achievement. What welcome words those are.  In my own State, the San Diego School Board in February adopted requirements that all students in certain grades must demonstrate grade-level performance, and they will require all students to earn a C overall grade average and a C grade in core subjects for high school graduation, effectively ending social promotion for certain grades and for high school graduation.  For example, San Diego schools are requiring that their eighth graders who do not pass core courses be retained or pass core courses in summer school.  Let me conclude. A January 1998 poll by Public Agenda asked employers and college professors whether they believe a high school diploma guarantees that a student has mastered basic skills. In this poll, 63 percent of employers and 76 percent of professors said the diploma is not a guarantee that a graduate can read, write, or do basic math. What a failure.  I first got into this because I also serve on the Immigration Subcommittee of the Judiciary Committee. Every year I had California chief executive officers, particularly in high tech companies, come in and say: ``We can't find high school graduates we can hire. Please increase the quota of people from foreign countries who can come to us as temporary workers and work for us, because we can't find qualified Americans.'' What a condemnation.  California employers tell me consistently that applicants are unprepared for work and the companies have to provide basic training to make them employable. High-tech companies say they have to recruit abroad. For example, last year MCI spent $7.5 million to provide basic skills to their employees. On December 17, a group called California Business for Education Excellence announced they were organizing a major effort to reform public education. These major constituencies--the California Business Roundtable, the California Manufacturers Association, the American Electronics Association, companies like Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Pacific Bell--had to organize because they see firsthand the results of a lagging school system.  So I offer this amendment today. It can provide the money to help teachers teach and students learn. It is estimated that this year the budget will have $4 billion more in it for public education. I say let's authorize the expenditure of $500 million for the kind of remedial and summer school programs that in fact can help us abolish social promotion and really have excellence and accountability in both our teachers and our students.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  