 President, the Senator from Massachusetts is absolutely correct. This amendment essentially puts into the bill the basic premise of the Republican plan, which is to let the HMO define what is medically necessary, decide what the treatment should be, what the length of hospitalization should be for a patient, not based on that patient, not based on medical necessity, but based on standards that individuals who have not even seen the patient determine.  I must tell you I have a very real problem with that. The insurance plan would determine medical necessity, not the physician who sees the patient. It would substitute an independent review process for the knowledge and the skill of the independent physician who is actually seeing the patient, who has done the diagnosis, who knows the patient, the patient's history the patient's problems.  This past week I spent a good deal of time in California talking with physicians and patients up and down the State. I probably talked with more than 50 people, including patients, hospital administrators, county medical societies of many different counties as well as the California Medical Association. What I found was a dispirited, demoralized medical profession because medical decisionmaking was being taken out of their hands. I learned that a physician would prescribe medication, the patient would go to the druggist to have the medication filled and the druggist would make a substitution, often without even the doctor knowing. The patient would say: I cannot take this drug. And the pharmacist would have to say: We cannot furnish what your physician prescribed because it was not on your plan's list. This is what we mean by medical necessity --the most appropriate medical treatment for that particular patient in the judgment of the treating physician.  I contend there is not anyone who has not seen a patient, who doesn't know what patient is all about, who can adequately prescribe for that individual. That, in fact, is what is happening.  Let me read a statement by someone who testified before a congressional House committee a couple of years ago in a hearing. This individual was the reviewer for an HMO. As an HMO reviewer, she countermanded a physician. Let me read her words:       Since that day I have lived with this act and many others      eating into my heart and soul. For me, a physician is the      professional charged with the care of healing of his or her      fellow human beings. The primary ethical norm is, `Do no      harm.' I did worse. I caused death.       Instead of using a clumsy weapon, I used the simplest,      cleanest of tools, my words. This man died because I denied      him a necessary operation to save his heart. I felt little      pain or remorse at the time. The man's faceless distance      soothed my conscience. Like a skilled soldier, I was trained      for this moment. When any moral qualms arose I was to      remember I am not denying care, I am only denying payment.  That is why this Republican amendment is so fallacious. Let me read the actual language in the bill:       A review of an appeal under this subsection relating to a      determination to deny coverage based on a lack of medical      necessity and appropriateness, or based on a experimental or      investigational treatment, shall be made only by a physician      with appropriate expertise including age appropriate      expertise, who was not involved in the initial determination.  My father, chief of surgery at the University of California, would turn over in his grave with this kind of language. That is not what someone goes to medical school and does a residency, does a surgical residency, does graduate school work for, to get overturnedby an insurance company reviewer who has not even seen the patient. This amendment, I contend, is in the worst of medical practice because it allows a panel that has never seen the patient to make the determination of whether a patient gets a lifesaving operation, gets a drug that might make them well, gets a treatment from which the physician thinks they might benefit.  