 President, today I am pleased to sponsor the amendment to increase funding for health research by $2 billion. I do so because we must confront disease as seriously as we confront war. This means we must support our brightest minds, we must have a clear battle plan and we must find the resolve to win the war against disease.  This amendment comes on the heels of several previous efforts. First, in 1997, the Senate adopted the Mack-Feinstein amendment 98 to 0, urging Congress to double the budget of the National Institutes of Health over 5 years. Second, last year, Congress gave the National Institutes of Health an increase of 15 percent, funding NIH at $16 billion, the first step toward doubling. Third, on February 2, when we learned that the President's FY 2000 budget proposed only a 2 percent increase, not even enough to keep up with inflation, I wrote the President and urging instead that NIH funding be doubled by 2004.  It is a sad comment on our nation that the National Institutes of Health in FY 1999 can only fund 31 percent of grant applications. grants. The National Cancer Institute can only fund 31 percent. This is less than one-third of applications worthy of funding. This low funding rate leaves a vast wealth of knowledge unobtained, unexplored, diseases not cured and not treated.  There are many scientifically promising areas of research to which these funds could be devoted. They include gaining a clearer understanding of neural development; improving identification of inherited mutations which contribute to cancer risk; better understanding the interplay between genetics and environmental risk factors; uncovering the causes of over 5,000 known rare diseases affecting over 20 million Americans.  In cancer, a special interest of mine, the President requests only a 2 percent increase in FY 2000. NCI Director Dr. Richard Klausner has said that with this minimal increase, NCI would fund 10 percent fewer grants, according to the February 12 Cancer Letter. The National Cancer Advisory Board said this budget will ``seriously damage the National Cancer Program.''  Last September, the Senate Cancer Coalition which I cochair, held a hearing for the Cancer March who said that cancer has reached epidemic proportions and if current rates continue, one quarter of our population will die from cancer. Because of the aging of the population, the incidence of cancer will reaching ``staggering proportions'' by 2010, with increase of 29 percent in incidence and 25 percent in deaths, at a cost of over $200 billion per year. They argued that these compelling statistics call for raising funding for cancer research to $10 billion by 2003, a 20 percent increase each year.  The National Cancer Institute has identified 5 promising areas of research in its FY 2000 ``bypass budget.'' They are as follows: (1) Cancer genetics, identify and characterize every major human gene predisposing to cancer. (2) Preclinical models of cancer, study genes and effects of alterations of them in animals ; (3) Diagnostic technologies, to improve the sensitivity of technologies to detect smaller numbers of tumor cells; (4) Better understanding the unique characteristics of cells and why it turns into a cancerous cell.  There are still many--too many--diseases for which we have no cure. This year, 1.2 million cases will be diagnosed this year and 563,100 Americans will die. But we spend one-tenth of one cent of every federal dollar on cancer research. The mortality rates for many cancers, like prostate, liver, skin and kidney, continue to increase. AIDS has surpassed accidents as the leading killer of young adults; it is now the leading cause of death among Americans ages 25 to 44. Diabetes and asthma are rising. 40,000 infants die each year from devastating diseases. Seven to 10 percent of children are learning disabled. Birth defects affecting function occur in 7% of deliveries or 250,000 of births.  The baby boom generation is getting older. Over the 30 years, the number of Americans over age 65 will double. As our population ages, we are seeing an increase in chronic and degenerative diseases like arthritis, cancer, osteoporosis, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. For example, the 4 million people with Alzheimer's Disease today will more than triple, to 14 million, by the middle of the next century--unless we find a way to prevent or cure it. Health care costs will grow exponentially and we see that in part reflected in our budget debates over Medicare and Medicaid expenditures. The total annual cost of Alzheimer's today is $100 billion. By delaying the onset by 5 years, we can save $50 billion annually.  In January, we learned from the Institute of Medicine's study, The Unequal Burden of Cancer, that not all segments of our population benefit fully from our advances in understanding cancer. African-American males develop cancer 15 percent more frequently than white males. Stomach and liver cancers are more prevalent among Asian Americans. Cervical cancer strikes Hispanic and Vietnamese American women more than others. Many ethnic minorities experience poorer cancer survival rates than whites. American Indians have the lowest cancer survival rates of any U.S. ethnic group. This study reported that by 2050 there will be no majority population in the U.S. And our hearings of the Cancer Coalition have revealed that minorities are underrepresented in cancer clinical trials.  Discoveries from health research can reduce health care costs. Cancer costs the economy $104 annually; heart disease, $128 billion; diabetes, $138 billion. Research can cuts costs.. A delay in the onset of stroke could save $15 billion and a delay in the onset of Parkinson's disease could save $3 billion annually. For every $1.00 spent on measles/mumps/rubella vaccine, $21.00 is saved. For the diphtheria/tetanus/pertussis vaccine, $29 is saved. Reducing hip fractures, the cause of one in five nursing home admissions can cut nursing home costs by $333 million in one year alone. Delaying the onset of hearing impairment by 5 years in the 30 percent of adults age 65 to 75 who have impairment, can save $15 billion annually.  The United States is the world's leader in developing sophisticated treatments for illnesses and diseases, in making important medical discoveries and in improving human life expectancy. Yet, we are spending only three cents of every health care dollar spent in this country on health research. NIH's budget is less than one percent of the federal budget.  Funding NIH like a yoyo discourages the medical community from pursuing research. It is like a damper on ideas, on promising lines of scientific pursuit, that get snuffed out while being born. The National Academy of Sciences has said that we are not producing enough research scientists. That is in part due to the lack of assurance that health research has the priority it deserves.  We can do better.  The public is with us. A 1998 Research America poll found that most Americans support doubling funding for medical research in 5 years and over 60 percent of people in 25 states said they are willing to contribute another $1.00 per week in taxes for health research.  Mr. President, when President Franklin Roosevelt dedicated the new National Institutes of Health research facility on October 31, 1940 in the middle of World War II, he said, ``We cannot be a strong nation unless we are a healthy nation. And so we must recruit not only men and materials but also knowledge and science in the service of national strength . . . I dedicate [this Institute] to the underlying philosophy of public health; to the conservation of life; to the wise use of the vital resources of the nation.'' That challenge is no less important today as it was in 1940.  I believe the public wants us to launch a war on disease and that the public sees medical research as an important priority of their federal government. I urge passage of this amendment.  