  The final provision in this amendment will increase penalties on any person who sells or transfers a handgun, assault weapon, or high-capacity ammunition magazine to a juvenile. Any transfer of a handgun, assault weapon, or one of these clips to a juvenile, under my legislation, would become a felony punishable by up to 5 years in prison. And any person who transfers to a juvenile, knowing that it is going to be used to commit a crime, is subject to a maximum penalty of 20 years. As I said earlier, the legislation applies the handgun prohibition to assault weapons as well.  Now, let me just speak for a moment about what we have seen happen in the last 3 years. Since I became, I might say, gun-sensitive in 1976, I have watched incidents develop in the United States. It is not hard for any of us to see that what has happened is a combination of things. In the first place, there are parents that, apparently, don't teach their youngsters values; schools that are too big; counselors that are too rare; the burgeoning group of youngsters who feel aggrieved or not accepted or not ``one of them,'' or is jealous, is going to essentially have the last laugh by going in and really taking out a large number of students. We saw it in Moses Lake, WA; Bethel, AK; Pearl, MS; West Paducah, KY; Jonesboro, AR, which involved 2 killers, one of them just 11 years old; Edinboro, PA; Fayetteville, TN; Springfield, OR; and now Littleton, CO. All of these took place not in Los Angeles, New York, Detroit, Chicago, Cleveland, or San Francisco, but in small suburban communities, many of them deeply religious, most of them middle to upper-class socioeconomically.  So what has happened? I believe that what happened is we have seen the fomenting of a culture of violence surrounding youngsters. I have used this before and I will use it again. I would like to read directly from the Washington Post article dated Monday, May 11:       Angry 5-year-old Took Gun to School. Memphis. Five-year-old      kindergartner was arrested after bringing a loaded pistol to      school because he wanted to kill his teacher for punishing      him with a ``time out,'' according to police records. The .25      caliber semiautomatic pistol in the child's backpack was      confiscated by teacher Maggie Foster on Friday after another      pupil brought her a bullet. ``He said he wanted to shoot and      kill several pupils as well as a teacher,'' the arrest ticket      said. He stated he was going to shoot Ms. Foster for putting      him in ``time out,'' a form of discipline for young children.       The boy was charged with carrying a weapon. It was unclear      if he would be prosecuted. ``A five-year-old is not capable      of forming criminal intent,'' juvenile court Judge Kenneth      Turner said. ``The boy got the gun from atop his      grandfather's bedroom dresser,'' said Jerry Manassass,      juvenile director of court services. The boy and his mother      live with the grandfather. ``The State's Department of      Children Services will investigate the boy's home      situation,'' officials said.  And that's that.  Doesn't that frighten you? Doesn't it make you think that this Nation is so awash with guns that it has even trickled down to a five-year-old who knows enough to pick up a gun and take it to school? It frightens me, and I believe it concerns the dominant majority of American people. We have a chance to do something about it.  We can't entirely change the culture. We can pass, as we have, certain pieces of legislation. We can use the bully pulpit. We can talk about parents keeping their guns safe. We can use trigger locks. We can make parents responsible--all of which I think we should do. But the one thing we can and we must do is keep large firepower out of the hands of juveniles. The more you proliferate these weapons and make it easy for youngsters to obtain the ammunition feeding devices, just by using their computer, just by punching in their family's credit card, we create the situation where more lives can be taken.  Almost 1 in 12 high school students report having carried a gun in the last 30 days. This is despite Senator Dorgan and my gun-free schools bill. In 1996, 2,866 children and teenagers were murdered with guns, 1,309 committed suicide with guns, and 468 died in unintentional shootings. Gunshot wounds are now the second leading cause of death among people aged 10 to 34. What a commentary on this Nation. The firearm epidemic in this country is now 10 times larger than the polio epidemic of earlier this century.  In the 1996-1997 school year alone, more than 6,000 students across this Nation were caught with firearms in school. Is there a Member of this body who saw guns in their classrooms as they were growing up? I don't think so. I sure didn't. But I will tell you this: I addressed the fourth grade class in Hollywood and I said: What is your greatest fear? And that fourth grade said being shot. I said: How many of you have heard shots? And every single hand in the class went up in Hollywood, CA, as having heard shots. What kind of a nation are we becoming whenour youngsters have to be reared in this kind of environment?  I notice the distinguished Senator, my cosponsor of this amendment, Senator Chafee of Rhode Island, is on the floor. If I might, I would like to yield time to him, as much time as he requires.  