 President, my amendment calls upon the Department of State to provide Congress with a report on the global proliferation of small arms and light weapons, and State Department activities to address this issue.  For fifty years we have been used to thinking about arms control in terms of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles. But, to my mind, the widespread proliferation of small arms and light weapons has now emerged as an equally pressing issue on the international arms control agenda.  Let me try to sketch out the scope and dimension of this problem, and why I think it is critical that this issue be included in the first-rank of U.S. arms control and security policy:  An estimated 500 million illicit small arms and light weapons are in circulation around the globe.  In the past decade, an estimated 4 million people have been killed in civil war and bloody fighting. Nine out of ten of these deaths are attributed to small arms and light weapons, and, according to the International Committee of the Red Cross, more than 50% of those killed are believed to be civilians.  The sheer volume of available weaponry has been a major factor in the devastation witnessed in recent conflicts in Angola, Cambodia, Liberia, Mozambique, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sri Lanka, and Afghanistan, among others, as well as the sort of violence endemic to narco-trafficking in Colombia and Mexico.  According to a report last year by ABC News, at least seven million illicit small arms and light weapons are in circulation in West Africa.  According to Human Rights Watch, a variety of small arms and light weapons were readily available on the black market in Rwanda prior to the civil war and genocide in that country:  In 1994 an AK-47 could be purchased in Rwanda for $250;  a grenade for $20; and,  a 60mm Mortar Bomb for $85.  More than 50 million AK-47s have been manufactured in the last 40 years, far more than are accounted for in government stockpiles or registries. During the past decade it is estimated that more than 1 million Uzis and 10 million Uzi copies have gone into circulation.  According to the South African Institute for Security Studies, an estimated 30,000 stolen firearms enter the illegal marketplace annually in South Africa. Mozambique, a country whose total population is 15 million, has more than 10 million small arms in circulation.  Although there are no reliable statistics available, numerous analysts and press reports have noted that in recent years various actors in the Russian military, government, and mafia have been active in selling large quantities of Russian military equipment on the black market.  The United Nations and the Red Cross estimate that there are that more than 10 million small arms are in circulation in Afghanistan, where the terrorist organization of Osama Bin Laden is based.  Over 1 million small arms--ranging from pistols to AK-47s to hand grenades--are readily available in arms bazaars on the Pakistani side of the Afghan border. Many of these weapons are believed to flow to the Kashmir, where they contribute to the instability and tension between India and Pakistan, who both now posses nuclear weapons.  The United Nations estimated that over 650,000 weapons disappeared from government depots in Albania in the three years leading up to the outbreak of violence in the Balkans, including 20,000 tons of explosives. The NATO peacekeepers who are now moving into Kosovo may be under threat and danger from these weapons.  In fact, the increased access by terrorists, guerilla groups, criminals, and others to small arms and light weapons poses a real threat to U.S. participants in peacekeeping operations and U.S. forces based overseas.  Although it is my belief that the United States is not the biggest contributor to the problem of the global proliferation of small arms and light weapons--the United Nations has found that almost 300 companies in 50 countries now manufacture small arms and related equipment, a 25% increase in production since 1984--in 1996 the U.S. licensed for export more than $527 million in light military weapons. With the average price of $100-300 per weapon, this represents a huge volume of weapons.  Most troubling, there is increased incidence of U.S. manufactured weapons flowing in the international black market. In 1998, at the request of foreign governments, the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms conducted 15,199 traces of weapons used in crimes.  In 1994, Mexico reported 3,376 illegally acquired U.S.-origin firearms. Many of these weapons were originally sold legally to legitimate buyers but then transferred illegally, many to the Mexican drug cartels, once they left the United States: Between 1989 and 1993, the State Department approved 108 licenses for the export of $34 million in small arms to Mexico, but it performed only three follow-up inspections to ensure that the weapons were delivered to and stayed in the hands of the intended users.  Other countries have equally porous arms sales and licensing regulations: In the United Kingdom, only 24 of 2,181 arms export licenses to 35 countries were refused last year.  Clearly this is a huge problem, with profound implications for U.S. security interests. As Secretary Albright noted in her speech to the International Rescue Committee last year: ``The world is awash in small arms and light weapons.''  The purpose of this amendment is very simple. It calls for a Report by the Department of State to provide Congress with an assessment of the dimension of the problem, the threats posed by these weapons to U.S. interests, and the activities of the Department regarding the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.  It is my hope that this information will provide policymakers with a better understanding of this issue, whether sufficient resources are being devoted to addressing the threats posed to U.S. interests, and if additional resources will need to be directed towards this issue in the future.  I understand that the Managers have cleared and will accept this Amendment for inclusion in the State Department Authorization bill. As a former member of the Foreign Relations Committee it was a pleasure to be able to work again with my former Chairman and Ranking Member, and I would like to thank them for working with me on this Amendment. I look forward to the opportunity to continue to work with them on this important issue.  