 I thank the Senator from Nevada.  At an appropriate time, I will submit that amendment.  Let me tell you some of the things we are increasingly told: That is, that doctors have to spend hours hassling with insurance company accountants and adjusters to justify medical necessity decisions--why a person needs another day in a hospital, why a patient needs an MRI, why a patient needs a blood test, why a patient should get a particular drug, this drug rather than that drug. Doctors increasingly say they have to exaggerate or lie so their patients can get proper medical care.  In USA Today, an article was run saying that 70 percent of doctors interviewed said they exaggerate patients' symptoms to make sure HMOs do not discharge patients from hospitals prematurely. Seventy percent of doctors indicate that they do not tell the truth about a patient's condition so they can be assured that that patient gets adequate hospital care.  Now, is this what we want? I don't think it is. I think the doctor's decision, based on an individual's condition, should be the overriding decision that determines medical necessity. The amendment I will introduce will ensure that that happens.  In the HHS inspector general's report of June 1998, the following finding was made: Most doctors think working in a Medicare HMO restricts their clinical independence and that HMOs' cost concerns influence their treatment decisions. Mr. President, every patient is different and brings to a situation his or her own unique history and biology. Only a physician who is trained to evaluate the unique needs and problems of a patient can properly diagnose and treat an individual.  A Los Angeles doctor by the name of Lloyd Krieger said:       Many doctors are demoralized. They feel like they have      taken a beating in recent years. Physicians train years to      learn how to practice medicine. They work long hours      practicing their field. Under this health care system, that      training and hard work often seems irrelevant. A bureaucrat      decides how doctors are allowed to treat patients.  Dr. Krieger says:       When I tell someone he is fit to leave the hospital after      an operation, I am often given an accusing stare. Sometimes      my patient asks: Is that what you really think or are you      caving in to HMO pressure to cut corners on care?  Here's another example: A California pediatrician treated a baby with infant botulism, a toxin that spread from the intestine to the nervous system so the child really couldn't breathe well. The doctor prescribed a 10- to 14-day hospital stay. That doctor thought that length of stay was medically necessary for that particular baby. The insurance plan cut it short, saying the maximum that baby could remain in the hospital was 1 week. That shouldn't happen.  The amendment I will introduce at the appropriate time, and that I so hope this body will agree to, will ensure that medically appropriate and necessary treatment is prescribed by the physician and not contradicted by a green eyeshade.  I very much hope this body will accept it. I have introduced this kind of amendment now with Senator D'Amato as a cosponsor and with Senator Olympia Snowe as a cosponsor. Perhaps the time has come to have the opportunity to pass this amendment and to get it done once and for all.  I thank the Chair, I thank the Senator from Nevada, and I thank the Senator from Massachusetts as well.  I yield the floor.  