  Mr. President, as a Senator representing California, who sits on the Judiciary Committee, I have to say a word or two on this subject.  First, I believe the chairman of our committee, Senator Hatch, has been very fair with respect to these judges. I believe he has tried his level best to move the calendar along.  I think what we on this side are encountering is the holding up of judges, particularly on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, for years on end. That must stop. A nominee is entitled to a vote. Vote them up; vote them down. To keep them hanging on--the court has 750 cases waiting for a judge. These judges are necessary. If someone has opposition to a judge, which I believe to be the case in at least one, they should come to the floor and say that.  It is also my understanding and my desire to ask that there be some commitment from the other side as to when specifically the nominations of Judge Paez, Marsha Berzon, and Ray Fisher, pending on this calendar--Judge Paez pending for 4 years; Marsha Berzon through two sessions now--can at least be brought to the floor for a vote.  I am prepared to vote on the judges that the majority leader mentioned. I am prepared to vote affirmatively, but I can't do that unless I have some knowledge that judges who have stood on this calendar for years can be brought up before this body for a vote. I don't think that is too much to ask the other side to do.  What this does to a judge's life is, it leaves them in limbo--I should say, a nominee's life--whether they have a place to live, whether they are going to make a move. It is our job to confirm these judges. If we don't like them, we can vote against them. That is the honest thing to do. If there are things in their background, in their abilities that don't pass muster, vote no.  I think every one of us on this side is prepared for that. The problem is, we have a few people who prevent them from having a vote, and this goes on month after month, year after year.  The ranking member of the committee said something that I believe is concurred in on this side; that is, women and minorities have an inordinately difficult time having their nominations processed in an orderly and expeditious way. I don't think that befits this body.  What I am asking for, as a Senator from California, on these three judges, is to just tell us when we might see their nominations before the Senate for a vote up or down. I think there is also an understanding by the White House that will be the case as well.  I ask the majority party to please take this into consideration, allow us a vote up or down, and give us a time when this might happen.  Once again, I thank the ranking member and the chairman of the committee. I know the Senator from Utah has done everything he possibly can to move these nominations. I, for one, very much appreciate it. I am hopeful the leadership of his side will be able to give us some accommodation on this.  