 President, I think the amendment offered by the Senator from Washington, Senator Murray, is a no-brainer. I want to say why I believe it is a no-brainer and why I believe it is prudent for the Senate to move ahead with it and approve it today.  The Federal share of elementary and secondary education in this country has declined from 14 percent in 1980 to 6 percent of the share going to schools in 1998. Let me say this another way. Back in 1980, we funded 14 percent of elementary and secondary education needs; in 1998, we funded 6 percent of those needs.  Essentially what Senator Murray is trying to do is raise the appropriation level by $200 million and say let's go do it.  What does she want to do? She says, let's reduce class size. What does that mean? In 1999, we spent $1.2 billion on the first installment of hiring 100,000 new teachers all across this great country. The United States could hire 30,000 teachers under that appropriation; my State, California, could hire 3,322 teachers. President Clinton's request for this year, FY 2000, was $1.4 billion. That meant the United States couldhire 8,000 teachers to continue that and California could hire an additional 1,100 teachers.  The recommendation of the Appropriations Committee, of which I am a member, is $1.2 billion. How the money would be used is not specified. The legislation reads that it is for ``teacher assistance'' and that it can only be appropriated if it receives the authorizing legislation.  Senator Murray's amendment adds $200 million and deletes the contingency language. Therefore, with the passage of this amendment, the United States could hire 8,000 new teachers all across this great land. For my State, California, that means 1,100 additional teachers. That is important. Class size reduction is important.  I think there are three things that can be done to improve education:  One, elimination of the practice of social promotion, under which youngsters are promoted from grade to grade even when they fail, even when they don't show up in class, even when there are major disciplinary problems and youngsters are not learning. But they are still promoted. This has come to denigrate the value of a high school diploma all across this great land.  We also have large class sizes. California has some of the largest classes in the Union. I have been in elementary schools, K through 6, with 5,000 students in the school. In California, in some schools, students speak 50 different languages, which adds additional burdens on the teachers. No one can learn adequately in overcrowded classes with overburdened teachers.  Because of the challenge of diversity, of the need for additional English training, of the challenge of tightened core curriculum standards, smaller class sizes across this land makes sense. I don't think there is anyone in the Nation who has a youngster in public school who wouldn't say: My youngster can learn better in a class size that is smaller.  That is what this money will go to--reducing class size. Class size reduction, school size reduction, elimination of social promotion, and more qualified teachers across this land can make a huge difference in the accountability and excellence of education for our youngsters.  My State has 6 million students, more students than 36 States have in total population. We have one of the highest projected enrollments in the United States. California will need 210,000 new teachers by 2008--210,000 new teachers. How could I say, let's wait and authorize this some other time? We don't even know whether there will be an elementary and secondary education bill this session. We have an opportunity to address a big problem in education right now. I would hazard a guess that States such as that of the Presiding Officer, Ohio, could also benefit from small class size reduction.  The Murray amendment essentially provides $200 million in additional funds and specifically says the funds will go for class size reduction and the hiring of this additional increment of teachers. That is why I say it is a no-brainer. The need is there; the need is clear. Every parent knows their child is better educated in a smaller setting than a larger setting in elementary school. Why not do it?  California needs to build six new classrooms a day--$809 million a year just in our State--to be able to meet demand. It is a huge obligation. Our teachers are actually spending $1,000 a year out of their own pockets to pay for books, Magic Markers, scissors, and other school supplies. Our needs are huge.  I think reducing class size, increasing the amount of Federal dollars that go to the schools for education, is something we should do, and something we should do forthwith. We should do it because we face an emergency in our schools.  I commend Senator Murray for her effort in this. Mr. President, $200 million more dollars can help get the job done. We have an opportunity, and we should use it.  I also take this opportunity to thank the chairman of the subcommittee and the ranking member of the subcommittee, as well as the chairman of the full committee and the ranking member. I actually think this is a good bill in terms of dollars. It has at least $2 billion more for health research. This bill probably includes the largest single priority bill of the American people. I compliment the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the subcommittee. I compliment the ranking member, the Senator from Iowa. We may have some differences over how the money should be spent, we may have some differences over stem cell research or some of the specific wording of the bill, but the bill does provide many of the necessary dollars.  I will speak at a later time on the health aspects of the bill. I ask unanimous consent I be afforded 15 minutes after this vote on the amendment to be able to speak on the health aspects of this bill.  