 President, I am pleased today to support the FY 2000 Labor-HHS-Education Appropriations bill, H. R. 1650, because it addresses important priorities of the American people.  Among other increases, this bill increases funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) by $2 billion, including a $384 million increase for the National Cancer Institute. This will continue us on the path of doubling the funding of NIH over five years. The President requested only a 2.1 percent increase over FY 1999, which does not keep pace with medical research inflation, projected to be 3.5 percent next year.  The National Institutes of Health--often called the ``crown jewel'' of the federal government--offers hope to millions of Americans who suffer from diseases like diabetes, arthritis, Alzheimers, Tourette's Syndrome, Parkinson's and on and on. Sadly, NIH can now only fund 31 percent of applications. Under the Presidents's FY 2000 proposal, it could have fallen to 28 percent, a 10 percent drop. This is the wrong direction, especially at a time when research is opening many new scientific doors.  Federal support for curing diseases and finding new treatments is not a partisan issue. Federal spending on health research is only 1 percent of the federal budget. Sixty eight percent of Americans support doubling medical research over five years; 61 percent of Americans support spending part of the surplus on medical research. Fifty five percent of Californians said they would pay more in taxes for more medical research, in a Research America poll.  NIH is especially important to my state where some of the nation's leading research is conducted. The University of California received $1.7 billion in NIH funds in 1998. The federal government supports over 55 percent of UC's research.  I am pleased that the bill includes $ 3.28 billion for the National Cancer Institute. This is an increase of $384 million or 13 percent over last year. Withthis, NCI will be able to fund at least 10 percent more grants. If we had gone along with the President proposed 2 percent increase for cancer research, NCI would have been able to fund 10 percent fewer grants. That is the wrong direction, at a time when cancer incidence and deaths are about to explode.  Today, one in every four deaths is due to cancer. Cancer costs over $100 billion a year. Because of the aging of the population, the incidence of cancer will explode by 2010, with a 29 percent increase in incidence and a 25 percent increase in deaths, at a cost of over $200 billion per year. The cancer burden will hit America the hardest in the next 10 to 25 years as the country's demographics change. (These are the findings of the September 1999 Cancer March Research Task Force.) Cancer deaths can be reduced from 25 to 40 percent over the next 20 year period, saving 150,000 to 225,000 lives each year if we do the right thing.  I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee for including in the committee report language indicating that we need to increase cancer research funding consistent with the recommendations of the Research Task Force of the Cancer March. The Cancer March called for increasing the National Cancer Institute budget by 20 percent each year for four years, to get to $10 billion by 2005. This bill with its 12 to 13% increase in funds is a step on the way.  The National Cancer Dialogue, a national group representing leaders of the entire cancer community and over 120 cancer organizations, recommended that NCI be funded at $5 billion in FY 2000 and CDC cancer activities at $516 million.  What can be accomplished with $5 billion for research?  More drugs: NCI could bring 40 new cancer drugs from the laboratory to clinical trials. In NIH's entire history, only 70 drugs have been approved for treating cancer.  Cancer Genetics: Continuing to identify genes involved in cancer. Improving our understanding of the interaction between genes and environmental exposures.  Imaging: Finding new ways to detect cancers earlier when they are small, not invasive and more easily treated.  Clinical Trials: Increase participation from 2 percent currently. Medicare beneficiaries account for more than 50 percent of all cancer diagnoses and 60 percent of all cancer death.  Prevention: 70 percent of all cancers are preventable says the American Cancer Society. By expanding the CDC's efforts to provide cancer screening, cancer registries and other measures to help people prevent cancer screening, cancer registries and other measures to help people prevent cancer. For example, tobacco-related deaths are the single most preventable cause of death and disability and account for 30 percent of all US cancer death.  I am also pleased to see an increase of $200 million over last year and $100 million over the President's request for Ryan White AIDS, as well as a 12 percent increase for AIDS research at NIH.  California has the second highest incidence of HIV/AIDS in the US. While the AIDS death rate has declined it is still too high. Over 40,000 new infections develop each year. In California, 100,000 people are living with HIV/AIDS. Half of all HIV-infected people do not receive regular medical care according to the Rand study, December 1998.  We face serious challenges. We must find a cure. We must find new treatments. HIV lingers in cells so long that the ``virus cannot be eradicated at all with current treatments * * * it remains tucked away longer than though,'' according to the New England Journal of Medicine, May 1999.  This funding bill also includes important funding for education at all levels. There is hardly a more important function of government than providing a solid education for our youngsters.  The bill raises education by $2 billion over last year. This is important in light of the decline in the federal share of total education funding from 14 percent in 1980 to six percent in 1998, according to the Office of Management and Budget.  No doubt we need to do more. Our nation's schools face unprecedented challenges. My state is fraught with problems: California has 6 million students, more students than 36 states have in total population and one of the highest projected enrollments in the country, California will need 210,000 new teachers by 2008. We have about 30,000 teachers on emergency credentials. We have the most diverse student body in the county. In some schools, over 50 languages are spoken. While this diversity is one of my state's great strengths, in the classroom, it places huge responsibilities on teachers.  Buildings: We need to build 6 new classrooms per day, $809 million per year. Some elementary schools have over 5,000 students. Our schools are too big.  In higher education, California is preparing for ``Tidal Wave II,'' the demographic bulge created by children of the baby boomers which will inundate our colleges and universities between 2000 and 2010.  And so our needs are huge. Our challenges are great.  I am disappointed that the Senate did not adopt the Murray amendment that would have ensured that $1.4 billion be used to hire teachers and reduce class size. By adding $200 million and raising the allocation from $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion and specifying that it be used to hire teachers and reduce class sizes, California could have hired 1,100 new teachers, on top of the 3,322 that will provide funding for last year. I hope the conference will see the importance of this.  One area of this bill that I have given my attention to is ESEA Title I, the program that provides over $8 billion for educating poor children. Unfortunately, despite my efforts in the Appropriations Committee, I was unable to delete what is known as the ``hold harmless'' provisions. Also, the committee would not accept my amendment to clarify and insure that any new or additional funds, over last year, go to states that are hurt by the hold harmless provision.  The Title I hold harmless provisions (there are two in the bill, for basic grants and for concentration grants) hold states and districts ``harmless.'' They say in essence that no state or district will receive less than it did the previous year despite changes in the number of poor children. In the bill, these apply to the Title I basic grants and the concentration grants. These provisions freeze funding in place despite the number of poor children, despite their eligibility.  I tried to delete these provisions in the committee, but because, frankly, there are more low-growth states than high-growth states like mine, in the Senate, did not have the votes to completely eliminate them.  Here is why the hold harmless provisions are wrong: One, they violate the purpose of the program since 1965, to target funds on poor children, two, they contravene the census update requirement. The authorizing law requires the Department to update child poverty data every year so that each state will receive funds according to the number of poor children. The hold harmless renders that requirement virtually meaningless.  Secretary Riley wrote, April 29, 1999: ``I do share your concern that the 100 percent hold-harmless provision undermines the apparent statutory intent that allocations for Title I and other programs be based on the most recent census data.''  Three, a poor child is a poor child. Congress recognized that poor children need extra help, wherever that child may be. A poor child in California is as worthy as a poor child in Mississippi and should not be deprived of funding.  A July 1999 study found that students in poor school districts (West Fresno, Mendota, Farmersville) ranked at or near the bottom of California's achievement tests. ``Most of the lowest-scoring school districts * * * are in rural areas with high unemployment and poverty and have many children from migrant farm worker families who speak little English and have little education.'' (Fresno Bee, 7/25/99)  Four, hold harmless provisions disproportionately hurt states with high growth rates in poor children, states like California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Hawaii, South Carolina, Maryland, Nevada, Virginia, Georgia, Florida, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma.  Here are some examples of losses of Title I Funds under FY 1999 hold harmless: California $36 million; Florida $32million; New Mexico $4.5 million; New York $48 million; North Carolina $8 million; Texas $32 million.  Last year, under the bill's Title I hold harmless, California lost $32 million. California has 14 percent of all Title I children and gets 11 percent of Title I funds. (US Dept of Education). California has a 22 percent poverty rate for children; The US rate is 18.7 percent. (9 states exceed California's). California's number of poor students grew 53 percent from 1990 to 1995; nationally, it grew 22 percent. In total federal dollars, California pays 12.5 percent of federal taxes but gets back only 11.2 percent.  California receives $656 in Title I funds per poor child. The national average is $745. Some states receive as much as $1,289, according to the US Department of Education. California has almost 40 percent of the nation's immigrants. The poverty rate for immigrants grew by 123 percent from 1979 to 1997. (Center for Immigration Studies, 9/2/99). Income inequality is growing in California faster than the rest of the country (Public Policy Institute of California, 2/9/99)  Five, the hold harmlesses freeze in the status quo, even for those not eligible. The hold harmless provision gives funds to states and districts that may not even be eligible for funds, merely because they got funds in the past. What good are eligibility rules if we ignore them, override them willy-nilly. We either have eligibility rules or we don't.  If Congress believes the formula is not properly structured or targeted, Congress should change it in the authorizing statute. Congress will have that opportunity next year when ESEA is reauthorized.  I am grateful that the committee agreed, at my request, to modify the bill so that the Title I hold harmless will not apply in FY 2000 to the eight federal programs have funding formulas based in whole or in part on the Title I formula. Those programs are: Safe and Drug-free Schools; Even Start Family Literacy; Comprehensive School Reform; Eisenhower Professional Development (Teacher training); Technology Literacy; Class Size Reduction; Goals 2000, Title III; and McKinney Homeless Education.  This amendment was needed because, in FY 1998 and 1999, the Department of Education applied the 100 percent hold harmless to 8 other education programs, thus compounding the harm of the Title I hold harmless provision and the cuts that result from it.  I believe in the current bill, Congress is giving the Department clear guidance that the Title I hold harmless provision should not be applied to other programs.  Because last year the Department applied the hold harmless to other programs, my state lost funds under the following programs: Teacher Training $40,000; School Reform $700,000; Technology Literacy $5.4 million; Goals 2000 $3 million; EvenStart/Literacy $1 million.  I thank the committee for remedying this inequity.  I am disappointed that the Committee did not provide funding for the President's English Language and Civics Education Initiative, under the Adult Education program. This is an effort to help states and local communities provide instruction to adults who want to learn English as a Second Language (ESL) programs, as well as instruction in civics and life skills. If adequately funded, this initiative would help ensure that those who seek to become American citizens learn not only the words of the citizenship oath, but also the broader language of our civic life. Simply put, this initiative would help our nation's newcomers become full participants in American life.  In 1990, there were about 25.5 million U.S. adults age 18 and older who spoke a language other than English at home. Many of these non-English speakers were new immigrants. Some immigrants have lived here for many years. Still, other non-English speakers were born in the United States but grew up without mastering the English language. Many of these adults reported that they have difficulty speaking English, but were highly motivated to learn the language, especially to obtain jobs and gain access to educational opportunities.  As the number of non-English speaking residents has increased, so has the demand for placement in English-as-a Second-Language (ESL) classes. In the last five years, enrollment for ESL classes has jumped from 1.2 million in 1994 to nearly 2 million in 1998. In the state of California, more than 1.2 million adult students enrolled in these classes in 1998, accounting for 38.2 percent of the adult education students in the state.  The increased demand for ESL classes have resulted in long waiting lists for ESL classes in many parts of the country. For example, Los Angeles has a waiting list of 50,000 people for ESL classes. Chicago's ESL programs are filled to capacity as soon as they open their doors. And, New York State has resorted to a lottery system to select individuals who wish to learn English.  I have visited several immigrant communities throughout California and have been impressed by the high work force participation rates, the strong sense of family, and a tireless commitment to their community. However, during these visits and in letters from my constituents, I have been often told about the lack of opportunities to participate in adult English education courses. This is particularly troublesome, given the large number of people in my state seeking to become American citizens, and to otherwise more fully participate in our civic life.  More support for programs like English Language and Civics Education Initiative would help states and communities throughout California and the rest of the nation that are struggling to keep up with this demand. Providing $70 million requested by the Administration would not merely be an expenditure, but an investment in our nation's future.  While this bill cannot address all the health and education needs of our nation or even those that are a federal responsibility, allocations are good--$2 billion more for education and $3 billion more for health (for the discretionary programs). It does not do all I wish it would do. For example, it does not adequately fund afterschool programs, health professions training, or educational technology as much as I would like, but it does address many important needs and I will vote for it.  I urge my colleagues to give it their strong support.  