 President, I thank you. I would like to thank the Senators for their courtesy.  I rise to add my support to the resolution offered by the Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from Arkansas.  I do so with a considerable sense of disappointment because for much of 1998, politics in the People's Republic of China appeared headed toward an authentic transformation. The government began to tolerate--and even encourage--discussion among intellectuals, academics, and reformers of the gradual development of democracy in China, to the point that many began to speak of a ``Beijing Spring.''  After many years of stalling, China signed the U.N. International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which, when ratified, would require China to allow much closer international scrutiny of its human rights practices. Cross-strait discussions resumed with Taiwan.  And during President Clinton's visit to China last summer, President Jiang Zemin, an old friend of mine, did two extraordinary things; he allowed the Chinese people to hear President Clinton directly by televising both his speech at Beijing University and the two leaders' joint press conference; and, in the press conference, President Jiang implied that the Chinese leadership would be prepared to meet withthe Dalai Lama to discuss the question of Tibet if the Dalai Lama would make certain statements about the principle of One China and Tibet and Taiwan's status as a part of China.  That was a major step forward for many of us who have advocated this for years.  Each of these developments seemed to represent a hopeful shift toward a new, more open attitude by the Chinese government. It seemed to reflect the confidence of a new generation of Chinese leaders, firmly in control, unafraid to allow their people to stretch their minds, and willing to deal forthrightly with difficult political questions like Tibet and Taiwan through negotiations. But now these hopes appear to be in abeyance.  I now believe that the hardliners appear to be strengthening their hand, and in so doing are causing their President, Jiang Zemin, to lose face as they prevent him from allowing a further opening-up of Chinese society and from carrying out a negotiation to solve real issues of deep concern to six million Tibetans.  The recent spate of arrests of dissidents of China, followed by summary trials and convictions of several of the most prominent among them--Xu Wenli, Wang Youcai, and Qin Yongmin--raise the ugly specter of a renewed tightening on political freedom in the months leading up to the tenth anniversary of the Tiananment Square tragedy.  On Tibet, the Dalai Lama abandoned plans to use his recent visit to the United States to make far-reaching statements intended to open the door to negotiations with China, amid unmistakable signals from Beijing that it was not prepared to begin a dialog regardless of what he said. Meanwhile, China's persecution in Tibet has only intensified. The brutal tactics of brainwashing, intimidation, and torture--tools of the Cultural Revolution--are now in use in Tibet.  The United States can continue to make contributions toward systemic changes that will instill the rule of law in China, which would, for example, make summary trials a thing of the past. Congress failed to fund the President's rule of law initiative last year; we should not repeat that mistake this year. Congress and the Administration should continue to resist sanctions and economic penalties that will only make the situation worse, but we must develop a stronger policy to put pressure on China to begin a dialog with the Dalai Lama on providing autonomy for the people of Tibet. An important step was taken last month when Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees and Migration Julia Taft was named the State Departments Special Coordinator for Tibet.  This resolution argues for an additional step the United States can take. It urges the Administration to support and work for the passage of a resolution condemning China's human rights abuses at the U.N. Human Rights Commission in Geneva.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that precise individual documentation and statements of this be printed in the Record following my remarks. These statements were recently given by refugees coming out of China directly to some of our friends in Nepal.  