 President, I support the amendment offered by Senator Dodd to increase patient access to life-saving clinical trials. This amendment could assist in prolonging the lives of millions of patients with life-threatening or serious illnesses, for which no standard treatment is effective, by offering them access to new experimental therapies.  Clinical trials are the primary means of testing new therapies for deadly diseases such as cancer, congestive heart failure, Alzheimer's, and diabetes. Many health insurance plans cover the patient's routine costs associated with clinical trials. Recently, however, research institutions--particularly cancer centers--are finding that managed care plans will not pay for the costs associated with clinical trials. For many patients whose conditions have not responded to conventional therapies, clinical trials may be the only viable treatment option available.  The Dodd amendment requires health plans to cover the routine patient costs associated with these trials. Eligible patients are those with life-threatening or serious illnesses for which no standard treatment is effective, and those for whom participation offers meaningful potential for significant clinical benefit. Trials are limited to those approved and funded by one or more of the following: the National Institutes of Health (NIH); a cooperative group or center of the NIH; or, certain trials through the Department of Defense or the Veterans Administration.  The Republican bill does not provide for coverage of any routine costs related to clinical trials. Instead, they require only a study on the issue. The Republican bill does not offer hope to patients who have exhausted all other options except the promise of experimental treatment. We should not have to tell the thousands of desperate women with terminal breast cancer that we need to study this issue some more before we can offer them access to clinical treatment that might save their lives.  Republicans claim that we do not have enough information about the costs of clinical trials. They say we need, once again, yet another study. Every day we delay, with conversations about the need for another study which will undoubtedly demonstrate the continue importance of clinical trials, another patient suffers; another patient dies. The Republicans' claim that clinical trials are more expensive than conventional therapies is unjustified. The fact is that the cost of conventional therapies is not known with any precision. The cost varies case-by-case.  Republicans claim that covering the cost of patient care in clinical trials would be too expensive. The Congressional Budget Office found that 90 percent of health plans already cover routine patient costs in clinical trials. In an attempt to block patient access to clinical trials, insurance companies try to claim that a clinical trial is more expensive than conventional therapy. However, at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, the cost of treating pancreas, breast, colon, lung, and ovarian cancer pursuant to a clinical trial were compared to the costs of treating the same cancers with standard therapies. Utilizing Medicare patients for this comparison, the average cost per patient was actually lower for those patients enrolled in clinical trials.  Let me explain who pays for trials. There are three categories of costs associated with a clinical trial:  First, the cost of the investigational drug is provided free of charge by the pharmaceutical sponsor.  Second, the costs associated with collecting and analyzing the data fromthe trial is covered by the trial sponsor through a federal research grant or other funding source (i.e., National Institutes of Medicine, Food and Drug Administration).  Third, routine patient care costs--physician charges, hospital fees and routine diagnostic tests--are the only costs that managed care plans would be asked to cover for patients participating in clinical trials. And as I mentioned earlier, over 90 percent of health plans already cover routine patient costs in clinical trials.  By early in the next century, Hispanics, African-Americans, and Native Americans will comprise nearly one-half of our nation's. In fact, Hispanics are the fastest-growing ethnic group in America today. This is alarming since heart disease, cancer, tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS and diabetes are disproportionally affecting minority communities.  Some specific forms of cancer affect ethnic minority communities at rates up to several times higher than national averages. African-American males develop cancer 15 percent more frequently than white males. Although the rate of breast cancer among African-American women is not as high as that among white women, African-American women are more likely to die from the disease once it is detected. Cervical cancer is nearly five times more likely among Vietnamese American women than white women, and it disproportionally affects Hispanics. Liver cancer is more than 11 times higher among Vietnamese Americans than among whites. Colon and rectal cancer is higher among Alaska Natives than other ethnic groups. Lastly, American Indians experience the lowest cancer survival rate of any U.S. ethnic group.  However, access to clinical trials is especially limited for racial and ethnic minorities. Of the people participating in clinical cancer trials, only 2-3 percent are minorities. The September Cancer March's Research Task Force said that one way of encouraging more participation is to require public and private insurers to cover the routine medical costs associated with clinical trials. Senator Dodd's amendment to the Patients' Bill of Rights does just that.  In addition, women, the elderly, ethnic and racial minorities, and cancer patients are not participating in clinical trials proportional to the population. The September Cancer March's Research Task Force testified before the Senate Cancer Coalition that only 2 percent of cancer patients are enrolled in clinical trials. Of those participating, only 25 percent are elderly, even though the elderly represented some 63% of the cancer patient population during the mid-1990s.  Breast cancer is one of many diseases that cause more deaths among minorities than among white women. Researchers and patient advocates agree that understanding differences in disease progression requires the recruitment of a representative number of minorities to clinical trials. So why don't more ethnic/racial minorities participate in clinical trials? There are several reasons. Lack of access to health care and lack of insurance coverage are major reasons; 43 million Americans are uninsured. This number does not include the millions who are under-insured.  In closing, real improvements in health care, advancements in medical knowledge, are possible only through increased scientific clinical research and development. We cannot lose sight of the fact that without continued clinical research and access to clinical trials, life threatening diseases such as cancer will continue to ravage communities. Encouraging participation in clinical trials is essential, if not crucial, to the millions of Americans who live daily with life-threatening diseases. The unrelenting focus by HMOs on cutting rather than focusing on the long-term quality of our health care system is harming the American people, and we are not gaining scientific knowledge.  As our nation continues to move to a managed care based health system, patient enrollment in clinical trials is dropping. One of the reasons for this decline is the unwillingness of many health plans to cover routine patient care costs associated with participation in a clinical trial. This amendment to the Patients' Bill of Rights is the first step to ensuring access to clinical trials. We cannot continue to let HMOs put profits before patients.  