 President, I rise today in opposition to the cloture motion to proceed to H.R. 975, the Steel Import bill. I do so for three reasons. First, I think that this legislation is protectionist and invites retaliation under the World Trade Organization; second, I believe that it may endanger the health and stability of the international economy; and, third, I believe that it may endanger the health and stability of the U.S. economy, including the steel industry it is intended to protect.  I understand the appeal of this legislation for those who support it, and believe that they are well intentioned in wishing to see legislation passed which protects the U.S. steel industry.  As supporters of this legislation have pointed out, there was an undeniable surge in steel imports into the United States last year. Over the past three years, economic instability in East Asia, Russia, and Latin America have resulted in a weakening of the world steel market. According to the Congressional Research Service, between August 1997 and August 1998, imports surged almost 80%.  But today, it is important to note, steel imports have returned to their pre-crisis levels, down roughly 44% in April 1999 since last August's peak, according to the office of the United States Trade Representative.  Where I disagree with supporters of this legislation, then, is that although I too believe that some complaints about unfair competition and unfair trade practices are, of course, warranted, the solution to those complaints found in this bill--the imposition of unyielding import quotas--is an approach which I believe to be counterproductive and even potentially harmful to the health of the U.S. economy.  First, the protectionism sought by this bill would put the United States in violation of world trade rules, and would invite retaliation against U.S. producers of a range of goods in overseas markets, jeopardizing jobs at home.  The World Trade Organization permits the application of ``safeguard measures'' such as quotas only in very specific circumstances, and never unilaterally. In the absence of a determination that the product in question is being imported in such increased quantities as to cause or threaten to cause serious injury to the domestic industry, unilateral measures such as those included in this bill are not permitted. And if a nation takes such a unilateral measure, the countries affected are allowed to take retaliatory measures.  Thus, if this legislation is enacted, the United States would face the real possibility of retaliation by the world's steel exporting countries. Under the WTO rules, other countries will have the right to retaliate against our exports. They could put at risk our most competitive sectors--such as agriculture, high-tech, or pharmaceuticals.  In fact, a June 18 letter signed by the American Farm Bureau Federation, the International Dairy Foods Association, and the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, among others, states that:       At a time when U.S. farmers are facing severe financial      hardships, continued access to global markets Is critical to      preserve farm income . . . since growth for the U.S.      agricultural sector hinges on access to world markets,      passing legislation that violates the WTO threatens economic      growth in the farm sector.  In addition, there could also be retaliation against U.S. products that use steel, such as automobiles, heavy machinery, or construction. For example, according to a letter I received from Boeing:       In 1999 we expect to deliver approximately $18 billion in      airplanes to international customers, many of whom are      struggling to purchase these planes as a result of the Asian      financial crisis. A number of these airplane deliveries could      be at risk if new limits on imported steel are imposed.  The unilateral protectionism embodied in this bill would undermine the international trading system and the institutions, rules, and regulations to safeguard the international economy that the United States has worked so hard to put into place over the past fifty years. As we have seen in numerous cases, these institutions and rules have helped the U.S. gain market access when other nations sought to prevent it, and have helped the U.S. economy to grow and created numerous jobs here in the United States.  As the world's largest trading nation, U.S. interests are best served by supporting--not undermining--the rules-based international economic and trading system.  This leads me to my second point, and the second reason I am opposed to this legislation: I believe that this legislation threatens to undermine the health and stability of the international economy, and with it the basefor much of America's current economic prosperity. Free trade has been a prime ingredient in the eight year U.S. economic boom.  Moreover, in the past year we have begun to turn the corner on a global economic crisis. Maintaining open world markets is vital to global recovery in Asia, Russia, Brazil, and elsewhere. These countries have not closed their markets to U.S. products despite the economic pressures they have faced in the past several years. If the U.S. takes a significant step towards protectionism, it will set off a global chain-reaction.  Indeed, according to a May 25 letter I received from Raymond Chretien, the Canadian Ambassador to the United States, passage of this legislation:       . . . would set a protectionist precedent that would      encourage other industries, in the U.S. and other countries,      to seek unilateral relief outside of legitimate, established,      trade remedies. The world economy, and workers in affected      countries, can ill afford the turmoil that could ensure in      international commerce.  According to Brookings Analyst Robert Crandall, HR 975 is ``one of the most blatantly projectionist pieces of legislation since the 1930s''. I do not believe that a single member of this body wants the United States, or the international economy, to risk a return to those days of global depression.  Finally, although the quotas might have some marginal palliative effect for some of the old-line steel factories, they would have a far larger effect on the overall health and well-being of the U.S. economy, and threaten to harm countless other U.S. workers and consumers.  This is the third reason I oppose this bill: I believe that it is bad for the U.S. economy, including the steel industry.  To take one example, steel import quotas would increase the price of steel used by the automobile industry, harming the auto industry and auto workers, and would in turn show up in higher auto sticker prices, harming U.S. consumers hoping to be able to purchase reasonably priced cars.  In short, steel import quotas will undermine U.S. manufacturing competitiveness in a range of industries and business that rely on steel, from metal fabrication to transport to industrial machinery to construction; industries that in toto employ over 8 million workers.  For example, I received a letter from the Aggressive Engineering Corporation, a small California company that serves military and commercial industry in their metal stamping needs. According to this letter:       Our company relies on steel from domestic producers.      However, U.S. steel producers are able to supply only about      75% of the demand for steel, leaving a yearly shortfall of 30      million tons. In order to maintain our operations in the      United States, we depend on foreign steel. . .While we all      agree that it is important to maintain U.S. jobs and job      growth, steel is no less important than other sectors. Please      remember that steel-using industries employ more than 40      American workers for every worker in the steel industry.      Quotas do not work. They will harm consumers and steel-     consuming industries to a much greater extent than they could      ever help steel producers or steelworkers.  It is also important to keep in mind that although many of the old-line steel mills face serious difficulties, that is not the same as saying that overall the U.S. steel industry is in trouble. In fact, many of the problems faced by old-line steel mills stem less from import problems than from decades-old mills that are unable to compete with the efficient new mini-mills located right here in the United States. Even as the U.S. faced the ``import surge'' last year, U.S. mills rolled out 102 million tons of steel in 1998, the second highest total in the past two decades.  In addition, The Wall Street Journal has reported that 25% of the steel entering the United States last year was bought by American steelmakers, who otherwise could not have met the demands of their customers.  In other words, while seeking to protect the steel industry, this legislation could in fact harm the industry by protecting the least efficient producers at the expense of the more efficient, and by preventing American steelmakers from getting access to the steel they need to meet customer demand.  In response to this surge in imports last year, earlier this year the Administration put in place an aggressive Steel Action Plan to strictly enforce the trade laws already on the books; enter into new bilateral agreements with Japan, Russia, and Korea regarding their steel imports to the United States; create new sources of early import data and an active monitoring of safeguards; and lend support for the Section 201 safeguard law.  In addition, the Department of Commerce determination on the import surge this February, recently supported by a finding of the International Trade Commission, has paved the way for the Administration to slap duties on Japanese and Brazilian steel and forced Russia to restrict its imports.  I believe that the Administration's response has been tough but fair. And I believe that the proof of the effectiveness of this response is in the pudding: By all accounts the steel import crisis is over, with imports having receded back to pre-crisis levels.  Under these circumstances--passing potentially harmful quota legislation after the crisis has passed--is the wrong way to approach this issue, and I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing the cloture motion to proceed to this bill.  