 President, Senator Boxer and I today are introducing a bill to ban abortions after a fetus is viable.  The bill has 3 provisions:  (1) It bans post-viability abortions.  (2) It provides an exception to the ban if, in the medical judgment of the attending physician, the abortion is necessary to preserve the life of the woman or to avert serious adverse health consequences to the woman.  (3) It includes two civil penalties:  For the first offense, a fine not to exceed $10,000. For the second offense, revocation of a physician's medical license.  This amendment is similar to S. 481 which we introduced in the previous Congress and the amendment we offered as a substitute to the ``partial-birth abortion bill'' when the Senate considered it. The major difference is that the bill we introduce today adds the penalty of revocation of the medical license for a second offense. S. 481 did not include this penalty. Both S. 481 and this bill have as the penalty for the first offense a $10,000 fine.  This bill reflects my deep belief that abortions after a fetus is viable should not take place except in the rarest of circumstances to protect the life and health of the mother. That is the intent of this bill.  The medical community has said that there are very occasionally very extraordinary and tragic circumstances when a physician may determine that a postviability abortion is the safest procedure for protecting a woman's health. These are circumstances which most of us can never imagine.  Leading medical organizations say that post-viability abortions are rare and should be rare. They say that medical decisions should be made by doctors who must determine the best procedure. For example, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, has said:       ACOG has never supported post-viability abortions except      for the constitutionally protected exception of saving the      life or health of a woman.       There may be circumstances where the physician and patient      would reach the conclusion that this procedure [Intact      Dilatation and Extraction after 16 weeks of pregnancy] is the      most medically appropriate . . . there is a need for      flexibility in handling unexpected situations. . . .  The California Medical Association wrote me, ``The determination of the medical need for, and effectiveness of, particular medical procedures must be left to the medical profession, to be reflected in the standard of care . . . The legislative process is ill-suited to evaluate complex medical procedures whose importance may vary with a particular patient's case and with the state of scientific knowledge.''  Congress cannot anticipate every conceivable medical situation. Only the doctor, in consultation with the patient, based upon the woman's unique medical history and health can make this decision of how best to protect the woman's health.  This substitute is designed to protect the fetus, to protect the woman's life and health and to give the physician the latitude to make the necessary medical decisions in those rarest of circumstances.  The U.S. Supreme Court, in the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, held that the woman's health must be the physician's primary concern and the physician must be given the discretion he or she needs to choose the most appropriate abortion method to protect the woman's life and health.  The Supreme Court has defined ``health of the mother.'' In Doe v. Bolton, the Court held that the decision of whether a woman requires an abortion for the health of the mother is a medical judgment to ``be exercised in light of all factors--physical, emotional, psychological, familial, and the woman's age--relevant to the well-being of the patient.'' In so doing, the Court further recognized a doctor's important role in determining whether an abortion is necessary.  I believe that the language of this bill--unlike S. 1692, Senator Santorum's bill and the substitute offered yesterday by Senator Durbin-- has a meaningful health exception for the woman and is constitutional.  The decision to have an abortion--by the mother, the father, the physician--is never an easy one. It is the most wrenching decision any woman could ever have to make. It is a profoundly, impossibly difficult decision in the late stages of pregnancy.  No physician would perform a postviability abortion without extended and serious consideration. Because the physician's action has consequences for human life and the action should not be undertaken except in the gravest of circumstances, the substitute includes two penalties. It creates for the first offense a $10,000 fine; for the second offense, revocation of the physician's license.  I oppose post-viability abortions. They are wrong, except to save the mother's life and health. Late-term abortions are rare and they should be rare.  I will vote against S. 1692, Senator Santorum's bill, because it is not constitutional. It does not include adequate protections for a woman's health.  I believe this bill is a far preferable approach. Its penalties represent grave consequences for violations. It protects the fetus except in extraordinary circumstances that could have serious adverse consequences for the mother's health. It protects a woman's life and health.  I hope my colleagues will join me in passing this bill.      By 