 President, I rise to oppose the Foreign Operations Conference Report and to express my disappointment that in passing this report the Committee has not provided funding for the U.S. commitment to the Wye River agreement.  This conference agreement, which provides $12.6 billion in funding, is nearly $2 billion below the President's request and $1 billion less than last year's bill. This low level of funding makes it all but impossible for the U.S. to maintain its leadership role in the international community. Indeed, nearly every major account in the conference report is underfunded, including funding for voluntary international peacekeeping, the Peace Corps, Multilateral Development Banks, the Enhanced Threat Reduction Initiative, African development loan initiatives, the Global Environment Facility, and debt relief for the world's poorest countries.  Most troubling, one specific initiative, the Wye assistance for the Middle East peace process, is nonexistent.  As Israel and the Palestinian Authority move ahead with implementation of the Wye agreement and final status negotiations, it is vital that the United States also do its part in meeting its commitments and obligations.  On Monday I, and twenty-one of my colleagues, sent letters to the President and to the Majority and Minority leaders about the critical importance of meeting our Wye commitments. Let me tell you why I consider this to be such an important issue.  On September 4, 1999 Prime Minister Barak and Palestinian Authority President Arafat signed the Sharm el-Shiekh Memorandum, expediting the fulfillment of Israeli and Palestinian obligations under prior treaties, particularly the Wye agreement, and establishing a time line for the completion of final status negotiations bySeptember 13, 2000. Under this agreement: Israel has now relinquished an additional 7 percent of the West Bank, with 5 percent more slated for turnover to the Palestinian Authority later this year; Israel has released 199 Palestinian prisoners with another 150 scheduled for release later this year; Israel has started to open the Shuhada Road in Hebron; the Palestinian Authority has submitted its list of police; and, Israel and the Palestinian Authority have formally initiated final status negotiations.  Israel and the Palestinian Authority are meeting their obligations, and as Israel, Jordan, and the Palestinian Authority continue to make progress in these negotiations, it is all the more critical for the United States to provide the financial assistance and support that has been promised.  Whereas the first land transfer from Israel to the Palestinian Authority did not involve the movement of Israeli troops or bases, the next two planned transfers will involve the redeployment of troops, bases, and other infrastructure at considerable cost to Israel. In fact, there is some concern in Israel that if the U.S. is unable or unwilling to meet its commitments under Wye, the budget of the government of Israel will be thrown into chaos.  The United States has pledged to provide $1.2 billion to Israel, $400 million to the Palestinians, and $300 million to Jordan to assist them in meeting their obligations under the Wye accord, as well as for economic assistance for Jordan and areas under the Palestinian Authority.  The United States has a deep commitment to Israel and its Arab partners in the peace process to help advance negotiations and to help meet the financial burden placed on the parties in the peace process in meeting their obligations. We have undertaken this commitment both because it is the right thing to do and because it serves well vital U.S. national security interests.  The Wye agreement represents an important step on the road to peace in the Middle East. We must meet our obligations under Wye, and I do not believe that Congress should pass a Foreign Operations Appropriations bill that does not include such funding.  I do not believe that the United States can adequately pursue our national interests and foreign affairs priorities with this Conference Report. It will not allow the U.S. to continue to operate important international programs at current levels, will undoubtedly detract from the stature of the U.S. in the international community, and lets down our partners in the Middle East peace process. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition to this conference report.  