 President, before he leaves the floor, I want to extend my congratulations to the majority leader for moving us to this point. Obviously, human nature, being what it is, had we not had a deadline, had the Priscilla Owen nomination not been brought up, had the debate not begun, we would not be where we are today. Senator Frist, in a tireless and persistent manner, has been working on this issue since shortly after the election last year, talking to Senator Reid.  I also want to compliment the Democratic leader. I suspect there is no issue upon which Senator Frist and Senator Reid have had discussions more frequently than this one, going back for the last 6 months.  I think there was bipartisan unhappiness in the Senate with the degree to which the Senate had deteriorated in the last Congress--this sort of random, mindless killing of nominees, 10 of them.  I think what has happened tonight is a result not only of the steadfastness of our majority leader, Bill Frist, but also this coming together of the groupof 14, led in large measure on our side by Senator McCain and Senator Warner from Virginia, one of the real true supporters of this institution. They have allowed us to sort of step back from the brink. As I read this memorandum of understanding, signed by the seven Democrats and seven Republicans, all options are still on the table with regard to both filibusters and constitutional options. But what I also hear from these 14 distinguished colleagues is that they do not expect this to happen.  We have marched back from the brink, hopefully taken the first step, beginning tomorrow with cloture on Justice Priscilla Owen, to begin to deal with judicial nominations the way we always have prior to the last Congress. Sure, there were occasional cloture votes, but they were always invoked. They were always for the purpose of getting the nominee an up-or-down vote.  I want to thank Senator Warner and his colleagues for making it possible for us to get back to the way we operated quite comfortably for 214 years. So even though this is not an agreement that I would have made or that the majority leader would have made--because he and I both believe that all nominees who come to the floor are entitled to an up-or-down vote--it is certainly a good beginning. And three very, very distinguished nominees, whose nominations have been languishing for a number of years, are going to get an up-or-down vote. I think that is something we can all celebrate on a bipartisan basis.  So I do indeed think this has been a good night for the Senate. And I am optimistic that for the balance of this Congress, we will operate the way we did for 214 years prior to the last Congress.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  