 President, I rise today on behalf of every American who each year is forced unknowingly to pay a hidden tax. We all know we have to pay an income tax, a sales tax, a payroll tax, but what about a bankruptcy tax? You may not have heard of this tax, but you and every other man, woman, and child in America pay it every single year. It is the accumulated cost of higher interest rates on credit, higher downpayments on a car or other essential items, and higher penalty fees and late charges for financial transactions. It is the result of the abuse of America's bankruptcy system which allows people who still have the ability to pay back some or all of their debt to declare bankruptcy and escape responsibility for what they owe.  Somebody has to pay those unpaid bills. And that somebody is you. Companies have no choice but to pass them on to the consumer.  When I mention this bankruptcy tax, you may think I am talking about small change, the kind of money you can find under your couch cushions. You would be wrong. According to a Department of Justice study, the bankruptcy tax amounts to a staggering $400 for every man, woman, and child in America once a year every year. Let me repeat that so I can be sure it soaks in. That is $400 for every man, woman, and child in America once a year every year.  That amount of money would mean a lot to a family in my home State of Kentucky where the median income is $36,936 a year. That means the average Kentuckian has to work 4 days a year to pay the bankruptcy tax. In fact, it is the lower income families who feel the sting of the bankruptcy tax the most. Higher interest rates can stop them from getting access to credit for a home, transportation to a necessary job, or even higher education.  Our bankruptcy system was originally created to give those who were hopelessly mired in debt a way out and a second chance. As long as it was used sparingly and applied only to those who most needed its mercy, it was the compassionate way for America to make sure that none of her neediest became trapped in a lifetime of deficit and despair. But in recent years, too many are abusing the bankruptcy system. Last year nearly 1.6 million individuals filed for bankruptcy, a record high. This number is five times greater than the number of individual bankruptcy filings 20 years ago.  It seems odd so many more Americans would choose bankruptcy over that 20-year period, especially when you recognize that the last 20 years have set new records for economic growth, low unemployment, and low interest rates. 