 President, if I may, Calendar No. 459, that I just read and was just confirmed by the Senate, is a former member of my staff, Greg Van Tatenhove, who is, at the moment, the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Kentucky. He is an outstanding lawyer. He will be a fine addition to the Federal judiciary.  As a former staff member of mine, I say to my colleagues, you have done a great thing in confirming him. He will be a distinguished member of the Federal judiciary.  Mr. President, I strongly support the nomination of Greg Van Tatenhove to the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Kentucky.  Greg Van Tatenhove has been an outstanding public servant for the better part of 20 years. I first met Greg when he was a young aide to a Member of Congress. He later joined my legislative staff, where he performed superbly before leaving to attend law school.  Greg distinguished himself in law school by being chosen as an Articles Editor of the Kentucky Law Journal and receiving a citation for Excellence in Oral Advocacy in the Moot Court Program. After graduation from law school, Greg spent a year as clerk to U.S. District Court Judge Eugene Siler.  Greg was then chosen to join the Federal Programs Branch of the Department of Justice through the Attorney General's Honors Program. He was one of only eleven young attorneys to be chosen nationwide out of hundreds of applicants for this prestigious branch. This branch is well known for handling especially complex and precedent-setting legal cases on behalf of the United States. During his 4 yearsat DOJ, the Department recognized Greg for his excellent performance with its Special Achievement Award.  Greg then returned to Capitol Hill, where he spent 7 years as Chief of Staff and Legal Counsel to Representative Ron Lewis of Kentucky. During his tenure, he developed a reputation as one of the Commonwealth's outstanding young legal minds, and in 2001, he was nominated by President Bush as United States Attorney in the Eastern District of Kentucky, a position which he has ably filled for the past 4 years.  In the course of his service as the chief federal law enforcement officer in the Eastern District, he approves all indictments, all major plea bargains, and is directly involved in all of the major cases involving the United States that come before the court, both civil and criminal.  Based on Greg's outstanding record, it should come as no surprise that President Bush nominated him as a judge for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky on September 13, 2005. I applaud the President's choice, and I proudly support his nomination. Greg's high intellect, integrity, character, and devotion to public service make him an ideal choice for the District Court.  Greg's nomination has been widely praised by those who know him best, including two members of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals, five members of the District Court on which he will serve, and numerous former colleagues. They share my conviction that Greg will be a splendid addition to the federal bench.  In addition to his outstanding intellectual and professional abilities, Greg is a devoted family man. I know his wife Jane and his two beautiful children, Cooper and Catherine, are proud of him as he assumes this new position of responsibility.  It was clear to me 20 years ago when I hired Greg, even then a young man of great accomplishment, that he would go on to greater success. His confirmation is the result of many years of hard work, great intellect, commitment to public service, and the highest ethical and professional standards.  Greg Van Tatenhove will be an outstanding District Court judge, and I urge my colleagues to support his nomination.  