 That is the fastest I can recall that measure clearing the Senate, certainly in recent years.  As the majority leader announced earlier today, we will be in session tomorrow, but there will not be any votes. We will not have any votes during Monday's session. So Senators should expect a busy week as we consider the deficit reduction omnibus reconciliation bill.  In that regard, I ask unanimous consent that at 4 p.m. on Monday, October 31, the Senate proceed to S. 1932, the 2005 deficit reduction bill, and it be considered under the following statutory time agreement, with time divided as follows: The first hour on Monday under the control of the chairman of the Budget Committee; provided further that the Senate then resume the bill on Tuesday, November 1, at 9 a.m., with the time until 8 divided between the chairman and ranking member, with 4\1/2\ hours under the control of the chairman and 5\1/2\ hours under the control of the ranking member; provided further that the Senate recess from 12:30 to 2 for the weekly policy luncheons; provided that any votes ordered on Tuesday be postponed to occur at a time determined by the leader after consultation with the Democratic leader.  I further ask consent that the Senate then resume the bill on Wednesday, November 2, with the time from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. equally divided between the chairman and ranking member; provided further that at 6 p.m. on Wednesday all time be considered expired.  Before the Chair rules, it is my understanding that Senators Gregg and Conrad have agreed that we will have 1 hour of debate on Monday. We will then resume the deficit reduction measure on Tuesday, with debate until 8. Any votes ordered on Tuesday would be stacked to occur at a later time. We would then resume the bill on Wednesday, with all time expired at 6 p.m.  The Budget Act allows for amendments to be offered and voted on beyond the statutory time limit, the so-called vote-arama that we look forward to every year. I would hope that we would not have a vote-arama, but understanding that Members will offer amendments after the expiration of time, we would begin those sequenced votes on Thursday.  We will proceed until complete, and we all hope that will be a short time thereafter.  In any event, we would stop in the late afternoon on Thursday and resume on Friday if, and only if, that becomes necessary.  