 President, I listened with interest this morning to the remarks of our Democratic colleagues. They talked about a potential Supreme Court vacancy. While we have no knowledge of the occurrence of such a vacancy at this time, our friends implored the White House to consult with them in selecting a Supreme Court nominee. It is on this subject that I wish to make a few observations in the event such a vacancy were to occur.  From time to time, Senators may suggest to a President who he should nominate to the Federal bench. Sometimes Presidents agree with the suggestions and sometimes they do not. This White House has observed this practice, and I believe it will continue to do so. But we should not confuse the solicitude that any President may afford the views of individual Senators on a case-by-case basis with some sort of constitutional right of 100 individual Senators to co-nominate persons to the Federal court.  Unfortunately, I am afraid our Democratic friends are under a misapprehension that they have some sort of individual right of co-nomination. In the past, our colleague Senator Schumer has said that in his view--in his view--the President and the Senate should have ``equal roles'' in picking judicial nominees.  And just last week, and again on the floor this morning, my good friend from Vermont said that he ``stands ready to work with President Bush to help him select a nominee to the Supreme Court.''  Such a view of the confirmation process is completely at odds with the plain language of the Constitution, the Framers' intent, common sense, and past statements of our Democratic friends themselves.  Let's start with the Constitution. Article II, section 2 provides that the President, and the President alone--no one else--nominates. It says ``the President shall nominate.'' It does not say ``the President and the Senate shall nominate,'' nor does it say ``the President and a certain quantity of individual Senators shall nominate.'' It says ``the President shall nominate''--the plain words of the Constitution.  It then adds that after he nominates, his nominees will be appointed ``by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate.''  This plain language meaning of article II, section 2 is confirmed by the Founding Father who proposed the very constitutional language I just cited. Alexander Hamilton wrote that it is the President, not the President and members of the opposition party, who nominates judges. Specifically, in Federalist No. 66, Alexander Hamilton wrote:       It will be the Office of the President to nominate, and,      with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint. There      will, of course, be no exertion of choice--I repeat, no exertion of choice--     on the part of the Senate. They may defeat     one choice of the Executive and oblige him to make      another; but they cannot themselves choose--they can only      ratify or reject the choice [of the President].  Nothing could be more clear--Alexander Hamilton in Federalist No. 66 interpreting the plain language of article II, section 2 of the Constitution.  The Framers were, of course, as we all know, brilliant. They recognized that the judicial confirmation process would not function at all if we had the President and a multitude of individual Senators selecting judges. How could a President hope to accommodate the views of 100 different Senators on who he should nominate, each of whom might submit their own slate of nominees? That is why the only person who won a national election is charged with the power of nomination--the only person who won a national election is charged with the power of nomination.  Our Democratic friends at one point at least recognized this as well. For example, during Justice O'Connor's confirmation hearing, my good friend from Delaware, the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said:       I believe it is necessary at the outset of these hearings      on your nomination--Talking to Sandra Day O'Connor at the time--     to define the nature and scope of our responsibilities in the      confirmation process, at least as I understand them. . . .      [A]s a Member of the U.S. Senate, I am not choosing a nominee      for the Court.This is our colleague from Delaware.     . . . I am not choosing a nominee for the Court. That is the      prerogative of the President of the United States, and we      Members of the U.S. Senate are simply reviewing the choice      that he has made.  That was Senator Biden in 1981.  And on the subject of deference, I must respectfully disagree with my good friend from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy. Professor Michael Gerhardt, on whose expertise in constitutional law our Democratic friends have relied, notes that:       The Constitution . . . establishes a presumption of      confirmation that works to the advantage of the President and      his nominees.  Finally, let me reiterate that at the end of the day, the Senate gives the President's nominees an up-or-down vote. This has been the practice even when there were highly contested Supreme Court nominees. There were no Supreme Court nominees more contested than Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas. Yet those Supreme Court nominees received up-or-down votes. I expect the same courtesy will be afforded to the next Supreme Court nominee regardless of who the nominating President is.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  