 President, in listening to our Democratic colleagues discuss the President's judicial nominees, I have often thought if I had a dollar for every time they use the words ``far right'' or ``extreme,'' I could one day retire a rich and happy man. Some have reached new heights, though, in histrionics and hyperbole in discussing the Janice Rogers Brown nomination.  For example, our very good friend from New York, Senator Schumer, actually said yesterday he could not think of any judicial nominee of President Clinton who was as far to the left as Janice Rogers Brown is to the right.  Just as an initial matter, many Senators on this side of the aisle have noted that 76 percent of Californians--that is not 76 percent of Texans, or 76 percent of Alabamians, or 76 percent of Georgians--voted to reelect Justice Brown to the highest court of our most populous State, not known as a bastion of conservatism.  That certainly belies the notion that she is too conservative for the Federal bench. And with respect to the remainder of Senator Schumer's assertion that there were no far-left Clinton nominees who should have been disqualified from judicial service in the way he would disqualify Justice Brown, it seems to me our friend is suffering from a little memory loss. I can think of a number of Clinton nominees who were very much on the far left of the political spectrum and yet who, today, wear the robe of a Federal judge. My friend from Alabama has mentioned Judge Paez, for example. Senator Sessions noted that Judge Paez once remarked that a judge ought to be an activist. Judge Paez said a judge ought to be an activist if he believed the legislature was failing to address a problem. That, as Senator Sessions points out, is the virtual definition of judicial activism.  There are quite a few other Clinton judicial nominees who reside over on the political ``Left Bank.'' I do not have the time now to go through all of them, but I would like to discuss one, just one Clinton nominee in particular, a nominee with whom we are all very, very familiar. At the time of her confirmation, she had previously made numerous provocative statements and public policy pronouncements. Even when looked at today, almost 30 years removed from when they were first made, these statements are certainly not, by any standard, mainstream. But our Democratic colleagues did not argue then, and I doubt they would argue now, that these statements disqualified this Clinton nominee from Federal judicial service.  I speak of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, whom I supported. Let me note that Justice Ginsburg is a learned and experienced judge. As I just indicated, I and the vast majority of our colleagues voted for her. In 1993, she was approved 96 to 3 for her current position on the Supreme Court. We did so, even though in her private capacity she had made some very thought-provoking comments on public policy issues. She theoretically mused. These kinds of theoretical musings frequently occur, as we all know, in academia and other extrajudicial writings. This is a good thing, frankly, in terms of having a healthy marketplace of ideas. While people's opinions should be considered in evaluating their fitness for the bench, the fact that someone makes a thought-provoking comment is not necessarily a reason to bar them from judicial service. This appears, however, to be the standard our Democratic friends would apply to Justice Brown.  So I ask my friends, what would be their view of Justice Ginsburg, underthe new standard that they seek to apply to Justice Brown? For my friends on the other side of the aisle whose recollections may be just a bit foggy, let me remind them of some of her thoughts. She once proposed--this is Justice Ginsburg, for whom I voted and who has had a distinguished record on the Supreme Court. We are not arguing about that. But she once proposed abolishing Mother's and Father's Day in favor of a unisex ``Parents' Day.''  She also called for making prisons and reformatories co-ed, and sex integrated.  She argued that restrictions on bigamy were of questionable constitutionality, and she opined that the U.S. Constitution might guarantee a right to prostitution.  She argued that there is a constitutional entitlement to have the Government pay for abortions. And, incidentally, when she made this assertion, the Supreme Court had ruled not once but twice that there was no constitutional right to have taxpayers pay for abortions.  Justice Ginsburg has even suggested that statutory rape laws were discriminatory, and that the ``current penalty of 15 years for a first offense is excessive.'' She also suggested the adoption of a statute that would, among other things, lower the age of consent for sexual activity to age 12.  Given their past enthusiastic support for Justice Ginsburg's nomination--a nomination which I also supported--compared to their current vigorous opposition to Justice Brown's nomination, our Democratic colleagues must be saying one of two things: Either they believe that Justice Ginsburg's musings about a possible constitutional right to prostitution and the need to abolish Mother's and Father's Day and all the rest are in the mainstream--they either believe those comments are in the mainstream, or they are saying it is OK for a Democratic nominee to the Nation's highest court to make provocative statements like that, but it is not OK for a Republican nominee to a lower court to make thought-provoking statements about policy issues.  I would be surprised if my Democratic colleagues believed that these various musings of Justice Ginsburg were in the mainstream. In fact, I think they don't believe they were in the mainstream. So what we must have, then, is truly a double standard.  I see my friend from Alabama is on the floor. I ask if Senator Sessions is seeking time?  