 President, briefly, before the Democratic leader leaves, what I fear is that the only thing that has really changed in recent years is the occupant of the White House. With all due respect to my good friend and colleague--and I thank him for his cooperation on class action and bankruptcy; I know that was not easy--here we have my good friend Harry Reid in June of 2001 saying:       We should have up-or-down votes in the committees and on      the floor.  We should have up-or-down votes in the committees and on the floor. June 2001.  My good friend Senator Schumer is, I believe, still here on the Senate floor. In March of 2000, he said:       I also plead with my colleagues to move judges with      alacrity--vote them up or down. . . . This delay makes a      mockery of the Constitution.  That is the Democratic leader and our good Senator from New York in 2000, just a few years ago. What has changed between then and now? I suggest the only thing that has changed is the occupant of the White House. All we are pleading for--and again, I thank the Democratic leader. I think he has been gracious, he has been anxious to work with us to come up with some accommodation. But what was routine Senate procedure as late as 2000 and 2001 now has been turned on its head and night is day and day is night. I am having a hard time seeing that anything has changed except the occupant of the White House.  What we need to do is divorce ourselves from who the current occupant of the White House is, who the current majority is in the Senate, and think about the institution in the long term. It seems to me that where we are headed is that 41 Members of the Senate will, in effect, be able to dictate to whomever is in the White House who the nominees for appeals court judges and for Supreme Court Justices may be. I believe that is not where we need to end up. I do not think it is in their best interest. They may have the White House as soon as January of 2009.  Why can't we just pull back from the abyss, get back to the way we were operating in a way apparently the Democratic leader and the Senator from New York felt was quite appropriate as recently as 2000 and 2001? Why can't we just get back to that and settle this dispute once and for all for future Congresses?  