 We had that vote in 1995, I remind my good friend from Nevada, to get rid of the filibuster, period. It got only 19 votes; all 19 of them were Democrats. Not a single Republican voted to get rid of the legislative filibuster. Interestingly enough, this was the first vote after my party came back to power in the Senate. So, arguably, we would have been the big beneficiaries of getting rid of the filibuster. We had just had a marvelously successful election in 1994. We were in the majority of the House for the first time in 40 years and in the Senate. Somebody on your side of the aisle offered an amendment to get rid of all filibusters. That was the first vote Senator Frist cast after he was sworn into the Senate--to keep the filibuster. So I can reassure my good friend there is no sentiment that I am aware of anywhere in the Senate for getting rid of the filibuster.  Secondly, I am not aware of any sentiment about the filibuster being a problem with regard to Cabinet or sub-Cabinet appointments.  Third, I am not aware of the filibuster being a problem with regard to district court judges. Senators seem to be--your side has done a good job of confirming district court judges. That is not in dispute. We appreciate that. We think you have done it in a fair manner. What we are talking about here is this problem: for the first time in history the filibustering of circuit court nominees that have a majority of support in the Senate and, if allowed to have an up-or-down vote, all of these judges would be confirmed. They are for the first time in history denying them a vote when they have a majority of support in the Senate, and many of us have a suspicion this is precisely what our good friends on the other side of the aisle have in mind for any subsequent Supreme Court nominations. So why don't we just talk about the problem, which is circuit courts, and potentially the Supreme Court, and reach some kind of understanding that gets us back to the way we comfortably operated here for 214 years. That is what I would hope my good friend from Nevada, the Democratic leader, and ourselves could agree to at some point.  