 President, I want to say this to my good friend from Oregon before he leaves the floor. I listened intently to his extremely well-crafted and reasoned arguments, and I congratulate him for his important contribution to this momentous, significant debate we are having in the Senate, trying to get ourselves back to the way we comfortably operated for 214 years. I thank my colleague for his contribution.  Because of the unprecedented obstruction of our Democratic colleagues, the Republican conference intends to restore the principle that, regardless of party, any President's judicial nominees, after full debate, deserve a simple up-or-down vote.  I know that some of our colleagues wish that restoration of this principle were not required. But it is a measured step that my friends on the other side of the aisle have unfortunately made necessary. For the first time in 214 years, they have changed the Senate's ``advise and consent'' responsibilities to ``advise and obstruct.''  Our Democratic friends did not bring us here by accident. For 4 years, they have steered the Senate toward this unfortunate path. In April of 2001, Senate Democrats held a private weekend retreat in Farmington, PA, to hatch a plan of attack against the President's judicial nominees. According to the New York Times, one participant at the meeting said, quote, ``it was important for the Senate to change the ground rules, and there was no obligation to confirm someone just because they are scholarly or erudite.'' And, thus, we embarked on this uncharted course.  Until the last Congress--the 108th Congress--it had been standard procedure not to filibuster judicial nominees. That changed on February 11, 2003. On that day, Senator Hatch, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, sought consent to consider Miguel Estrada's nomination to the DC Circuit Court. My friend, Senator Dodd, refused. Senator Hatch offered to increase the amount of time for debate by 10 hours and was refused again. He offered 20 hours. He offered 40 hours. He offered even 50 hours of debate, an unprecedented amount of time. Senator Dodd said as follows:       This is not about the amount of time.  We have heard the repeated argument on the other side that this is about the right to speak. Senator Dodd said that this is not about the amount of time.  Remember that, Mr. President. 