 President, I ask the Senate to pause for a moment today in loving memory and honor of Sergeant Darrin Keith Potter.  Sergeant Potter of Louisville, KY, served with the 223rd Military Police Company in the Kentucky Army National Guard. On September 29, 2003, he gave his life in defense of our country in the vicinity of Baghdad, Iraq.  On that day in September, nearly 2 years ago, Sergeant Potter and two of his fellow soldiers were responding to reports of lethal bombing attacks by terrorists near a prison facility. His MP team tried to drive around a tight corner in a Humvee, but overturned into a canal.  Although his teammates escaped the vehicle safely, sadly, Sergeant Potter did not, and drowned. He had faithfully served his nation as a citizen-soldier for 5 years. He was 24 years old.  For his valorous service, Sergeant Potter was awarded the Bronze Star Medal and the Purple Heart. He was awarded the Kentucky Distinguished Service Medal, which is the second highest honor that the Commonwealthof Kentucky can bestow. He had also received both the Army Reserve Component Achievement Medal and the Army Achievement Medal numerous times in his years of service.  Sergeant Potter's aspiration to defend others dates back to his formative years, when he dreamed of one day becoming a police officer. While a student at Butler High School, in Louisville, he joined the Jefferson County Police Explorers, a program for boys and girls interested in a law enforcement career.  There he experienced all of the inner workings of law enforcement, and learned what the phrase ``protect and serve'' truly meant. He served as Captain of his Explorer Post and was named Male Explorer of the Year in 1998.  Darrin decided to enlist in the Kentucky National Guard and join the military police before he graduated high school in order to help him achieve his life-long goal of joining the Jefferson County Police Department. He wanted to gain invaluable experience with law enforcement and serve his community and his country.  Shortly before his 21st birthday, Sergeant Potter was deployed to Bosnia for a peacekeeping mission. He served with honor for 7 months. Captain Adrian Wheeler, Darrin's company commander in Iraq who also served with him in Bosnia, says that Darrin ``could be trusted with an important decision. He was physically tough, he was mentally tough.''  In late 2001, near the end of his deployment in Bosnia, Sergeant Potter realized his dream and was accepted to the Jefferson County Police Academy. The session was to start 2 weeks before he was due back from Bosnia. Undeterred, Darrin arranged with his commanders and the academy to leave Bosnia one week early and start at the academy one week late. Nothing would deflect him from his goal, and on February 1, 2002, he was sworn in as a Jefferson County police officer. His mother, Lynn Romans, called it ``the happiest day of his life.''  The rest of Sergeant Potter's unit returned from Bosnia on September 10, 2001. The next day was to be their welcome-home party. Instead, September 11 will be remembered as the day when America's mission in the world, and the mission of our armed forces, forever changed.  Sergeant Potter was deployed in Iraq in February 2003. Darrin and his unit were charged with guarding prisoners and escorting the many convoys which traveled in and out of Baghdad. It was a mission which suited Darrin's experience with law enforcement well. He served nobly and with great valor, and made everyone in our Commonwealth proud.  Since childhood, it was clear Darrin Potter had a strong, energetic spirit. Born in Flemingsburg, he grew up as a bright young boy who enjoyed sports, playing in Little League and in countless games of wiffleball, baseball and softball after school. As a child he lived in Pleasureville, Frankfort, Maysville, and finally Louisville, making friends wherever he went.  At age 5, it was not unusual for boys ten years older than Darrin to show up at his door, asking if he could come out and play. Perhaps it is because Darrin's dad, David, had lots of softball equipment. But all those who knew him would say that his endearing, fun-loving personality played no small part in his popularity.  Darrin grew up rooting for the University of Louisville Cardinals and the Cincinnati Reds. He loved Corvettes, and as a young man bought a red Corvette, which he treasured and protected. His father was his best friend, and the two often played softball together on the weekends. He was a good student, but he sometimes got into trouble for talking too much. You see, Darrin genuinely liked people.  One of the very first things Darrin did upon arriving in Iraq was to build a volleyball court. In the middle of the desert, Darrin took out his tape measure and set up a perfect court for the soldiers to have volleyball tournaments.  Captain Wheeler, Darrin's company commander in Iraq, has said of Darrin, ``he was just a regular guy, but a pretty extraordinary regular guy.''  I would suspect that Sergeant Potter would have humbly considered himself a pretty ordinary guy. But the very fact that he and so many other ordinary Americans make such heroic choices--to guard others from danger by confronting it head on--is what makes them extraordinary, and makes America a truly extraordinary country.  We thank Darrin's parents, David Potter and Lynn Romans, and his sister, Anita Potter, for sharing Darrin's life story with us, and for being here today.  We are profoundly indebted to Sergeant Potter for his service and his sacrifice. Our sadness is tempered with the knowledge that his mission was to protect the freedoms we enjoy here in America, and to spread those freedoms throughout the world.  I ask my colleagues to keep the family of Sergeant Darrin Potter in their thoughts and prayers as we continue to pursue a path forward for our country. I know they will be in mine.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  