 REID. Not right now. When Senator Inhofe brings this bill to the floor, the highway bill, this bill is a free-for-all. That is what the Senate is. It is kind of a cluttered, clumsy procedure, but that is what the Senate is. I hope we are not an extension of the House of Representatives where everything we do here is like in the House--a rule is set on it. If people feel strongly enough to break the rules, to change the rules, as they will have to do here, they can change it as to the nominations I have also mentioned. And next, they can change it on legislation. The Senator from Florida has not been here long, but he is certainly an experienced man, a former Cabinet officer of this country. I know he came here a few weeks ago with an important piece of legislation. To him, it was very important because it was important, he believed, to the people of Florida. But you knew, because of Senate procedures, if we wanted to stop that with 41 votes, we could do that. It should apply to everything we do here.  I agree with my friend from Kentucky. I don't think we should be looking to pick fights and say that everybody the President sends up here has to be what we want. We know it is the President's prerogative. But for 214 years, the President consulted with the Senate on judicial nominations, and for many years the committee honored the blue slip, which ensured consultation. We know that during the last few years of the Clinton administration, Senator Hatch said: We are not going to approve anybody unless you run the names past me. That is how we came up with Ginsburg and Breyer. Orrin Hatch and the Republicans, at that time in the majority, and in the minority other times, said that they liked Breyer and Ginsburg. These nominees flew right through here. Perhaps President Clinton would have liked to have had somebody else. Maybe they were not his first choice. They got out of this body quickly.  So we had this consultation for a long period of time. We honored the blue-slip policy, which ensured consultation. I haven't yet mentioned that one of the many positive things all the political writers talk about is that the filibuster brings about compromise and consultation. You are forced to come and talk about issues, whether it is a piece of legislation the Senator from Florida is trying to get through or whether it is a nomination. I got a call from a Senator today saying: I have a hold on a Senate Cabinet officer, and I want to talk to you about it and see if you can help me work something out. It brings people together. I am confident that on an important issue for the President, we can do that.  Mr. President, I very much thank my friend from Kentucky--not only what he said, but how he said it. I hope something can be resolved here. The right to unlimited debate is something this country has had and something that is needed. I don't think we should be filibustering a lot of judges unnecessarily, but a filibuster is sometimes warranted. There may be unusual situations in the future where we will need to rely on this procedure.  I am happy to yield to my friend from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I can make it in the form of a question.  