Chairman, the Japanese attacked us at Pearl Harbor and we fought World War II. We went into Korea, we went into Vietnam, we went into Bosnia, we went into the Persian Gulf. We did not do this. We saw no need to do it, because we saw no threat from collective bargaining.  My colleagues, support the Morella amendment. I agree with her, it does mean something. It says to our employees, we understand that your collective bargaining rights do not in any way, at any time, undermine our national security, for which we all will fight and for which we will all support legislation to protect it.  I rise in favor of the Morella amendment.  Mr. Chairman, we must ensure that ``flexibility'' does not become a code word for favoritism.  Furthermore, we must ensure that ``flexibility'' does not become a euphemism for gutting federal civil servants' rights.  The federal civil service was created for a reason: to prevent arbitrary and capricious employment decisions based on politics and patronage rather than competence and professionalism.  All this amendment does is tell the employees who will be working in the new department, ``If you will be performing the same job as you do now, you will be able to retain the right to collective bargaining rights.''  There is no doubt that certain reforms to our civil service are necessary, but stripping the rights of federal employees behind the curtain of homeland security is not the right approach.  We have an opportunity to turn national tragedy into national triumph by demonstrating to the American people, particularly the generation just entering the workforce, that employment in the Federal Government is not only honorable and patriotic, but also rewarding.  There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that employees currently covered by the full force and affect of title 5 will have no adverse affect on our homeland security as it pertains to employment in this department. I support this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it.  