Chairman, there is so much chicanery in this Republican budget resolution that it would make even an Enron auditor blush.  Our Republican friends are not happy with the estimates produced by the Congressional Budget Office. They say, we will just write a budget using the administration's far rosier estimates. Did not House Republicans demand 7 years ago that the Clinton administration use CBO estimates? My, what a difference.  Nor is the GOP happy with what the 10-year budget projection would reveal: A stunning loss of $5 trillion in projected surpluses, largely due to last year's tax cut. No problem, we will just write a budget with a 5-year projection. It just disappears like magic.  Everyone in this Chamber knows that the shorter projection is an attempt to conceal the cost of making last year's tax cuts permanent, an estimated $569 billion.  This resolution includes one purposeful evasion after another. But there is one thing our Republican friends cannot hide: The fact that their budget will raid the Social Security and Medicare trust funds every year for the next 10 years, for a total of $2 trillion.  Last year, the majority leader offered these reassuring words: ``We must understand that it is inviolate to intrude against either Social Security or Medicare, and if that means foregoing, or, as it were, paying for tax cuts, then we will do just that.'' They did not. They are not. That promise has turned out to be as empty as the GOP's lockbox.  This budget resolution, Mr. Chairman, is as irresponsible and as dishonest as were the Enron financial statements. And, tragically, the consequences of its adoption could be as negative. Let us reject this resolution.  Mr. Chairman, there's so much chicanery in the Republican budget resolution that it would make even an Enron auditor blush.  Our Republican friends are not happy with the estimates produced by the Congressional Budget Office.  They say, ``We'll just write a budget using the administration's far rosier estimates.''  Didn't House Republicans demand seven years ago that the Clinton administration use CBO estimates?  Nor is the GOP happy with what a 10-year budget projection would reveal--a stunning loss of $5 trillion in projected surpluses largely due to last year's tax cut.  No problem, they say. We'll just write a budget resolution with a five-year projection.  Everyone in this chamber knows that this shorter projection is an attempt to conceal the costs of making last year's tax cut permanent--an estimated $569 billion over 10 years.  This resolution includes one purposeful evasion after another.  But there's one thing our Republican friends cannot hide: the fact that their budget will raid the Social Security and Medicare trust funds every year for the next 10 years for a total of $2 trillion.  Last year, the majority leader offered these reassuring words:  ``We must understand that it is inviolate to intrude against either Social Security or Medicare and if that means forgoing or, as it were, paying for tax cuts, then we'll do that.''  That promise turned out to be as empty as the GOP's lockbox stunt.  Mr. Chairman, this budget resolution is as irresponsible and as dishonest as were the Enron financial statements. And the consequences of its adoption could be as negative.  Let us reject it.  