Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I rise because I agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) on both counts. I had a new granddaughter on July 26 of this year. As a result, I was unable to be on the floor to participate and debate when we passed the homeland security legislation. I voted, however, and voted against it when it came up for a vote just a few weeks ago. I voted against it again for exactly the reasons that the gentleman from Wisconsin has articulated.  I believe, unfortunately, it is a false promise. It is a promise that we will affect, by passage of this legislation, security for our homeland. In fact, as the gentleman from Wisconsin has said, what we will do is divert the eyes and attention and focus of those who work in the agencies that are to be reorganized from without, from the threat from the terrorists who would harm our people and our land and divert that to their internal concerns, again, as the gentleman from Wisconsin said, as to where their desks will be located, whether they will have the corner office, whether they will be a supervisor, all of the issues that will be involved with reorganization.  I make the analogy to a family that is going to move and they are worried about packing up the boxes in their house; and their focus, of course, is on those boxes and what items go in what box. They are not looking outside their house. So that if a terrorist should come or somebody should be outside their house, they may miss because of their focus inward.  This bill, however, seeks to secure. It seeks to make our homeland more secure. And there are 435 Members of this body who are absolutely, irrevocably, and passionately committed to that objective. There is no one in this House who is not for ensuring the safety of our people and the security of our homeland. However, we are also concerned about the security of our families. We are concerned about the security of our workers. We are concerned about those 2.1 million people who are going to be put at risk as a result of the failure to pass the unemployment extension.  What we are asking the majority party to do is not unusual, as I am sure the majority leader knows. In the course of the 1982 recession, under President Reagan we extended unemployment insurance for over 30 weeks. When we again had a recession in 1991 under the first President Bush, we extended unemployment benefits for more than 30 weeks. In this recession, however, we have extended them for less than 10. That puts individuals at risk.  I understand the concerns of the gentleman from Wisconsin about objecting to the passage of this legislation because, unfortunately, we have seen in this Congress that reaching bipartisan agreement is very difficult. The Senate has sent us a bill, passed unanimously. All the Republicans, all the Democrats voted for that piece of legislation. It sits on the desk.  The majority leader makes the observation that we do not have an agreement. We could get that agreement, I suggest to the majority leader respectfully. But, furthermore, I point out to the majority leader when this House adjourns sine die tonight or today, if that is the course of action we pursue, that bill will die. It will no longer be available to us, and on December 28 the unemployment extension will end. Eight hundred thousand people will go off the rolls. I do not know exactly how many families that is. There are perhaps two people on unemployment in one family, but it is certainly hundreds of thousands of families that would be put at risk. And as the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Levin) has pointed out, 90,000 every week will be added to those rolls.  I think the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) is probably correct, and the leader is probably correct. Even if we objected, the majority has indicated it does not intend to act. So the only consequence would be the failure of this bill to pass, not the relief to those unemployed workers and their families. It would not solve their angst as they come towards Christmas nor will it solve the problem of those who will enter the new year without support.  I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would urge, in conclusion, the majority leader to reconsider. We have time. We could pass this bill in literally minutes. I cannot believe that all of us in this House do not want to secure those individuals and those families who through no fault of their own but the economic downturn that has occurred in this country have been placed in a position of having no job, no support for themselves, their families.  I would hope that the majority leader would consult with the Speaker, with the majority whip, with the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, and say to them, it is the right thing to do. We ought to pass this legislation. Our homeland needs to be secure, but our families and workers need to be secure as well.  