Chairman, I move to strike the last word, and I rise in very strong support of this amendment sponsored by the gentlewoman from California, who chairs the Congressional Black Caucus and has been an outstanding leader on behalf of the recognition of the contributions of African Americans to the history of this country.  This amendment will provide $600,000 to be spent on records administration for the Freedmen's Bureau. She has well outlined the contributions of the Freedmen's Bureau and the historical importance of maintaining the records of the Freedmen's Bureau. This was arguably one of the most significant times in the history of African Americans; and as a result, the retaining of those records, the ensuring that those records are not only preserved but are available for researchers, for academics, and for the general public, is very, very important. So I commend her on her leadership on this.  The records of the Freedmen's Bureau are quite extensive, Mr. Chairman, according to the NARA. The inventory of the records of the bureau headquarters includes about 240 record ``series'' and much more voluminous records, more than 4,400 ``series'' of the field offices of the State assistant commissioners and their subordinate officers. Many of the latter series contain unique data about the freedmen. And I might add that freedmen, of course, also means freed women.  In fiscal year 2002, the committee provided $600,000 for preservation and access activities associated with the records of the Freedmen's Bureau. This was an increase, I might add, of $450,000 over the President's request. The amendment of the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Millender-McDonald) will ensure that that same $600,000 will be spent this year to ensure that this effort is continued and enhanced. These funds will be used to help microfilm the records, assist researchers in using related documents, provide better access to record inventories, and create partnerships for developing indexes.  Mr. Chairman, I think this amendment is a very, very important amendment and will, as I say, help NARA in pursuing this project. I might add, on behalf of the leadership of NARA, they are very enthusiastic about pursuing this, and this will help them do that; and it will certainly justify the fact that they spend the resources necessary to effect the ends that the gentlewoman from California seeks and that we all seek in making sure that we know this history, which was so critically important as this country moved from a country that articulated a premise that all men and women were created equal and endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights.  Unfortunately, as Martin Luther King so dramatically and powerfully intoned, we were not living up to that promise, and the Emancipation Proclamation started us on that road. We are still not at the end of that road, and perhaps we will never get to the end of that road; but we can learn from this period of our history, and we can expand upon the promise that it made.  