Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the concurrent resolution to authorize a ceremony to present a Congressional Gold Medal to former President Ronald Reagan and to Nancy Reagan. I regret that President Reagan will not be present for that ceremony.  H.R. 3591, enacted in the last Congress as Public Law 106-251, authorized presentation of this gold medal to our 40th President and our First Lady.  Mr. Speaker, President Reagan was a strong leader, both substantively in terms of policy and symbolically in terms of the image he projected to the American people. He was a significant figure at a critical point in time in our history. Ronald Reagan was clearly an effective advocate for his views, and he retained the affection of the American people throughout his Presidency. President Reagan was skilled at representing the office of the Presidency as well as his policies. He was an individual, as the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Linder) has said, simple, unassuming, profound in some ways and a thoroughly decent human being.  I want to take this opportunity as well to salute Nancy Reagan his wife, an active First Lady and a devoted spouse both in the White House and in the difficult days since she has coped with the former President's tragic Alzheimer's disease. Nancy Reagan has been a tireless proponent of programs to prevent alcohol and drug abuse as well.  Mr. Speaker, I may disagree with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Linder) in terms of some of the policies and some of the reasons for what has happened in America. We will have those kind of differences appropriately. But what neither of us disagree on and what we both agree on is that Ronald Reagan is in fact a decent human being who cares greatly about his country, who cares about its people, who cares about freedom, and who cares about justice. He was a leader of significance, as I said earlier, a leader who made a difference, a leader who set before the world an image of freedom, a leader who was prepared to commit himself to the defense of freedom and, as a result, in my opinion, gave to those who would undermine freedom in the Kremlin and other places in the world second thoughts.  In the final analysis, I am convinced that Gorbachev, the leader of Soviet Union, looked at his people and said, Ronald Reagan, the Congress, the American people are prepared to pay the price of defending freedom and are not going to let it go by default. We cannot compete, I am sure Gorbechev said, with a President, a Congress and a people with such resolve. As a result, I think, as the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Linder) has pointed out, shortly after the Reagan Presidency, communism was certainly in retreat, the Iron Curtain came down, the Berlin Wall, which he asked to be torn down, in fact was torn down.  So although during the course of his Presidency I differed on some policies and, frankly, agreed on others, but what we all can agree on is that this was an American who served his country well, an American who gave of himself, of his philosophy, of his intellect, of his devotion to country. Americans and America and, indeed, the world benefitted by that contribution.  I am pleased, Mr. Speaker, to rise with my friend, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Linder), in support of this most appropriate use of the rotunda of the Capitol of the United States.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  