Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, we passed on suspension a bill that passed overwhelmingly that allocated $10 billion. It was subjected to 40 minutes of debate on this floor last night. We voted. There were hardly any votes in opposition.  This issue is so de minimis in terms of its dollars, any dollar is important, I understand that, but that it must be interpreted simply as either symbolic or annoying.  The gentleman from Colorado projects this as a small amount of dollars but, relatively speaking, I will tell my friend, they are a relatively large number of dollars. In fact, they are 41 percent of the discretionary dollars from which this cut would have to be made, almost half.  Now, why do I say that? Because pensions are given, salaries of those currently on board working for President Ford, President Clinton, President Bush, President Carter are not going to be cut, so that the remaining money will simply be cut from the $880,000 for all five Presidents, and Mrs. Johnson, the widow, who gets a very, very small sum and, therefore, the sum that the gentleman suggests, while yes, presumably a smaller sum of the whole, but because so much of the whole is already committed, that which remains, the discretionary dollars from which it is cut, it is a 41 percent cut.  Now, Mr. Chairman, there are more Republican former Presidents, but let me tell my colleagues one that I speak to most frequently, interestingly enough, not a Democrat, but a Republican, for whom I have great respect and unlimited affection, and that is President Gerald Ford, who has used his resources, his position, his experience, his wisdom in a very positive way, as has President Carter, and as have all of the other Presidents. I will tell my colleagues that President Ford believes these kinds of amendments are, in effect, simply scratching former Presidents, as if somehow they are a problem fiscally for the country. Indeed, I look at them as just the opposite: a great resource for this country, that we spend some $3.3 million on, to allow them to be effective in their role, unique role, as former Presidents.  So I would ask my colleagues to review this amendment in the terms of, A, it is a relatively small amount of money in the context of the dollars that we are talking about, even in this relatively small bill, but a significant sum in undermining the ability of former Presidents to travel and, frankly, when they travel on the private sector, my colleagues must understand, they travel at private sector expense, not a public expense, not at taxpayer expense.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  