 Being a Secret Service employee is special. It is a job that requires a very special kind of person, a person that would be held to a higher standard than others, and a person who we depend upon to protect our Nation's leaders, our communities, and our Nation's financial systems.  On September 11, the images of heroes that we all remember were of first responders, like firefighters and New York City Police Department officers. Within the masses, however, were special people that we may not have noticed, and some were the men and women of the Secret Service.  The Secret Service field office, as has been said, was located at Number 7 World Trade Center, which was adjacent to the north and south towers. For the second time since the World Trade bombing in 1993, these men and women faced unusual challenges that tested their courage, strength, dedication, and loyalty.  On September 11, like any other morning, most of the Secret Service employees were either settling into their offices or still making their way to work. Others were about to attend meetings to prepare for the upcoming meeting of the United Nations General Assembly. At 8:48 a.m. their offices in Building 7 shook and the lights flickered. Most of them stopped for a quick moment but quickly returned to their work.  However, after realizing that a plane had hit the north tower of the World Trade Center, they very quickly went into an alert mode. Although most other tenants started to evacuate the building, the men and women of the Secret Service instinctively grabbed first aid trauma kits and other emergency equipment.  Special Agent in Charge, Steve Carey, and other managers ran from one floor to another, and room to room, to ensure that everyone was moving to safety. Once outside, they saw the sky engulfed by flames and smoke. Some of the agents ran into the north tower to assist in the evacuation process. Others began to execute the emergency medical skills that they had been trained to perform and set up small triage units on West Street to assist the injured.  Tragically, as the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. Otter) has said, the Secret Service lost an employee, Master Special Officer Craig Miller. Officer Miller was on a temporary assignment in New York for the United Nations General Assembly and was nearby at the Marriott Hotel when the first plane hit the World Trade Center. Although the hotel was evacuated, it appears that Officer Miller stayed behind to help.  Because of his military background and extensive emergency medical training, those who knew Officer Miller believe his life was taken while trying to assist the wounded. In fact, some of the medical equipment was later found in the lobby of the Marriott Hotel that that particular officer had in his possession.  Following September 11, the employees at the New York field office knew that the hours and days ahead would be equally challenging. Not only were they now without an office, but all of their equipment, all of their equipment was destroyed with their building. However, with strong support of other Secret Service offices within the region and around the country, and other law enforcement assistance, they returned to a readiness mode in 48 hours, as the ranking member has indicated, an extraordinary achievement in and of itself. In fact, within 48 hours of the attack, the Secret Service Electronic Crimes Task Force was able to track the cell phone use of some of the terrorists involved in the attack.  The men and women of the U.S. Secret Service have devoted, Madam Speaker, their careers to protecting the lives of others, to protecting the financial integrity of our Nation, to protecting the integrity of our currency. Their level of bravery was no real surprise. Their courageous efforts were simply an extension of what they had been trained to perform at any given minute. They are deserving of this honor and always worthy of trust and confidence.  Madam Speaker, Franklin Delano Roosevelt said that ``the lives of nations are determined not by the count of years but by the lifetime of the human spirit. The life of a man,'' he said, ``is three score and ten, a little more or a little less, but the life of a Nation is the fullness of its will to live.'' How special are these agents that we call Secret Service, how special are these people who themselves represent the fullness of the will of a Nation to live and to succeed.  These patriots, Madam Speaker, these proud Americans demonstrated that even under attack, the Nation stands strong; the human spirit remains unbowed. I rise in strong support of this resolution and thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Istook), who was responsible in many respects for its introduction; and I thank the members of the committee for quickly processing this resolution which the gentleman from Oklahoma and I and others will personally deliver to themen and women of the Secret Service located in New York next week.  