Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time, and I want to congratulate our chairman, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) who everybody knows I feel very highly, about one of the fairest chairman I have ever served under, and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), one of the most able Members I have served with.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the conference report and want to highlight funding in two critical areas. First, this supplemental appropriations bill gives us $400 million reasons to complete our work on election reform as soon as possible. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), the gentleman from Illinois (Speaker Hastert), and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) were critically important in making sure this money stayed in this bill.  Appropriators from both sides of the aisle on both sides of the Capitol have done their job. They recognize that we must upgrade our election systems. They recognize that the disenfranchisement of an estimated 6 million voters in November 2000 offends our democratic values, and they recognize that real reform costs money.  Now we must finish the job and pass the election reform conference report that authorizes the expenditure of the funding. Election reform conferees are making progress in resolving the differences between the House and the Senate bills, and I hope this supplemental appropriation bill and the $400 million it provides for election reform adds urgency to our negotiations. We must not delay.  Secondly, I want to note the $150 million that is provided for the Fire Grant Program through FEMA, bringing the fiscal year 2002 total to $510 million. I note that some $3 billion-plus had been requested by local fire services and emergency responders throughout the Nation, but this is a significant step forward. Every day we ask our firefighters to risk their lives to protect our homes, our businesses and our children. With this additional funding, Mr. Speaker, we say to them we recognize and appreciate their sacrifice and want to ensure they can do their jobs as safely and effectively as possible.  