Speaker, under my reservation of objection, I certainly join the chairman of the Committee on House Administration in strong support of this funding resolution, which I think is appropriate, and I congratulate both the chairman and the ranking member, as well as the other body for the process that they have adopted to proceed on this matter, which I think will be efficient and effective.  Mr. Goss. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strongest possible support for the passage of this resolution, which will provide urgently needed funds to support an unprecedented bipartisan and bicameral inquiry. This joint congressional inquiry, involving the Members and staff of both the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, has several critical tasks: first, to review the events and the actions of our Government leading up to the terrorist attacks of last September; second, to ascertain accountability within our Government for the management of counterterrorist and homeland security functions, focusing specifically on our intelligence mechanisms; and third, to ensure that our Government is properly informed and prepared with accurate and timely intelligence to stop current and future terrorist attacks against our Nation and our people.  This joint inquiry is being handled on an urgent basis by the leadership of both parties in both Houses and with the full cooperation of the relevant agencies of the executive branch. This inquiry is critically important to enhancing our Nation's security against the threat posed by global terrorism and to strengthening public confidence that our intelligence and law enforcement agencies are fully prepared to defuse the terrorist threats that now confront our Nation.  I want to thank the Ranking Member for her participation and her counsel in structuring the joint inquiry with the other body. I also want to express my sincere appreciation to Chairman Ney and Mr. Hoyer of the House Administration Committee for their close cooperation and advice in moving the joint inquiry forward on an expedited basis.  