Speaker, for the past ten years, I have sponsored a resolution for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby to hold its race along Constitution Avenue.  Once again, I am proud to have sponsored H. Con. Res. 356 to permit the 65th race of the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. It is scheduled to take place on the Capitol grounds on Saturday, June 22, 2002.  This resolution authorizes the Architect of the Capitol, the Capitol Police Board, and the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby Association to negotiate the necessary arrangements for conducting the race in complete compliance with the rules and regulations governing the use of the Capitol grounds.  I request my colleagues to join with me, and other co-sponsors including representative Jim Moran, Connie Morella, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Frank Wolf, and Albert Wynn in supporting this resolution.  The Soap Box Derby has been in the Washington, D.C., area since 1992. It has attracted over 50 contestants each year. The participants range from ages 9 to 16.  The participants work very hard to prepare for the local Soap Box Derby. They are given an opportunity to learn basic skills of workmanship. They build their own race cars from a kit provided by the All-American Soap Box Derby Program. The participants are able to enhance their building skills to create a basic style car.  Winners of three levels of the local race become eligible to compete in the National Soap Box Derby races held in Akron, Ohio. Prior to the National races, they attend a week of camp in ``Derbytown'' where they make lasting friendships while participating in a variety of sporting activities. The National races are held in August and give the participants a chance to win scholarships and merchandise prizes.  Mr. Speaker, this even has been called ``The Greatest Amateur Racing Event in the World''. This is a wonderful opportunity for our children from the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia to venture into the world of science, while experiencing the spirit of competition.  