Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me the time. I want to speak on the substance, but I want to spend 30 seconds on the process.  I want to tell those of my colleagues who were not here prior to 1994 that their side of the aisle was regularly outraged at procedures that were pursued, none of which were as egregious as some of the process that we are confronted with. I do not believe this is a process that anybody on the Committee on Appropriations would sanction, on either side of the aisle. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings) is absolutely correct, and I join him in those comments.  Mr. Speaker, I will be the first to admit this House can point to real legislative accomplishments this week. We considered our most solemn duty, a resolution authorizing our Commander-in-Chief to use our Armed Forces. We finally passed two appropriations conference reports; two down, 11 to go. We will soon take up landmark election reform legislation, the Help America Vote Act of 2002.  But, Mr. Speaker, one week does not a session make.  There is little doubt that the preceding 5 weeks were anything but an evasion of leadership and responsibility. While we bobbed and weaved, the American people took it on the chin again and again and again.  The unemployment rate showed a tiny reduction from 5.7 to 5.6 percent from August to September, but it still was far above the rate of 3.9 percent in October, 2000.  There are 8.1 million unemployed Americans today, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, an increase of 2\1/2\ million Americans from just 2 years ago.  The year before President Bush took office, the economy created 1.7 million new jobs. Since January of 2001, we have lost 1.5 million jobs.  The poverty rate increased for the first time in 8 years in 2001. In the first year of the Bush administration, 1.3 million Americans slipped back into poverty, with 32.9 million now living in poverty and this the richest nation on the face of the earth.  The median household income fell 2.2 percent in 2001, after increasing every year since 1992. More than 400,000 bankruptcies were filed in the second quarter of this year, an all-time high. In the same quarter, 1.23 percent of home loans were in foreclosure, a record high, but that is not all.  The number of Americans without health insurance increased by 1.4 million people from the end of 2000 to the end of 2001. Health insurance costs increased 12.7 percent in 2002, the largest annual increase since 1990. Prescription drug prices increased by nearly twice the rate of inflation in 2001. And then, of course, as all of us know, the stock market has lost $4.5 trillion in value between January, 2001, and September, 2002.  But the topper, the most egregious statistic for which we have a large share of the responsibility, has been the historic reversal of the Federal budget.  The $86.6 billion surplus inherited by this administration, excluding Social Security, that President Bush inherited has turned into a $314 billion deficit, almost half a trillion dollars; and the only medicine the Republican party's economic gurus can prescribe is this--cut taxes.  As we consider this continuing resolution, I urge the American people to ask themselves Ronald Reagan's famous question: Are we better off today than we were 2 years ago? The answer tragically and unfortunately is we are not.  