Becerra), for yielding me this time; I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Weller) for facilitating the movement of this resolution to the floor in a timely fashion. And I say to Chairman Istook, I am pleased to join with him in the sponsorship of this resolution.  Madam Speaker, the United States Customs Service has a long and proud history that dates back over 200 years. It was at its outset, of course, our principal funding agency. It is now one of our principal trade facilitation agencies and law enforcement agencies. To most of us, they are the men and women in blue uniform that process us through international ports of entry. But they do so very much more. With nearly 20,000 employees, the Customs Service collects $22 billion in revenue each year, it prohibits illegal drugs from crossing our borders, it enforces against illegal trade practices, and prevents individuals with destructive intentions from entering our country, as the gentleman from California (Mr. Becerra) has cited in his own remarks.  The men and women of the Customs Service are truly on the front line in the war on terrorism. Madam Speaker, the President has correctly said that we ought to recognize those on the front line, in Afghanistan, in Bosnia, in so many other parts of the world; but these men and women are as truly on the front line as those in the services of our Armed Forces. These men and women are in some respects the first line of defense against terrorism coming in from without.  Madam Speaker, I join in the strong support of this resolution to honor the men and women of the United States Customs Service who worked in World Trade Center 6 adjacent to the North Tower. Building 6, World Trade Center, which housed 760 Customs employees, stood only 40 feet from Tower One. Shortly after the collapse of the North and South Towers, the fire proved too much for Building 6, which suffered a devastating internal collapse. By the grace of God and by the exercise of diligence and courage and energy, all 760 employees who worked in that facility escaped the wreckage without injury.  In the wake of such tragedy, these employees were resolute and determined not to let such a despicable and cowardly act of terrorism deter them from protecting our Nation. Since September 11, these employees have worked around the clock to reestablish their physical presence and have played a key role in the Federal Government's investigation of the terrorist acts that occurred on September 11. Customs employees in New York have also played a major role in the volunteer effort to sift through the rubble at Ground Zero and at the Staten Island placement site. The Customs team worked around the clock, through the holidays, through the cold winter weather, all for the purposes of finding some sign of life. Even after the canine teams stopped searching, the Customs employees continued their search, their quest in their hope to find maybe just one, maybe two, maybe more. They knew that the people who lost their lives at the World Trade Center, as they did, had children, had homes, had hopes for their own futures.  To Customs volunteers like Joseph Gloria, Louis Boehner, Stephen Cook, Jack Russo, and Richard Tursi, whospent so many days and nights searching through heaps and piles of dirt for personal effects of those who lost their lives so that loved ones might have them to remember them by, you are American heroes, as are the 194 other Customs volunteers who devoted their time. America will not forget you. As it will not forget the firefighters and the police who lost their lives that day, we will not forget your efforts that day or every day as you protect America, our commerce, our health, our safety.  Madam Speaker, I also want to mention Joe Webber, who is the special agent in charge of the Customs office in New York. For over 2\1/2\ years, the Customs Service has been investigating a Colombian money laundering scheme called Operation Wire Cutter which involved the illegal exchange of drug-based dollars into pesos in Colombia. Following the September 11 attacks, it appeared that 2\1/2\ years of investigative material was lost and that that investigation was for naught because the evidence compiled and housed in 6 World Trade Center was not available. Mr. Webber, however, kept the faith. He still thought there was a chance to retrieve the information. A month after the attacks, he convinced fire officials to lower him into the wreckage of World Trade Center 6 to search for the evidence. Fortunately, yes, perhaps miraculously, as the gentleman from California (Mr. Becerra) said, Mr. Webber was able to find that evidence which led to the seizure of $8 million and the arrest of several individuals involved in this scheme. The terrorists had lost.  Mr. Webber, we thank you for your determination. You once again proved that terrorism will not, did not, must not defeat our resolve. To all of the Customs employees who worked in World Trade Center 6, we honor you today. We will be there to honor you again next week, but it is significant that 535 of your fellow citizens, sent here by 287 million Americans to represent our country, stand united in thanking you, in honoring you, in respecting you for your service, your hard work, your compassion, your determination. Our Nation owes you a debt of gratitude for the leadership and commitment you showed during a time when our Nation was most vulnerable.  Our national anthem says that we are the land of the free. We are the land of the free because we are the home of the brave and these are some of those brave.  