Chairman, if this were campaign finance reform, the gentleman from Connecticut would have a sheet in our hands saying this amendment is a poison pill designed to undermine the Morella amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a wolf in sheep's clothing. It tries to send a reassuring message to Federal employees that their rights will be protected and their collective bargaining rights retained. I want to tell our Federal employees: Do not believe it. This language provides the President with a trap door to deny union representation to anyone in this Department if he determines that it would have a substantial adverse effect on the Department's ability to protect homeland security.  In general, that is the law. Why add this? To provide the trap door to the Morella amendment. When the President removed collective bargaining rights of some 500 Department of Justice employees earlier this year, he said it was in the interest of national security. Yet most of those employees work in clerical jobs and have been union members for over 20 years.  Last month I had the opportunity to question the deputy director of the Office of Personnel Management and I asked him in the last 20 years, in the last 50 years, could he cite me one or two or three instances where union membership ever in any instance at any time adversely affected national security? I got back a two-page letter with 11 pages of attachments. It does not cite one single incident where union membership had any adverse effect on collective bargaining.  Mr. Chairman, this is a windmill that the Republicans are tilting at because they do not believe in collective bargaining. That is their right, but do not be fooled. This amendment undermines and is designed to undermine, I tell my friend from Connecticut, like a poison pill, the effect of the Morella amendment. Do not tell my Federal employees, do not tell the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella) that this is some benign offering simply to make it a little better and to give the President a little more flexibility.  Mr. Chairman, I say to my colleagues, read the law. The President has that ability now, and the OPM sent me 11 pages of attachments citing instances where every President, admittedly in small instances, because this is not a problem, made such exemption.  Mr. Chairman, I say to my friends and my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, give the gentlewoman a fair shot. Do not play legislative games with her. Vote the Shays amendment down and then vote for the Morella amendment.  