Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Con. Res. 439, which pays tribute to my friend, Corinne ``Lindy'' Claiborne Boggs, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the founding of the Congressional Women's Caucus.  Lindy Boggs is an outstanding individual whose service in the U.S. House of Representatives has made a lasting and positive contribution to this great institution. Her dedication to public service, especially in improving the lives of women, children and the underprivileged, has touched the lives of many--and is a testimony to her impeccable character.  I had the distinct honor of serving on the Appropriations Committee with Lindy after I was elected to Congress--and I can truly say she is one of the most proactive and effective Members I have had the privilege of serving with in Congress.  Lindy's remarkable career is one of many firsts. In 1973, she became the first women elected to the United States House of Representatives from Louisiana. And by the end of her tenure in 1991, she became the longest serving Congresswoman from the South.  Lindy was the first woman to chair a national political convention, leading the Democratic convention of 1976 that nominated President Jimmy Carter.  Her dedication to the advancement of women led her to help found the Congressional Women's Caucus in 1977, which is still active today as an instrumental bipartisan force in Congress that promotes key legislation to advance the rights of women.  She was a leader in creating the Select Committee on Children, Youth and Families, and chaired the Crisis Intervention Task Force.  Since retiring from Congress, Lindy served as United States Ambassador to the Holy See from 1997-2001. Her life long dedication to public service exemplifies the devotion, integrity and leadership that have characterized her personal, family and political lives through the years.  I am proud to stand with my colleagues in support of H. Con. Res. 439, in tribute to Lindy Boggs. Her valuable contributions in Congress and her fierce advocacy of women's rights are an inspiration to all of us.  