Chairman, I rise in very strong support of this amendment.  The gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions) makes a good point. All of us want the government managed so that we save taxpayers' dollars and we effect the ends that this Congress wants effected on behalf of the American people. This is not a partisan amendment. This is not a union amendment, let me say. I want to read you two quotes that I hope Members listen to.  One is from David Walker, the Comptroller General of the United States. By the way, he is not a Democrat, as you probably know. In considering this issue, and the issue is simply whether or not you set numerical, and that is the key, ``numerical,'' that is the word in this amendment, and, yes, I have read the amendment, numerical, because once you set the numerical, then you in effect say either you have to or you in fact have an expectation that you will get to X percentage, irrespective of whether the competition and the analysis shows you save money. Irrespective of that. That is the problem with the policy that the President is pursuing through OMB.  Now, what does the Comptroller General, a Republican, the head of GAO, the head of overlooking efficiency and effectiveness in government, say? ``It is inappropriate to have quantitative targets in the area of competitive sourcing.'' The Comptroller General. He disagrees with your proposition, therefore. He disagrees with the President's proposition. Why? Because it isnot an effective and efficient way to accomplish the objective that all of us share.  Secondly, not a partisan politician, Paul Light, respected overseer of the Brookings Institution view of public employment, says this: ``The Bush administration should show that it means business by imposing a moratorium on its competition initiative which has a,'' listen to this, ``ready-fire-aim quality, and think more systemically about what the Federal Government needs to do its job.''  That is what the Moran amendment says.  Support the Moran amendment. Reject arbitrary and capricious management by numbers.  