Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, I took the time in opposition, but I am not going to oppose this amendment. Number one, it is my understanding with the chairman, pursuant to the colloquy, this amendment will not be affected as it now reads by the conference committee. Why? Because we want to make sure that the program does not go dark, I say tangentially, notwithstanding the fact that Mr. Walters says it is a program that has not worked, or recently has not worked, and he was, of course, an opponent of the program when it initially was adopted. That aside, let me say that one of the reasons I will not oppose it is because I believe the premise of the amendment is a premise that we all can share.  The distinguished gentleman from Maryland already mentioned this, but I think it bears mentioning again, not solely for political purposes, although obviously it is a high-visibility item, but also because this company is seeking to do business with the drug mediaprogram. I mention Halliburton because it is a high-visibility company. Obviously the Vice President had some dealings with it. But it falls into the Ogilvy category. It is a company that has profited and continues to profit enormously from multiple contracts with the Department of Defense.  In February of this year, Halliburton subsidiary KBR reached a $2 million settlement, very similar to the Ogilvy settlement, with the government amid criminal allegations of fraud, false claims and false statements. KBR was subsequently, notwithstanding that, awarded a 10-year unlimited cost contract with the Army. There were no amendments to preclude that.  But the principle that the gentleman from Georgia puts before us is a very valid principle, and the principle is, if you want to do business with the government, play by the rules. We had an amendment on this floor that the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) fought very strongly for that said if you want to abscond, if you want to dodge American taxes and dodge your responsibility and go overseas, to Bermuda or someplace else, then hey, we're not going to contract with you, we're not going to give you millions, tens of millions and hundreds of millions in contracts.  That is essentially the proposition that this amendment puts forward. I think it is a proposition frankly that the other body has sympathy with on both sides of the aisle. I do not think this is a partisan issue. I think the gentleman from Georgia is absolutely correct on that. Therefore, I have discussed this with the chairman, I think the chairman and I are in agreement, A, we are going to make sure that this program does not go dark. It may need to be made to operate more effectively and better so that it has the impact.  We have spent a lot of money on it although we have cut the money, as you know, that was originally asked for by the President by some $10 million, but this is an important program. But we want to make sure that this program is conducted in a fashion that all of us can have faith and trust and is not advantaging those who have undermined their responsibility to deal fairly with the government and deal fairly and legally with others.  In that context, Mr. Chairman, I will not object to this amendment, would hope that we could adopt it by a voice vote and then, working with the gentleman from Georgia and others, we will work in the conference to come to a conclusion that I think will stand for the proposition that this amendment stands for, and at the same time, protect the program that all of us feel is an important one.  