Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  We come now to the end of this debate. It has been a short debate, too short a debate; but it has been a long road from November 2000 to today. It was a road taken by many people.  Paul Vinovich, the chief counsel of our committee, Chet Kalis, who has done an extraordinary job on this bill and was one of the anchors, in my opinion, as we worked through this bill. Roman Buehler, who had strong contributions to this bill and a great knowledge that he brought to the consideration of this bill. Pat Leahy, who did an extraordinary job himself. Matt Petersen, Maria Robinson, Keith Abouchar, Dr. Abouchar, of my staff, who from the very first of this bill has worked daily on its provisions. Len Shambon, Bill Cable, Matt Pinkus, Noah Wofsy, Bob Bean, Neil Volz, who are no longer with us; and Beth Stein, who now works in the Senate.  All of these staffers have played an extraordinary role.  Mr. Speaker, I acknowledged earlier the Speaker of the House. I want to acknowledge the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), who was steadfast in his support of this process and whose help was absolutely critical to the final product and who met with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and me when we requested him to do so to discuss how we could move this bill forward.  And then, Mr. Speaker, let me say to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), who is on the floor here today, that the gentleman from the State of Florida, the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, my dear and close friend, one of the giants of this institution, his commitment to funding this legislation was and is absolutely critical. He and the Speaker have been extraordinarily supportive. And now we come to a challenge to get the $2 billion that we are going to need for this year and the $1 billion after that and the $1 billion after that to ensure that this is not an empty promise.  Mr. Speaker, there are two bills I think that when I end my career I will look back on as being the most important bills in which I was involved: one that I had the privilege of sponsoring, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and this bill I have had the privilege of cosponsoring with my friend, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney).  There was an article in the paper just a few days ago talking about the gentleman from Ohio and me and our relationship and how we worked together in a nonpartisan fashion. Not in a bipartisan fashion, but in a nonpolitical, nonpartisan fashion, knowing full well that Americans expect us to work together to make sure this institution works as well as it possibly can, with fairness to all 435 Members. I am blessed by the fact that the gentleman from Ohio is committed to that objective and he runs an open, fair, and effective committee. I am pleased and honored to be his colleague.  I want to say as well that I am honored to have served in this House that has come to this day in a bipartisan fashion. When the roll is called, we are going to see the overwhelming majority of Republicans and the overwhelming majority of Democrats vote to ensure that every American not only has the right to vote but will be assured that this greatest of democracies will ensure that every individual, high or low, black or white, rich or poor, will be assured that their vote will count.  