Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to respond to my friend, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula). I agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) is a friend of education. Also, he is the chairman of our subcommittee.  What I think most of us feel on the Committee on Appropriations is our Republican colleagues on the Committee on Appropriations want positive investment in our country. They are not the problem, but the leadership of the Republican Party is the problem. Frankly, the chairman of the Committee on the Budget this year and in past years is the problem.  Now, let me tell my friend, the gentleman from Ohio, about education. The irony is that my friend, the gentleman from Ohio, would stand and say, look what we have done since 1995 on education. What we have done on education is, under the leadership of Bill Clinton, he said, I am not going to sign bills that underfund education.  What were those bills? Let me read them to the Members so in the future the Members will know, because I know if the gentleman knew this, he probably would not have made this representation.  The Republican bill offered to this House in 1996 was $5 billion under the President's request. That did not end up that way.  In 1997, the Republican bill offered $2.8 billion under the President.  In 1998, it was a Presidential election year. The Republican leadership, wanting to elect its own, came in with a bipartisan bill. It was just $191 million under the President. However, in thenext year, it was over half a billion dollars over the President.  In the year 2000, the Republican bill was $1.4 billion under the President; and in 2001, it was $2.9 billion under the President. By the way, the bills were not as harsh as the budget.  So, Mr. Speaker, yes, over the last 8 years we have been generous to education, and we have in fact said not only are we rhetorically going to leave no child behind, but we are going to fund programs to seek that end.  The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) put up a chart here, it is now over there, but essentially it shows 15 years of activities of the Committee on Appropriations, and more importantly, the House committee, in passing appropriation bills.  Over those 15 years, we have averaged 12.2 bills passed before the end of the fiscal year. That is a 93 percent average. That is an A. This year, we are at 38 percent. That is a miserable failure; not the responsibility of the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations or the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) or the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis) or others who chair the appropriations subcommittees, but it is the fault of a divisive leadership that wants to talk about being for programs but does not want to fund those programs; not only that, does not want to debate them on this floor.  This month of September we have not considered one appropriation bill on this floor, notwithstanding the fact that September 30 is at the door.  I, like the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), will vote for this continuing resolution, but like the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), I will also call to account those who put us in a position of being unable to debate the priorities of this Nation on this floor.  Like the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), I do not want my patriotism or concern for the security of this Nation to be called into question by this President, who is our leader and who ought to bring us together, not drive us apart.  