Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, let us be thankful that the millions of American children who just started the new school year have better things to do than to watch proceedings on the House floor, because if they were, they would be learning some terrible lessons from the Republican leadership.  Lesson 1: 2 plus 2 equals 3. That is what we call the GOP's ``fuzzy'' math. And that is what enabled our Republican friends to enact enormous tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans while still pretending that they are committed to a balanced budget, deficit reduction and priorities like education.  Lesson 2: Say one thing, do another. Our Republican friends have voted 7 times over the last 3 years to put our Social Security surpluses in a so-called lockbox, and then they have turned right around and passed a budget that raids those surpluses to the tune of $2 trillion.  Lesson 3: Do not do homework because, as this Republican leadership has demonstrated, we do not even need to worry about completing the basics.  While our Republican friends act like they are on a permanent summer vacation, the truth is they simply have become congressional truants. On this, the third day of the new fiscal year, this House has failed to complete work on even 1 of the 13 appropriations bills.  Since Members returned from the August district work period, we have not considered one spending bill on the floor of this House. Not one. Rather than bring up the energy and water bill, we are loading up the suspension calendar. Rather than consider the foreign operations bill, we are spending time on sense of House resolutions. Rather than doing the work that the American people expect to be done, we are in session for only 3 days again this week.  While we dither, the American people suffer the consequences, and our economy is tanking. A real Patients' Bill of Rights, stalled by the GOP leadership. A real prescription drug benefit for seniors under Medicare, blocked by the GOP leadership. Pension reform that protects workers and legislation to eliminate offshore corporate tax havens, disregarded by the GOP leadership. An increase in the minimum wage and an extension of the unemployment insurance benefits, a critical step that we ought to be taking, ignored by the GOP leadership.  Mr. Speaker, this leadership would even undo important bipartisan legislation that we have already passed. After all the fanfare about the No Child Left Behind Act, our Republican friends would slash spending on the act's programs by $90 million, and they call for the smallest increase in education spending in 7 years.  Today, as we pass this second continuing resolution, let us be thankful that America's children are hard at work at school doing what is expected of them, because we are not. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of us.  Mr. Speaker, I see the gentleman from California on the floor, and with the last remaining seconds I have, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) may speak. The gentleman will come up here and say, ``Look at what the Democrats did.''  Mr. Speaker, I came here in 1981. For the next 6 years with a Republican President and a Republican United States Senate, we ran up the largest deficits in the history of America. From 1993, under Bill Clinton, until the time he left, for 8 straight years we brought the deficit down and came into surplus. We have now squandered that $5.6 trillion, and we are down to zero, and the economy is hurting. Let us do better.  