Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) for yielding me this time, and for her leadership. She has been extraordinary since November 2000 working on this issue. I also want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson), the chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus. I also want to thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin) who has done such yeoman work on this bill, along with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), who has been very responsible for the disabilities provision in this bill.  Mr. Speaker, let me begin by recognizing the outstanding leadership of the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters,) whom I mentioned, who has tirelessly championed the cause of election reform, as has the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings), the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson). As chairwoman of the Democratic Caucus Special Committee on Election Reform, of which I was a member, the gentlewoman from California held hearings all over this country to learn what ails our election system. Many of the recommendations of her committee are included in the bill that was drafted.  As last week's primary in Florida confirms, the problems of the 2000 election will not go away until the Congress and the States enact meaningful national standards and offer States and local authorities the resources to improve their election infrastructure.  Mr. Speaker, I have said a lot of people worked hard on this legislation, and they have. But frankly, thanks in large measure to my indefatigable colleague from Ohio, we have made the progress that we have. We are closer than ever to enacting the most comprehensive package of voting reforms since the Voting Rights Act of 1965.  The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) has been an unwavering advocate of reform, a strong proponent of the provisions that he believes are important to be in this bill; and frankly, expressing concerns about those provisions he thinks ought not be in the bill, but always focused on passing legislation that will assist the States and assist our voters in making our democracy even more perfect.  He has been an advocate of reform that will require States to offer provisional ballots to all voters whose registration, for one reason or another, is not properly included on the rolls; reform that will require States to maintain statewide computerized registration lists to ensure the most accurate, up-to-date rolls and minimize the number of voters who are incorrectly removed from voters' rolls; reforms that will reward States for retiring obsolete voting machines, especially the notorious punch card machines and their dangling chads, that prompted this Congress to act in the first place. And I might add that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and others have brought to our attention as well the problems that the lever machines cause because of the unavailability of parts to repair those particular machines.  This bill includes reforms that require voting systems to be accessible for individuals with disabilities, a cause that the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin) has beenuntiring in advocating to ensure all Americans, irrespective of disabilities, have access to the polling place, have a technology that they can use, and can cast their vote in secret. We thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin) for his outstanding leadership.  I want to say that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) has been particularly focused on including nonvisual accessibility to the blind and visually impaired to allow them to vote privately and independently, and reforms that allow voters to review and correct their ballots before they are cast. I call that second chance voting. It is a critically important component of our bill because it will tell the voter that they voted for too many people, they did not vote for this position or that position, do you want to? So that the voter, when they leave the polling place, will have confidence that they have cast correctly a ballot which will reflect their views.  This bill includes reforms that do not weaken any existing voting rights laws and includes meaningful enforcement and ensures that every vote counts.  Mr. Speaker, this motion made by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) is intended to ensure that we on the conference committee complete our work prior to October 1, 2002. Our chairman supports that motion, and given the progress the conference committee has made in the past 7 days, I am optimistic that we will meet that deadline.  All of us have one person in this House to thank for that process, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney). Frankly, without the gentleman's leadership and his chairmanship of this committee, we would not be as far along as we are.  At the urging of the chairman of the Committee on House Administration, as well as the distinguished gentleman from Connecticut, Senator Dodd, Members will be happy to know that the principal conference members and their staffs have been meeting diligently long hours to resolve the outstanding issues that remain.  Frankly, Mr. Speaker, at the beginning everyone sort of circled everyone; but I can assure Members there was honest, open, positive discussion occurring.  Motions to instruct are often intended to urge conference members to head in directions they may not want. This motion directs us to move in a direction we want to move. I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters) for her leadership and for this motion. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) for his commitment to the passage of this legislation. America will be a better place for this legislation having been adopted.  