Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.  Twenty-three months ago, uncertainty gripped our great democracy. The United States of America, the wealthiest and most technologically advanced Nation in the world had failed, in my opinion, its most basic election duty: the duty to count every citizen's vote and count it accurately.  The votes of an estimated 4 million to 6 million Americans went uncounted in November of 2000. This national disgrace cried out for comprehensive Federal reform. Thus, I am proud today to strongly support the historic, bipartisan conference report before us, the first Civil Rights Act of the 21st century.  The Help America Vote Act of 2002 is the most comprehensive package of voting reforms since enactment of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. The conference report authorizes unprecedented Federal assistance: $3.9 billion over 3 years to help States improve and upgrade every aspect of their election systems. This funding will replace outdated voting equipment, train poll workers, educate voters, upgrade voter lists, and make polling places accessible for the disabled.  Furthermore, this legislation prescribes an array of new voting rights and responsibilities. States will now be required to provide provisional balance to ensure no voter is turned away at the polls. It requires that we give voters the opportunity to check for and correct ballot errors. It provides at least one voting machine per precinct that allows disabled voters, including those with visual impairments, to vote privately and independently; and it provides for an implementation of a computerized statewide voter registration database to ensure accurate lists.  In addition, the conference report will require States to set standards for counting ballots and to define what constitutes a vote. To ensure the integrity of our election system, first-time voters who register by mail will be required to produce some form of identification and States will be obligated to maintain accurate voting registration lists.  This legislation, Mr. Speaker, also establishes a bipartisan 4-member elections assistance commission which will issue voluntary guidelines regardingvoting systems, administer grants, and study election issues. To ensure compliance, the conference report requires States to set up administrative grievance procedures. The U.S. Department of Justice will also be responsible for Federal enforcement.  Finally, let me remind my colleagues that passage of this conference report does not finish the journey. We now have, in my opinion, Mr. Speaker, a moral opportunity to ensure that this authorization is fully funded. I urge my colleagues to support this conference report. It will strengthen the foundation of democracy and shore up public confidence in this most basic expression of American citizenship, the right to vote and to have one's vote counted.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  