Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, today on this serious and most sensitive issue, the Republican leadership has turned the people's House into nothing more than a poser's House, posing for holy pictures, as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) would have us say. The world's greatest deliberative body will not engage in democratic debate today. It will engage in a contrived, cynical charade.  In 1994 after the GOP majority captured the House, Gerald Solomon, the former Republican chairman of the Committee on Rules stated, ``The guiding principles will be openness and fairness.'' He was referring to the guiding principles of the Committee on Rules. He went on to say, ``The Rules Committee will no longer rig the procedure to contrive a predetermined outcome.'' ``From now on,'' Mr. Solomon went on, ``the Rules Committee will clear the stage for debate, and let the House work its will.''  I do not know how genuine was Mr. Solomon's conviction when he made those comments, but I presume that they were sincere. But the practice has been the opposite. Today's debate will not be open. It will not be fair. And it will not be a serious attempt to legislate. The rule ensures a rigged procedure to contrive a predetermined outcome, the very process the Republican Party derided when it regained the majority.  If the Republican leadership was really committed to fair and open debate, it would permit the Members to vote on the bipartisan Late Term Abortion Restriction Act which I and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood), my Republican colleague, introduced last year and a number of years previous to that.  But the Committee on Rules has denied us that opportunity four times since 1995. Let Members be clear, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act will not prevent a single abortion. Let me repeat that. The bill before us and on this floor reported out of the Committee on the Judiciary will not prevent a single abortion. Not one.  And the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), who just spoke, testified to that fact when she said this procedure was not necessary and medical experts have said there are other methods to terminate the pregnancy. In other words, the issue here in this bill that is proposed by the Republican majority is not about preventing abortion, it is about a procedure.  I have asked those who are for this bill if this procedure were worse than others that are used to terminate a pregnancy. Is there anyone here who doubts the answer to that question is a clear and resounding ``no.''  The bill that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood) and I introduced and which we asked to have made in order would have precluded all post-viability abortions because I believe the majority of us in this House believe that postviability abortion ought not to be by choice, but we do what the Supreme Court mandates we do and in my opinion is appropriate to do, and that is to provide for an exception so that the life of the mother might be saved if in the medical judgment such a procedure is necessary to accomplish that objective.  Furthermore, as the Supreme Court requires, and in my opinion is appropriate, it provides that if the mother's health will be put at risk, the medical procedure can be affected, but only in those instances. Otherwise late-term abortion, postviability abortion, would be precluded. The partial-birth abortion bill is sometimes I think by a sloppy press referred to as a late-term abortion. It has nothing to do with late term because the process can be used at any point in the pregnancy.  In fact, this bill would ban a rare medical procedure reserved for the most tragic of circumstances. In contrast, our bill will preclude all late-term abortions. Members may ask why is this not made in order? Why are they afraid to have us debate it? They can oppose it and say they do not agree with the exceptions. They can say the Supreme Court is wrong. But why preclude the opportunity in the people's House to adopt an amendment which reflects the law in 43 States of the United States of America?  Mr. Speaker, I will vote against this rule. What a shame that the majority fears open debate on this issue.  