Speaker, I thank my friend, the ranking member of the Committee on International Relations, for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, yesterday, today and tomorrow the Members of this House consider our most solemn constitutional obligation, a resolution that authorizes our Commander in Chief to use our Nation's Armed Forces. We do not savor this awesome responsibility, but we will not shrink from it either. The seriousness of this occasion dictates that we debate today not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans, Americans of conscience and principle who love their country and who are committed to the security of this Nation and its people.  This resolution in my view does not sound the drumbeat of war. Rather, it provides Saddam Hussein with his last chance for peace. I will support it. The resolution reflects the concerns and judgment of Members of this House from both sides of the aisle. It supports our diplomatic efforts, limits and defines the scope of authorization and requires the President to notify Congress before using force and to consult with Congress throughout the process.  Saddam Hussein's malevolence and expansionist designs are not in dispute. He used mustard gas and attacked civilians during his 8-year war with Iran. He attacked Kurdish villages in northern Iraq with chemical weapons. He invaded Kuwait before an international coalition repulsed him. He fired missiles at Saudi Arabia and Israel. He attempted to assassinate our own President, former President George Bush. And he has and continues to savage and enslave his own people.  Saddam Hussein is a vanquished tyrant who owes his existence to the fact that the international community did not effect his ouster in 1991. In hindsight, the cause of peace and regional stability, as well as the well-being of the Iraqi people who toil under his boot, dictated that result. Yet, like the long line of aggressors who pockmark history, Hussein has preyed on international irresolution. He disdains and refuses to submit to weapons inspections.  He continues his efforts to develop and acquire weapons of mass destruction, and he sponsors international terrorism. Saddam Hussein continues to be an unacceptable threat whose duplicity requires action, action now. Reverting to a failed inspection regime would permit hope to ignore history. Hussein is in no position to negotiate. He must provide unrestricted access to all Iraqi sites with no single compensation acceptable. And if he refuses, he must realize the consequences and realize as well that he is solely responsible for those consequences.  The United States must continue to seek the widest support for a tough inspection regime that ensures Hussein is disarmed. Unilateral action carries tremendous risk. Yet we know that international vacillation has often emboldened tyrants and compounded bloodshed and instability. In just the last decade, a halting, indecisive United Nations bore witness to genocide in the former Yugoslavia and tragically did little to stop it.  The reign of terror perpetuated by Slobodan Milosovic blazed until NATO extinguished it. Thus, in the face of tyranny, we must not allow our commitment to secure the imprimatur and participation of the international community to become the sine qua non of American policy.  The risk of inaction today in my opinion poses previously unfathomed dangers for tomorrow. The proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the most virulent strain of terrorism which targets innocents and glories in suicidal mass murder could render national inaction a virtual death sentence to far too many.  Let there be no mistake, the United States must continue to be a leading proponent of multilateral institutions and the peaceful resolutions of disputes. However, in the absence of international unity in confronting Hussein and his criminal regime, we must not be frozen into inaction in the face of a clear and present danger.  Let me add, with all due respect to my colleagues who have expressed their sincere concern that this resolution authorizes the President to use Armed Forces preemptively, that I see a clear distinction here. We have had an ongoing engagement in Iraq since that nation agreed to terminate its hostility towards its neighbors in 1991.  Our pilots who have been fired on by Iraqi military can attest that our engagement continues. Thus, I do not agree that we are setting a possibly dangerous precedent.  Mr. Speaker, we have given and should continue to give diplomacy and international coalition-building efforts every opportunity. Saddam Hussein has chosen to ignore his obligations and to continue his dangerous designs. If he fails to seize this last chance for peace, then he will bear sole responsibility for his own destruction.  Mr. Speaker, we have no quarrel with the Iraqi people. Our purpose is not territorial acquisition. Our purpose is the protection and security of our people, and the promotion of peace, stability and the rule of law in Iraq, the Middle East and the international community. We must not shrink from this responsibility.  