Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his comments and for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, the bill before us deserves our support, and I want to congratulate the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) and the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor) for working together. I also want to congratulate both Liz Dawson and Mark Murray, as well as the other members of the staff who worked on this bill.  There are too many good provisions to discuss them all. One of the best, however, is funding for all the new Capitol police officers that the agency can recruit and train next year; a total of 288 more. We certainly hope that the police can reach this goal and bring the force to a total of 1,454 sworn personnel.  As our challenges of security have increased substantially, we need this complement of personnel to carry out their duties not only in terms of the security to the building and the people who visit and work here, but also with respect to the safety of those officers. Our Capitol police have faced tremendous challenges since September 11. They worked 12-hour shifts, 6 days a week for months. Now they are losing officers to other agencies, especially the Transportation Security Administration, which offers, frankly, more money and benefits.  In fiscal 2002, the Capitol police have already lost to other agencies over twice the number lost, on average, in the last 3 years. They will lose more unless we act. Fortunately, this bill includes key provisions of the retention bill that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and I cosponsored, and which the House passed on June 26, including a 5 percent pay raise in the fall. It also includes a tuition reimbursement program, expanded specialty pay, and recruiting bonuses.  As a matter of fairness, the bill makes whole those officers adversely affected during the recent period of heavy overtime by limits on holiday and other premium pay. In addition, it provides for the cost-of-living adjustment of 4.1 percent in January. This restores roughly $350,000 that the officers earned in premium pay but were not paid.  To these, the bill adds new provisions to encourage recruitment and retention, including authority for premium pay in lieu of overtime and enhanced professional training. With these provisions, Mr. Chairman, we intend to assure Capitol police officers that we value their service and we hope that they will stay. We want to encourage those young men and women who seek a career in law enforcement to seek a position with the Capitol Police.  Another excellent feature is the authorization of a student loan repayment program for the House. The Committee on House Administration met Wednesday and approved regulations so the Chief Administrative Officer can have the program in place as soon as we pass this bill. This program will help Members, committees, and officers recruit and retain qualified employees. It is needed, in my opinion, to enable the House to stay competitive with other agencies, including the United States Senate, which already has such a program.  In this vein, Mr. Chairman, I want to highlight the work of our colleague, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lee), who is seated to my left. She has promoted this program tirelessly. The gentlewoman introduced a bill last year to bring this program to legislative branch agencies that did not have it.  I understand the Architect, the last major agency without it, is certainly of significant interest to her, to me, and I think to the House. I am hopeful that as we move forward, and we expect to have a colloquy on this issue, to include them as well. I look forward to working with the gentlewoman and others to provide appropriate authority for the Architect, and I thank her for her strong leadership in this area.  This bill also includes language authorizing a program to facilitate employment in the House of persons with disabilities. As a sponsor of the Americans with Disabilities Act, this is a particularly important provision to me, and I thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) for including it in the bill. I thank Ms. Dawson for her hard work on this program as well.  This bill also funds, of course, all legislative employees, including the police, and extends to them the same 4.1 percent COLA that executive branch employees will receive next January. It funds the same $100 cash transit benefit for participants in that program. Federal employees in the legislative branch deserve parity on these important benefits.  In addition to funding fire safety work in the complex, the bill calls for studying ways to beautify the power plant in conjunction with the needed capital improvements. Now, when I say beautify, I am working very hard, Mr. Chairman, with this committee and other committees to ensure that the south capital gateway to our capital is as impressive as are the other gateways to our capital. The power plant does not enhance that at this point in time. And as a good neighbor, we ought to work towards that end.  Finally, last year's bill included a provision ending the Architect's employment of temporary workers for long periods without benefits. While implementing the provisions, the Architect of the Capitol faced several technical obstacles to carrying out the original intent and sought our assistance.  The technical correction in this bill requires the Architect to make employer contributions for benefits for AOC employees directly to entities designated to receive such contributions.  Those corrections are included in this bill, and I appreciate again the staff's help on accomplishing that.  Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill. It will meet the needs of the legislative agencies in the coming year. The subcommittee staff, and I have mentioned Liz Dawson, but Chuck Turner, Mark Murray, Mike Malone, Tim Akin, of the office of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), and many others, including agency budget officers, have done an excellent job. I also would be neglectful if I did not mention my own staffer Mike Harrison, who has worked so diligently on this bill, and others. And I would urge an ``aye'' vote.  I will speak later on it, but I also want to speak to the Moran amendment, which I think will be a very important addition to this bill and which I hope passes.  