Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time.  Today, the representatives of the people of a grateful Nation will vote unanimously to honor Thomas Morris, Jr. and Joseph Curseen, Jr. We will do that by designating the Brentwood Postal Facility in their honor and in their names.  Not too long ago, we renamed the headquarters of the Capitol Police for three Capitol Policemen that we lost at the hand of a terrorist, J.J. Chestnut, John Gibson, and Christopher Eney. Today, we do another appropriate act. We will rise together to recognize, as the distinguished gentleman from Illinois observed, average Americans doing very uncommon things. Not only will we honor Mr. Morris and Mr. Curseen, but we will honor their colleagues as well. We will honor indeed all of those who day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month and year-to-year perform their tasks courageously, conscientiously, effectively. They do so so that America can function. Frankly, every day America relies on the United States Postal Service. It relies on it for commerce, it relies on it for family ties, it relies on it for information. Joseph Curseen and Thomas Morris made sure that happened.  After their deaths in October of 2001, I had the opportunity of attending their memorial service, and at that service I met their wives, Celestine Curseen and Mary Morris. I did not know either Joe or Tom, but I met their wives. And I can tell from them and the strong feelings they have for those they have lost the kind of men, not only that they have lost, not onlythat the Postal Service has lost, but that we as a Nation have lost, two extraordinary women in shared grief.  Today we share their grief and we share their pride. We share their pride in those two men and in their colleagues.  I visited the D.C. General Hospital, which was the site of the postal workers coming and being advised as to the risks they faced, the health consequences that might occur, and the prophylactic that they could take. I went down the line of those who were waiting for advice and counsel and I saw the courage and the conviction in their eyes.  