Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. A one percent across-the-board cut, small number.  First of all, let me say to the gentleman something he did not say, the committee has already adopted the President's administrative cuts of $50 million across the agencies with the exception of the law enforcement agencies, with the exception of the law enforcement agencies because as the gentleman has pointed out, we are confronting terrorism here at home and around the world.  But let me speak to the larger question that the gentleman, I think, probably does not know, and too many of our Members do not know this fact, the public probably does not know this fact either.  In 1962, 40 years ago, this country spent 3.4 percent of its gross domestic products on domestic discretionary spending. That is what this is all about, spending on the Treasury Department, GSA building, the President's salary, expenses that we are talking about, 3.4 percent. The last year for which we have record, we are in 2002, for 2001, I tell the gentleman, notwithstanding all the rhetoric about exploding expenses, we spent 3.4 percent of GDP on domestic discretionary spending.  Only one year I tell my friend, from 1981 through 1993, the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George Bush, only one of those years did we spend as little as 3.4 percent of GDP. All the rest of the years were either in the 3.5's or above or in the 4 percent of GDP.  So I tell my friend, the Committee on Appropriations, which all the authorizers think is spending money willy nilly, is spending less money today as a percentage of GDP than we did in the Reagan and Bush years. So the belt has been tightened. That is important that the public understand that.  I speak in strong opposition to this bill. It is so easy to come to the floor and say do 1 percent across-the-boards, or 2 percent or 5 percent or 10 percent. That is easy. What is tough is to come to this floor and say cut X or Y or Z because it is not as effective and efficient.  