Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 482, legislation that honors one of baseball's finest players, and one of America's finest citizens, Ted Williams. I also want to commend the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Markey for offering this fitting resolution.  Mr. Speaker, Ted Williams was respected by his peers, admired by his successors, and adored by his fans. His work-ethic was second to none, and he toiled day in and day out, dreaming that one day people would see him and remark: ``There goes the greatest hitter who ever lived.''  His wiry frame and pure talent earned him the nickname ``The Splendid Splinter,'' and Ted Williams never failed to live up to that reputation on the field.  Williams is best remembered for batting .406 in 1941. In the sixty years since that tremendous season, no one has approached the milestone.  That 1941 season typified Williams' supreme devotion to the sport of baseball. Before the final day of the season, Williams had secured a .400 batting average. Yet he refused to sit out that day's double-header, playing both games and batting 6 for 8, raising his average 6 points.  Ted Williams' dedication to the game of baseball was evident as he continued to excel at an age when most ballplayers would have long since hung up their cleats. At the age of 40, he added his sixth and final batting title to his long list of accomplishments, becoming the oldest player to ever lead the league in hitting.  Williams was also a master of dramatic finishes, as he closed out his career in Fenway Park with a home run in his last at-bat. It was a fitting end for Boston's greatest and most beloved baseball player of all time.  While Teddy Ballgame will always be remembered as a baseball player, some of his greatest accomplishments came off the field. Williams' devotion to baseball was matched only by his devotion to his country. He acted as a true role model and hero during a time of war, sacrificing three years in the prime of his career to serve in the United States Marines in World War II from 1943-1945. Seven years later, he again left the baseball diamond to serve his country, this time in the Korean War. And even though his time in the military undoubtedly cost him some of his best playing days, he never regretted his service. In fact, Williams often counted his enlistment as a Marine as one of his greatest accomplishments.  In addition to his heroic sacrifices as a Marine, Williams will be remembered as the first Hall of Famer to have the courage to insist upon the inclusion of Negro League stars in Cooperstown. And we will be forever grateful to Williams for his generous support of the Jimmy Fund, a local charity that aids the fight against cancer.  Mr. Speaker, when Ted Williams passed away on July 5th, America lost a baseball legend. But we also lost a man with courage, dedication, and desire rarely equaled. It was these qualities that allowed Ted Williams to accomplish his lifelong goal. For when Ted Williams, the Splendid Splinter, passed away, there was one phrase that was on everyone's lips: ``There goes the greatest hitter who ever lived.''  