Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, what is now becoming our weekly song and dance, passage of yet another continuing resolution, sounds more like Republican failure to me.  The gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle) and our friends on the other side of the aisle will no doubt march to this floor again today and fulminate about the other Chamber, and they are sure to boast: ``We have passed a budget.''  Well, Democrats in the House have been waiting for the last 7 weeks for the Republican leadership to summon the courage of its convictions and to actually bring spending bills to this House floor that adhere to the GOP's budget resolution. We are still waiting to see your spending bill for Labor, Health and Education programs, because we want to know this: Do you still plan to cut the ``No Child Left Behind Act'' off at the knees? Do you? Do you still plan to wipe out programs that coordinate health care for the uninsured?  Mr. Speaker, we want to know, with winter just around the corner, do you still plan to cut LIHEAP formula grants by nearly 18 percent? LIHEAP, of course, is low income energy assistance to poor people and seniors.  Some of the very same Republicans who lectured us about the importance of voting on the Iraq resolution before the November elections have now cynically recoiled from letting voters know where they stand on Federal spending for health care, education and others priorities before the election. While the GOP continues to dither and delay, the American people suffer the consequences.  The unemployment rate is up. The poverty rate is up. Federal and State budget deficits are exploding. Real wages are down. The number of Americans with health insurance is down, and the stock market has dropped like a rock over the last 18 months. Yet, the self-styled revolutionaries seem to have no idea what to do.  For starters, we might extend unemployment insurance benefits to save those who are falling off, increase the minimum wage which has not been increased since 1996, and pass real pension reform. Failing to do that, Mr. Speaker, failing to do that much is nothing but a signal of failure.  