Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Historically Black Colleges and Universities and their proud history of educating African-Americans for 165 years.  The contributions of HBCUs to this country are of such significance that it has become tradition for the President to proclaim a week in September as Historically Black Colleges and Universities week. This year the observance is taking place of the week of September 15th.  In the early part of the 20th century, HBCUs offered educational opportunities to blacks when most schools would not admit them. But even as the doors of other higher education institutions have opened to black students over the past few decades, HBCUs continue to offer a quality education to thousands of young Americans.  The first black college, now known as Cheyney University of Pennsylvania, was made possible by a Quaker philanthropist named Richard Humphreys who bequeathed $10,000 to establish a school to educate African-Americans. The school was founded as the Institute for Colored Youth in Philadelphia in 1837, almost 30 years before the Emancipation Proclamation would free the South's slaves. The University has since outgrown its original mandate and now offers degrees in more than 30 disciplines for people of all races.  Following the success of Cheyney University, over 100 Historically Black Colleges and Universities in the United States have been established, educating people of all races in every discipline from liberal arts to medicine to business.  It is important to note that while Historically Black Colleges and Universities comprise only about 3 percent of all colleges and universities, nearly 30 percent of all bachelor's degrees awarded each year to African Americans are earned at those institutions.  I am proud of the State of Maryland's part in this evolution of black higher education, and I am privileged to represent Bowie State University (BSU), the oldest of Maryland's four HBCUs. (The three other HBCUs located in Maryland are Morgan State and Coppin State, both in Baltimore, and the University of Maryland--Eastern Shore).  Bowie State descends from the first school opened by the Baltimore Association for the Moral and Educational Improvement of Colored People in Baltimore in 1865. BSU now has eighteen undergraduate academic programs, sixteen graduate programs at the master's level and recently established its first doctoral program in Education Leadership.  Some Historically Black Colleges and Universities are facing financial hardships and several have closed during the past few years. The Federal Government must recognize that the contributions made by these institutions have not occurred in a vacuum benefitting only a small segment of the population. Rather, the entire country has gained from the educational opportunities they offer to African-American citizens and others.  Congress and the President can acknowledge this by adequately funding the programs that support the efforts of these important institutions. The President has requested a four percent increase in funding for the Strengthening Historically Black Colleges program and the Strengthening HBCU Graduate Institutions for fiscal year 2003. This increase will do no more than help the programs keep up with inflation. As a member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Subcommittee, I would like to see these programs receive more funding to help them continue their mission and tradition of educating African-Americans.  Marion Wright Edelman, founder of the Children's Defense Fund, said that ``Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.''  Ms. Edelman's observation clearly illustrates how important HBCUs have been to America's black community and the Nation as a whole. Not only have they educated and improved the lives of individuals, but they have empowered those individuals to bring their knowledge back to their communities and improve the lives of others. And America is the better for it.  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me this week in saluting the contributions of America's Historically Black Colleges and Universities.  