Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin), and I thank him for his leadership on this issue and so many others. He has been extraordinarily helpful in getting the election reform legislation to the place it is now. I think this motion he now makes, and it is supported by both the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and myself, is an important one; and I want to thank him for that.  Mr. Speaker, in the 20 months since our last national election, the American people have seen the very best and very worst that democracy has to offer. The disenfranchisement of millions of Americans who fell prey to unreliable, outdated voting machines as well as the wide bipartisan support in the Congress for the Federal election reform will hopefully change that.  Members on both sides of the aisle have spoken eloquently and sincerely about safeguarding our most cherished democratic right: the right to vote and to have one's vote counted.  Yet our work is not done, for who among us would accept election reform that fails to ensure the privacy and independence of millions of eligible voters at the ballot box? None of us, I would argue, because the right to exercise the franchise under conditions that afford privacy and independence is intimately American and bound up in what it means to be a free and equal citizen in a democratic society. Yet in thousands of polling places across the country, voters who are physically, visually, or mentally challenged enjoy less privacy and independence when they exercise their sacred right to vote than do other voters.  That is why I urge all Members to support this important motion to instruct offered by our colleague, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin). It is fair and it makes sense. It recognizes, as most of us do, that the election reform conference report should combine the best of the House-passed Help America Vote Act with the Senate-passed bill. To that end, the gentleman from Rhode Island's motion instructs the House conferees to agree to section 101(A)(3) of the Senate amendment to the House bill.  This section states that by January 2007 voting systems shall be accessible for individuals with disabilities, including nonvisual accessibility for the blind and visually impaired, in a manner that provides the same opportunity for access and participation, including privacy and independence, as for other voters.  Make no mistake about it, I am proud of the Help America Vote Act. I am proud of the work that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and I and so many others, including the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Langevin) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson) and others, helped us achieve. But we have not finished the job yet, Mr. Speaker; and we need to do that.  We need to pass this motion and then hopefully the conference will become even more energized than it has been. We are late, not too late, but we are late in passing a conference report that incorporates, as I said, the best of the House bill and the best of the Senate bill. We need to pass election reform. We need to pass it in the next 3 weeks if at all possible. We need to tell the States the resources they will have available to make their machines not only accessible but accurate as they count every American's vote.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this very, very important motion to instruct.  