Speaker, I rise in support of the underlying resolution which supports Israel's response to the attacks on its people. For many years, in the early 1990s, I was one of the most outspoken Members of this body urging the United States and its European allies to act with force, if needed, to stop the slaughter and ethnic cleansing of the Muslim community in Bosnia-Herzegovina. I believe that we had a moral imperative to confront the Milosevic-inspired evil and to take action to stop it. I stood squarely with the Muslim community seeking international justice.  I do not choose to be evenhanded or neutral in the face of despots who preach death and destruction to others. I believe Yasir Arafat is such a despot. In the name of legitimate grievances, he and his terrorist allies employ grossly illegitimate means. We must bring peace to this savage region of our globe, but we must not achieve peace at the price of justice. Justice for Israel, the only democratic state in the region, and her people, and justice as well for the Palestinian people.  Today, Mr. Speaker, I join in supporting this resolution because I strongly support the right of Israel's people to eliminate the genesis of unconscionable terrorist attacks against innocent men, women and children. The State of Israel, like every other nation on earth, has the right of self-defense. This resolution is an expression of American solidarity with Israel as it acts to maintain and secure its independence as a free and sovereign nation.  At the same time, it is incumbent upon the United States as well as the international community to continue to work with Israel and other States in the region to end this escalating cycle of violence, to relieve the suffering of all peoples of that region, and to work toward a permanent and stable peace. I absolutely believe the Israeli people share that goal. I pray that there are Palestinian leaders who share it as well. In his actions and his words, it is clear to me, however, that Yasir Arafat does not.  We must not shrink from our responsibility to stand for a just resolution of this continuing conflict, and we must surely avoid making muddled mistaken parallels between essentially justified defensive actions and terrorist tactics designed to inflame and destroy. We must be committed to helping the parties avoid violence and effect peace. We must be willing to help a Palestinian state realize economic stability. And we must be willing to be an honest broker to achieve these ends. But we must leave no doubt that we are absolutely and irrevocably committed to the survival of Israel and to its security and to its safety of its people. On that, my colleagues, there can be no neutrality.  