Speaker, much of the controversy swirling around this Homeland Security Act relates to our treatment of Federal employees, many of whom stand on the front lines in our war against terrorism.  I share the deep concern of those who believe that the reorganization proposed under this bill will undermine the rights given by law to thousands of our Federal employees.  And let me note: Earlier this year, I specifically asked OPM to cite even one example in our nation's history where union membership had threatened our national security. OPM could offer none.  However, the controversy surrounding the rights of Federal employees is not the basis of my opposition to this Homeland Security Act. And I am deeply concerned that the attention devoted to it obscures the larger point.  As the Baltimore Sun observed on September 23rd:  ``Months of debate have made clear that this bureaucratic boondoggle offers no promise of making the homeland more secure. Worse, it takes the focus off the need for tighter oversight of the nation's security systems.''  I am greatly concerned, Mr. Speaker, that this legislation could actually harm our ability and readiness to protect our homeland.  Under this legislation, 22 existing agencies and programs and 170,000 people would be integrated into this new department.  Yet, many of the agencies that are critical to our homeland security would not even be part of this reorganization.  Furthermore, this act fails to recognize that the FBI, DEA and INS are currently grouped within the Department of Justice, but do not effectively communicate with one another.  As special agent Colleen Rowley's testimony indicated earlier this year, the FBI even has trouble communicating within its own agency.  We must not delude ourselves into believing that rearranging deck chairs will protect our ship of state.  What's needed is greater sharing of information within and among the agencies that protect our homeland, so that we may coordinate and synthesize the enormous amounts of information that our government collects.  And we need a lean homeland security office that has the mission and authority to develop and implement a comprehensive strategy for homeland security.  In analyzing this issue, the General Accounting Office warned in July:  It is clear that fixing the wrong problems, or even worse, fixing the right problems poorly, could cause more harm than good in our efforts to defend our country against terrorism.''  This act fails to fix our most obvious problem--effective information sharing among agencies.  I urge my colleagues to vote against it.  