 Mr. Speaker, if I could have one wish today, I would wish that hardworking Americans could take 5 minutes out of their busy schedules and watch this ridiculous Republican charade occurring right now on this House floor. They would be outraged, as I am. The President has not signed even one of the 13 must-pass appropriation bills that fund everything from the Department of Defense to Federal spending on transportation, education and health care. Not one. This House has failed to consider, let alone pass, even one appropriations conference report. Not one. Yet, with just 11 days left in the current fiscal year, with eight appropriation bills still to be considered by this House, we are dithering on a blatantly political and utterly meaningless resolution on the permanent repeal of the estate tax.  Does the GOP have an ideological predisposition to mismanage? Or has it been hijacked again by the faction that Newt Gingrich called, and I quote, ``the Perfectionist Caucus''? Those are Newt Gingrich's words, not mine. We have already passed a permanent repeal of the estate tax, a repeal that benefits, as my friend from Wisconsin has said, a few thousand wealthy families at the expense of millions, not once but twice. So why this resolution and why now? Here is why. Because the Republican leadership has made a commitment to put the Labor-HHS-Education spending bill on the floor next. But it knows that if it does at current funding levels that eliminate or cut crucial education, labor and health programs, its moderates will vote it down. You do not have the votes.  It is hard to be sympathetic with the GOP's plight because it precipitated this budget debacle by passing its fiscally irresponsible budget. The chairman of the Committee on the Budget blames the Senate. The chairman of the Committee on the Budget knows full well, if he is honest with the American public, that nothing that the Senate has or has not done precludes this House from acting. We have deemed his budget to be in place. The problem he has is, his side does not want to vote for the budget that he put in place. It was a charade when we passed it--I did not vote for it--and it is a charade months later on this very day.  So what do we do? We fiddle while Rome burns. We fiddle on silly resolutions like this that are patently political and purely political and solely political. The leader is on the floor. What a shame. What a shame that we fail to do the business of the American public and fiddle while our budget and fiscal posture in America burns.  