Norton) for yielding me time, and I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Boozman) for facilitating the movement of this bill to the floor.  I rise, of course, Madam Speaker, in strong support of the Harvey W. Wiley Federal Building Designation Act. The building which we speak of today is the Food and Drug Administration's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition, located in my district in College Park, Maryland.  Harvey Washington Wiley is best known, as has been said, for his pioneering work as the chief chemist at the Bureau of Chemistry, which of course is now known as the Food and Drug Administration.  His work in the early 1900s led to the passage of the Pure Food and Drug Act. As the head of the Bureau of Chemistry, Wiley served as chief enforcer of the act, and his inspection program revolutionized the country's food supply by making it healthier and safer. Each of us every day benefits from the work of Dr. Wiley. After serving 29 years, as was observed by the gentlewoman from District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), as the chief of the Bureau of Chemistry, he resigned and later established the Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval as the director of Good Housekeeping Institute's Bureau of Foods, Sanitation and Health, a demonstration of his lifelong commitmentto the purity of our food and our health and our safety.  The Harvey W. Wiley Building is the result of a strong commitment and partnership between the Food and Drug Administration, the General Services Administration, the State of Maryland, the city of College Park, the city council, the local community, and the University of Maryland.  The Wiley Building, which opened in October of 2001, is the first major laboratory completed as part of the Food and Drug Administration's consolidation effort. The facility holds over 950 researchers and other staff doing a critical job for our people and for our country. We depend upon them to ensure that the foods we consume and the cosmetic products we use are safe and labeled properly.  The FDA's consolidation effort has been ongoing since 1991 when Congress gave authority to the FDA to improve its dilapidated facilities and bring its workers closer together for more efficient operations. In addition to this facility, the Center for Veterinary Medicine in Beltsville was completed in 1996 and work continues on four remaining centers at White Oak. When the consolidation is finally completed, Madam Speaker, it will consolidate nearly 40 different FDA facilities scattered around the metropolitan area. This will not only improve the working conditions of employees, it will save the taxpayers literally millions of dollars in reduced lease costs.  These Federal entities in tandem with the University of Maryland's world-class academicians and researchers will creates a unique synergy in the Washington metropolitan region.  Naming the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition in College Park after Harvey W. Wiley will cap off an already marvelous achievement for the FDA and GSA. There are times when we name buildings after people because perhaps they got the money for the buildings or perhaps they were luminaries in a particular jurisdiction or State or nation, but not necessarily involved with the building. This naming is as appropriate a naming as I think we have ever done because Dr. Wiley was such an integral part of developing food safety, nutritional health, and the oversight of that which is manufactured and purveyed that we either ingest or put on our bodies, that it will be safe for doing so. So I rise in strong support of this legislation. Again, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Boozman) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) for expediting its presentation to the House and urge its unanimous adoption.  