Speaker, I address the class, I suppose, of 2002 of the United States House of Representatives Page School. I want you to think of your status, 280 million fellow citizens. I do not know how many millions of 10th and 11th graders, 16-year-olds that we have in America, but clearly it ranks in the millions. There are but a few of you who have been given the opportunity, the honor, the privilege of serving in the House of Representatives.  I know that every one of us who has the opportunity to be selected by their neighbors and friends to serve in this House feels the awesome honor of that privilege. I hope you share that with them. I hope you share the realization of the very special knowledge that each of you has received and understand how very unique your experience is relative to so many millions of young people in America.  The gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus) has pointed out that you have served as pages in this House and served your country in that capacity in a historic year, in a year in which America was attacked here on its very homeland. That has not happened since 1814. Think of that. That was even before you were born. It was so long ago, it was before I was born. America had felt invulnerable, safe. The trouble and violence for the most part at least from an international war status was somewhere over the waters and far away, and we found that it was not. You, your parents, your relatives, your friends and your neighbors felt more vulnerable than they had in the past. As so many have said, America was changed and our concerns were heightened.  Those who attacked us were relatively young people who cared passionately about an objective. We think very, very wrongly and indeed evilly, but they cared a lot about something. What I hope and what I think all of us hope is that you, too, care passionately, care passionately for this country, for its principles, for its processes.  Those of us who have traveled the world know that almost everybody looks to America as a very, very special place. Some do not like us; but even in that dislike, they are somewhat in awe of this longest-standing democracy on the face of the Earth. Why has it been so long-standing? Because its people love it. Its people care for it. Its people sustain it. You are the people. We the people. We call this House in which you have served the People's House. We are elected every 2 years. It is kind of a pain in the neck to run every 2 years, but let me tell you what it does: it keeps you in touch. That is what the Founding Fathers wanted us to do. They wanted those of us who serve on this floor to be in touch, to hear the passions and the fears and the aspirations and hopes of your parents, and of you.  I want to congratulate you because you were selected because you are some of the most outstanding young people in America, which is to say in the world. Who in a short period of time, just as some Members of this House who served in the blue coat brigade that you have been a member of, serve now in the House of Representatives.  Some of you will serve in the House and in the Senate and Governors; and yes, perhaps even one of you will be President of the United States. But the probability is most of you will not be that, but you can serve very well. Take with you this experience. Take with you this knowledge of how much the Members who serve here care about our country, how hard they work. I hope you have been surprised at how hard they work. I was when I first went to the Senate at the age of 27 in the State of Maryland.  I hope you take that home to your classmates, your families and friends, so they will feel better about this democracy and this country. We have asked God to bless America, and God does. God blesses America through the service of each and every one of us. And to the extent that you become ambassadors of our democracy, to all our people, our country will be a stronger and better place. And those who attack us will surely fail. Godspeed, and thank you.  