Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the 45 seconds.  Mr. Chairman, I would join in the remarks made by the chairman, my friend from Virginia (Mr. Tom Davis), the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), and I am sure the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella).  The fact of the matter is that this will undermine two very important things. First of all, I strongly believe that employees ought to have the right to organize and to have a voice to which they can address management.  Secondly, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Tom Davis) is absolutely correct. The other provisions of the Issa amendments will in fact in my opinion substantially undermine the opportunity to recruit the kind of people you need to affect what has really been the problem and that is management. Not labor, but management, in this agency. And, therefore, I would hope that we would defeat and reject this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. This amendment continues Republican attempts to erode the rights of Federal employees.  In his first major legislative action after taking office, President Bush repealed a regulation designed to protect millions of American workers from ergonomic injuries.  On January 7th of this year the President issued an executive order denying union representation for 1,000 employees at the Department of Justice.  The President cited national security concerns for this order, even though some of those employees have been part of a union for over 20 years and others covered by that order hold clerical and administrative positions.  This administration is also considering what rights Federal baggage screeners will have.  Let there be no doubt, if the administration denies these employees the right to join a labor union and collectively bargain, it will do so for purely political reasons that have little or nothing to do with national security.  Today, we consider an amendment that will eliminate existing procedural protections for all INS employees for any offense allegedly committed by an employee. There simply is no justification for denying them this basic democratic freedom.  INS employees would no longer have the basic right of due process protection and the process of independent review and appeal would be eliminated.  This amendment would strongly discourage employee ``whistleblowers'' from providing essential information to Congress and even the Congress for fear of losing their jobs.  The large majority of INS employees are hard working federal employees that we should be proud of because they are on the front lines protecting our homeland. Let's not punish the masses for the mistakes of a few.  Protect the rights of federal employees and vote ``no'' on the Issa amendment.  