Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in strong support of H.R. 1677 and am pleased to be a lead co-sponsor of this bill with Chairman Rangel.  Today is the due date for Americans to file their tax returns. On this day, it is wise for the House to consider a bill to increase taxpayer protection and expand outreach efforts to millions of Americans.  Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill; this is a timely bill. The Taxpayer Protection Act is a result of a hearing held by the Oversight Subcommittee that I chair. H.R. 1677 is an important first step in standing up, really standing up for the American taxpayer. It is a shame that people use fraudulent tax schemes to steal Social Security numbers and financial information from Americans.  This legislation protects taxpayers from misleading Web sites and identity theft. H.R. 1677 provides higher penalties for persons who use either Web site names that may be confused with the official IRS Web site or mass e-mails that appear to be from the IRS. This bill requires the IRS to notify you if your identity is stolen in a tax scam.  You should not become more vulnerable for being a responsible citizen. The Taxpayer Protection Act prohibits the IRS from providing certain information to businesses that the IRS believes make predatory loans based on tax refunds. These short-term loans often charge interest rates sometimes above 100 percent that victimize low-income workers.  H.R. 1677 will also assist with efforts to reach millions of working Americans who are eligible to claim the earned income tax credit. These taxpayers often do not take advantage of the EITC. They have a right to know of all benefits available to them. Under this bill, the IRS will expand its current outreach program to help more low-income Americans receive this tax credit, a credit which lifts millions of families out of poverty each year.  This bipartisan legislation moves us in the right direction to make tax issues simpler and clearer for the average person. We must fight poverty, fight fraud, and provide these basic protections for all Americans.  Mr. Speaker, I fully support the Taxpayer Protection Act, and I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ``yes'' for H.R. 1677.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  