President, I am pleased that today the Senate will pass the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2017. By rejecting the poison pill riders that sidelined the appropriations process for much of last year, the Senate has taken a responsible step forward to meet the needs of the American people, keeping our government functioning, and investing in critical programs to support energy research, production, and management.  I am particularly pleased that the Senate rejected efforts to eliminate Federal support for key regional commissions, including the Northern Border Regional Commission. The Northern Border Regional Commission, like others across the country, is a jointFederal-State economic development effort that includes some of the most severely and persistently economically distressed and underdeveloped counties in Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and northern New York. Every Federal dollar invested through the commission leverages on average $2.6 in matching funds in return for vital economic development and infrastructure projects. The $10 million this energy and water bill provides for the NBRC will help create new jobs and retain thousands more.  This bill also makes important investments in the Army Corps of Engineers, in energy efficiency and renewable energy programs, in scientific research, for weatherization programs, and in environmental cleanup. I want to thank Chairman Alexander and Ranking Member Feinstein for working with me, too, on important report language to encourage the Department of Energy to facilitate the sharing of information and resources among host communities with nuclear power plants that face decommissioning. Communities impacted by the decommissioning of the Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant would benefit greatly from the experiences and best practices of other host communities in which plants have recently been decommissioned. I look forward to working with the Department of Energy to further advance these goals. The bill also includes report language that directs the Department of Energy to fund activities that support the development and testing of new low-emission, highly efficient wood stoves, an important heat source for many Vermont homes because of the affordable and renewable thermal energy they provide.  Senator Alexander and Senator Feinstein have worked in a bipartisan way to produce a responsible, rider-free appropriations bill, and I hope this process will serve as a model for the Senate as we continue the appropriations process this year.  