The next nominee to the Supreme Court deserves full and fair consideration by the Senate. This includes a timely hearing and then having an up-or-down vote.  I am worried that even before President Obama took office, and ever since then--even after he was reelected by a 5 million-vote plurality--there has been an unrelenting and cynical campaign by some hyper-partisans to delegitimize the President's authority. There were the birthers, and there have been and still are spurious slurs of all kinds.  Outside of this body, the efforts to undermine President Obama's constitutional authority to fill this Supreme Court vacancy draws some of their vehemence and venom from these dark corners. But every one of us took an oath of office--every one of us--and weare sworn to uphold our constitutional duties. Let us not be intimidated and pressured to avoid our sworn duty. Let us act for the good of the American people and for the good of this great Nation.  Some have justified their call for unprecedented obstruction by claiming it is because the American people need a voice. Give me a break. The American people have spoken--millions of Americans--and an overwhelming majority of Vermonters voted in record numbers in 2008 and again in 2012 to elect President Obama. In doing so, they granted him constitutional authorities for all 8 years of those two terms. A President isn't elected for 1 year or 2 years or 3 years. A President is elected for 4 years at a time. Just saying that President Obama is a ``lame duck'' President does not make it true. In fact, the next election is not until November. The American people expect those they elected to do their jobs for their entire term. That means both in the Senate and in the White House. They don't expect Senators to say: Well, we can't vote on anything this year because it is an election year. We will collect our full salary, but we are not going to vote on anything. The American people don't like that.  It is rare that a vacancy in the Supreme Court arises during an election year, but it is just false to say Justices do not get confirmed in Presidential election years. More than a dozen Supreme Court Justices have been confirmed in a Presidential election year.  The Democrats led the Senate during President Reagan's final year in office, and we voted. President Reagan's nominee was confirmed by a Democratic-led Senate during the President's final year in office. He received a hearing and a confirmation vote. It would be the height of hypocrisy to say we shouldn't apply the same process with a Democrat in the White House and Republicans in control of the Senate. We can't say that we will follow our constitutional duties and do our work if we have a Democratic-controlled Senate and a Republican President but we can't do it if it is the other way around.  Some Republican Senators have acknowledged that the next Supreme Court nominee should receive a fair hearing. But the process can't end there. I have served on the Judiciary Committee for 36 years. During my time on the committee, we have never refused to send a Supreme Court nominee to the full Senate for a confirmation vote. Even in those cases where a majority of the committee had opposed the nomination, we still reported the nominee to the full Senate. Once reported to the full Senate, every Supreme Court nominee has received an up-or-down confirmation vote during my 40 years in the Senate. We have to uphold this bipartisan tradition for the next Supreme Court nominee because so much is at stake. Merely holding a hearing without full committee process and a confirmation vote is insufficient for a Supreme Court nominee. It would be a charade, and it would be an avoidance of our constitutional duties.  If Republicans refuse to uphold their constitutional responsibility to consider the next Supreme Court nominee, I believe it will harm our constitutional system of government. If they succeed in deliberately holding open a seat on the Supreme Court for more than a year, they will be intentionally disabling the Court's ability to fulfill its constitutional role, and Republicans will be harming the Supreme Court for more than a year.  Justice Scalia once wrote that a Supreme Court of just eight Justices risked the possibility the Court ``will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case.'' The legal issues before the Supreme Court are significant, and the importance of a single vote on the Court cannot be overstated. One vote on the Supreme Court decided landmark cases concerning our campaign finance laws, clean water and air policies, marriage equality, and voting rights. Americans deserve a fully functioning Supreme Court.  I have traveled all over my State. I have traveled all over this country. I have talked to Republicans and Democrats alike. What I know about my fellow Americans that makes me so proud is that they show up for work and they do their jobs. Americans don't have the luxury of telling their bosses that instead of doing their job, they would rather delay, delay, delay. If they did, they would probably be fired. The U.S. Senate shouldn't tell the American people that we are not going to do our jobs; that we will delay, delay, delay. The stakes are too high.  The American people actually expect us to show up for work and do our job. Let's get to work, do the job the American people sent us here to do. And we may want to reread our oath to uphold the Constitution. It requires no less.  Mr. President, I don't see others on the floor about to speak. I will yield the floor when I do.  We have allowed this whole process to become far too partisan. I am a lawyer, a former prosecutor. I have argued cases in the State court, Federal courts, Federal trial courts, and Federal appellate courts. When I have gone to the Federal courts, I have always thought that the beauty of this--whether Republican or Democratic nominees--is that I could get a fair hearing. I thought it was a great honor to go there.  People come from other parts of the world, and they talk about our Federal judiciary as an example for them. I recall that when a country that had been under dictatorship changed to a more democratic form of government, some of their people came to my office and asked about our judicial system.  They said: Is it true that in the United States of America, people can actually sue their government?  I said: That is true. It happens all the time.  They said: Well, is it true that sometimes the government loses?  I said: It happens all the time.  They said: Well, do you replace the judge when that happens?  I said: No. They are independent.  It was like a lightbulb went on. They realized how different we are. Think of the image we send to the rest of the world--as well as 300 million Americans--if we say: No, we are going to politicize the Supreme Court, the Court that is supposed to be the final arbiter on constitutional questions. Look at what it says to them if we say: Yes, we have time to take more recesses this year than I think the Senate ever has, that I can ever remember, but we don't have time to do the job we were elected to do, the job we are paid to do--have a hearing on and vote on a Supreme Court nominee.  The American people have jobs. They can't pick and choose when they will bother to show up. They can't say ``I know this is what I am supposed to do in this job, but I don't feel like it'' or ``I have a partisan reason not to do it. I am going to sit this out. See me next year, and I may do my job.'' Nobody would accept that. But that is really what is happening. The Republican leadership is saying ``No, we want to sit this out. We don't want to do our work. We don't want to do our job. See us next year, and maybe we will then.'' That has never happened. It never happened during an election year. There have been at least a dozen Supreme Court vacancies during an election year, and a dozen times the Senate, no matter who was President, came together and handled the nominee and got them confirmed. Why did Senators do that in the past? Probably because they figured they had been elected, they were being paid by the American people, it was part of their job, and so they showed up and did their job.  Are we now going to change what has been the precedent ever since the beginning of this country and say ``Oh, we are better than that. We don't have to do our job. Keep paying us, but we don't have to do our job even though we have taken an oath to uphold the Constitution and do our job''? Even Justice Scalia said that would be wrong, that you shouldn't have an eight-member Supreme Court. And we don't.  Let's actually show up and do the job we were elected to do, do the job we are paid to do. Let's do what every other American has to do. They have to show up for work. They have to do their jobs. They can't say ``I don't feel like it this year. I will see you next year. Oh, by the way, send me my paycheck.'' That is not the American way; it should not be the Senate way.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  