President, today is the 51st anniversary of Bloody Sunday--a horrible abuse of American citizens that occurred in Selma, AL. Each year we commemorate the events of that fateful day, because it helped transform our Nation and proved to be a catalyst for the passage of the Voting Rights Act. For the last two years, this commemoration has been a sad reminder of what five justices did to that cornerstone civil rights law. In Shelby County v. Holder a narrow majority of the Court drove a stake through the heart of the Voting Rights Act when it struck down the coverage formula for its preclearance provision in Section 5.  I mentioned that because under section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, the Federal Government has the authority to examine and prevent racially discriminatory voting changes from going into effect before those changes disenfranchise voters in covered jurisdictions. By striking down the coverage formula that determined which States and jurisdictions were subject to Federal review, the Court rendered Section 5 unenforceable.  Unfortunately, even though almost every single Republican and Democrat in the House and Senate voted for the Voting Rights Act, the Supreme Court, by a 1-vote margin--notwithstanding that 535 of us had voted--drove a stake through the heart of the Voting Rights Act by striking down the coverage formula for its preclearance provisions in Section 5.  Since then Republican Governors and State legislatures have exploited Shelby County by enacting sweeping voter suppression laws that disproportionately prevent or discourage black Americans from voting. This includes the State of Alabama, which not only enacted a burdensome photo identification law after the decision, but then they made it even harder for many of its black citizens to obtain identification when the State closed more than 30 DMV offices in mostly poor, minority neighborhoods last October.  It is hard to fathom that in 2016, well over 100 years after the Civil War and passage of the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution, and after transformative moments, such as Bloody Sunday, that States would continue to pass laws and take actions that would undermine black Americans' rights to vote.  This past weekend, Congresswoman Terri Sewell, who represents the 7th District of Alabama--which includes Shelby County, Birmingham, and Selma--held a public forum in Birmingham to examine the harm caused by the Supreme Court's Shelby County decision. Several witnesses at that forum testified that the State had made it harder for their citizens to vote, and that a disproportionate number of those citizens were minorities. They also spoke about the urgent need to restore the protections of the Voting Rights Act. Congressman John Lewis, our great civil rights hero, was in attendance, and it is heartbreaking to realize that so many of the gains that he was able to help secure through his civil rights activism are being undone today.  Despite the compelling testimony about the urgent need for Congress to address voting rights, most Republicans in Congress continue to disregard the urgency of this issue. More than two and a half years since the Shelby County decision, and despite the introduction of two separate bipartisan bills that would restore the protections of the Voting Rights Act, the Republican chairs of the Judiciary Committee from both houses of Congress refuse to even hold a hearing on this issue. Instead, Republican leaders have only paid lip service to the issue, supporting the award of congressional medals for brave civil rights leaders. That is not enough.  Recently, the Speaker of the House stated that he was supportive of one of the bipartisan voting rights restoration bills. In the same statement he explained that nothing could be done because the Republican chair of the House Judiciary Committee refuses to take up the bill or to have a hearing. This is not leadership. The American people expect more than talk.  This pattern of Republican obstruction reached unprecedented heights recently when a few Senate Republicans declared that they would not even hold a hearing for the next Supreme Court nominee even before the President has even announced a nominee.  Republicans have apparently decided that rather than be transparent and hold public hearings and votes on the most significant issues of the day--including voting rights, comprehensive immigration reform, and the next Supreme Court nominee--they would simply shut down the process. Instead they are making important and timely decisions affecting hundreds of millions of Americans behind closed doors. It isnot good for our democracy and it is not good for the American people.  We need hearings and a vote on the voting rights bills. And we need a hearing and a vote on the next Supreme Court nominee. We remember what came to be known as Bloody Sunday because the blood that was shed led to greater democratic participation and a more inclusive union. What Republicans are doing now undermines the hard-fought legacy of Bloody Sunday and the Civil Rights Movement. For the good of the Nation, I urge that Republican leaders in the Senate and the House change that shameful course.  Mr. President, the Senate will soon vote to bring us one step closer to passage of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act or CARA. Last week I suggested that we stay in session and do our job on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday so we could finish the bill, but I understand the Republican leadership wanted to take a long weekend, so we did not finish it, but now we can.  I am a cosponsor of this bill because it addresses the growing problem of prescription opioid and heroin addiction that has had devastating impacts on communities all over the country, including my home State of Vermont.  This bill represents an important shift in the way we approach the issue of substance abuse and addiction. It sets a comprehensive framework to reduce opioid deaths, prevent addiction, and improve treatment. It will also help those who suffer from opioid use disorders achieve recovery, and perhaps most importantly this bill reflects the consensus of this body that the Nation cannot arrest or jail its way out of this addiction problem.  Since my first field hearing in Rutland, VT, on this topic in 2008, I have been inspired by how my fellow Vermonters across the political spectrum have shaped the discussion about this public health crisis and how they have served as a model for communities across the Nation.  I certainly feel this bill represents important progress, but we cannot be satisfied with just passing this one bill. We also need a significant commitment of targeted funding so we can carry out and implement the programs authorized by this bill.  It is one thing to say we are going to authorize these great programs even though we are not going to pay for them, but don't you feel good that we authorized them. Now we can all go home and tell our constituents we care. We authorized it, but we will not pay for it.  At least Senator Shaheen stood and proposed an amendment that would have provided emergency funding to do just that. Her vital amendment had the support of a majority in this body, but Republican Senators blocked it from being considered and adopted. It is unfortunate because Senator Shaheen's amendment would have provided the resources to strengthen both the law enforcement and public health components that would have delivered the necessary resources to health care professionals all over the country who are overwhelmed by a need they cannot meet.  I believe there is bipartisan agreement that we have to stop the loss of life caused by opioid abuse. There should be a bipartisan agreement to provide the money necessary to do so.  There is an opportunity to make the bill better. Many Members have filed amendments to improve CARA. A number of amendments were filed by both Republicans and Democrats. Unfortunately, the Republican leader has not allowed us to have an open amendment process, and contrary to what he said earlier, a number of Senators have been blocked from offering their amendments. I tried to work--and did in a bipartisan way with Senators Grassley, Whitehouse, and Klobuchar--to consider this bill and report it to the Senate floor. We have continued our bipartisan effort to reach agreement on a number of amendments that could improve the bill. I hope those important bipartisan efforts will continue this week so we can consider these amendments and have final passage this week.  Let us have an open process. These amendments can be voted on up or down or adopted by consent. It is one thing for us to talk about what we want to do, it is another thing to have the courage to vote for it. If we do not vote for it, we are just voting maybe. Let us vote yes or no.  As we work toward Senate passage of CARA, our goal should be to make this the best bill possible. Addiction is nothing less than an epidemic and CARA treats it like one. This bill demonstrates that Congress now sees addiction for what it is--a public health crisis all over our country. We need to equip our communities with both the programs and resources they need to get ahead of addiction.  CARA will save lives. It is worth putting the money in there to make sure it works.  Mr. President, I see the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia on the floor, and I yield the floor.  