 Many Senators in both parties have appropriately condemned the racist comments recently made by the Republican Party's presumptive Presidential nominee about Judge Curiel. Sadly, these baseless allegations he has made against a distinguished Federal judge come as no surprise. We have seen for months that personal insults are the calling card of the Republican standard bearer. But I would say, similar to what many in both parties have said, anyone seeking the highest office of this great Nation has to understand the fundamental role that judges play in our democracy. The rule of law protects all of us, but only when administered by an independent judiciary.  I am deeply troubled by this attack on a sitting Federal judge, but make no mistake--it is not the first, nor will it be the last Republican attack on the independence of our Federal judiciary. This may be the most extreme example, but it is just the latest in a series of Republican actions that seek to undermine and compromise a coequal branch of government.  For more than 7 years, Senate Republicans have tried to block judicial nominations through stalling and delaying. They have even distorted the records of the men and women nominated to serve on the Federal bench. This systematic--and it has been systematic--obstruction has hurt courts across the country. But it is not just the courts I am worried about; it is the American people who go to those courts seeking justice. Judicial vacancies have soared under Republican leadership, even though we have dozens of nominations that have bipartisan support, and they are languishing on the Senate floor.  Earlier this year, Senate Republicans took their obstruction one totally unprecedented step further. Within hours of the news of Justice Scalia's passing, the Republican leader declared his unilateral refusal to allow anyone to be confirmed to the Supreme Court until the following year, even though he said this in February. It was an extraordinarily partisan decision, and there is no precedent for it in the United States Senate under either Democratic or Republican leadership. Since confirmation hearings began a century ago, never, never has the Senate denied a Supreme Court nominee a hearing.  Recently, two law professors extensively analyzed the history of the Supreme Court. They concluded thatthere is no historical precedent for this refusal to consider Chief Judge Garland's nomination. In fact, according to their report, there have been 103 prior times in history when an elected President has filled a Supreme Court vacancy prior to the election of the next President and has done so with the advice and consent of the Senate--103 times. The Republicans' unprecedented obstruction--and I quote here--``threatens to damage the appointments process in the future and risks significant harm to the Court.''  The Senate Republican leadership has chosen to put the functioning of our highest Court in jeopardy for more than a year. That is the partisan attack on our independent judicial system that more Americans need to understand. When the dust settles on this latest series of accusations by the Republican's standard bearer, I hope the American people remember what this says about his disrespect for the rule of law, what it says about his disrespect for our justice system, what it says about how he will treat those who may disagree with him, and what it says about those who fail to hold him accountable.  Our Founders understood that this great Nation needs an independent judiciary. They designed our courts to be insulated from the political whims of the moment. They designed our judiciary to serve as a check on the political branches, including on the power of the President. Can you imagine a future President who does not respect the role judges play? A President who thinks judges should be disqualified from doing their jobs simply based on their race or their gender?  For the good of the country, I call on my Republican friends to stop diminishing our independent Federal judiciary. It is too important to be treated like an election-year pawn. Our Federal courts, from the Supreme Court all the way down, deserve to be at full strength, and the Senate needs to treat fairly the dozens of nominees before us, all of whom have earned bipartisan support.  It is not fair to attack sitting judges for political gain when they cannot even respond to the attack. It is also not fair to make allegations against judges who, as nominees, cannot respond because Senate Republicans refuse to have a public hearing.  If the Republican leaders of this body want to distinguish themselves from the rhetoric of the campaign trail, they should change course here in the Senate. Actions speak louder than words. They should allow Chief Judge Garland a public hearing and a confirmation vote this month. They should allow an up-or-down vote on the 22 judicial nominees who have been reported favorably by the Senate Judiciary Committee and who just sit here, waiting for a vote.  The American people deserve leaders who respect and support our Federal courts and have the courage to take action.  Let me say from a personal point that I remember the day I stood before the Vermont Supreme Court as though it was yesterday. I took my oath as the newest lawyer in Vermont, and I was the youngest lawyer in the State of Vermont. I was very conscious of that, being both the youngest and the newest. But I remember the senior partner of our law firm, who was a well-known conservative Republican throughout the State, and as a young lawyer he told me: Do the best job you can. Always tell the truth. But you do not criticize the judges. You might not like their decisions. You can always appeal them. Maybe you will win; maybe you will lose. But protect the integrity of our courts. They are above politics. They should not be brought into it.  Frankly, the attacks against a judge born in Indiana, a man who has defended our Constitution, the people of this country, even when his life was threatened--to attack him, to make racist comments about him, to demean the courts, to demean our judiciary, our Federal system, the best in the world--it made my skin crawl. It was puerile; it was wrong. I hope that all of us in both parties will stand above that and protect the integrity of our Federal judiciary.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  