Just a year ago we were mourning the loss of 9 parishioners who were murdered in their church by a hateful domestic terrorist. It is unacceptable that hundreds more have died as a result of mass shootings since that tragic day in Charleston. This includes the victims killed at military facilities in Tennessee, a college in Oregon, a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado, an office gathering in San Bernardino, and dozens of other communities around the country.  Enough is enough. Ella is rightfully tired of excuses--and so am I. We cannot accept that daily shootings are the new normal. I was proud to join Senator Murphy, Senator Booker, Senator Blumenthal, and others here on the Senate floor last Wednesday in a call to action, and I commend those Senators for their determined leadership last week. We have to do something. Congress must act.  When Democrats were last in the majority in the Senate, I was Chairman of the Judiciary Committee last Congress and we took action. We convened hearings, debated and reported out sensible legislation to punish criminals who traffic in firearms, to close loopholes that allow criminals to acquire guns, and other measures to prevent mass shootings. We had broad support from the public and a bipartisan group of Senators. But Senate Republicans blocked every single one of these responsible proposals. And since re-taking control of the Senate, Republicans have stood in the way of even the most modest reforms. There have been no hearings and there was no willingness to allow votes on any gun violence legislation until Democrats took a stand.  Last week, Democrats demanded action on this issue, and tonight we will have four votes, and Americans across the country will know where each Senator stands. I am a responsible and proud gun owner, and most Vermonters know we should do everything we can to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. In order to do that, we must close the loophole that allows suspected terrorists to pass the background checks conducted at gun stores. Senator Feinstein's amendment would give law enforcement the discretion to actually stop the sale of a gun to a known or suspected terrorist who presents a public safety threat. Had Senator Feinstein's amendment been law when the Orlando shooter attempted to buy his assault weapon, the FBI would have had notice to see what he was doing and could have prevented the tragedy in Orlando. The Department of Justice, which includes the FBI, supports Senator Feinstein's amendment and I support this commonsense amendment.  Closing the ``terror gap'' is not enough. If a potential terrorist is prevented from buying a gun in a local store, we have to ensure that he cannot simply buy the same gun online without any sort of background check. If background checks are not universal--online, at gun shows, and everywhere else--then what is the point? Senator Murphy's amendment closes a major loophole by requiring background checks for every firearm sale, including gun shows and Internet sales--with reasonable exceptions including transfers to close family members.  The amendments offered by Senators Feinstein and Murphy are sensible approaches that will help stop the gun violence that is plaguing our Nation. In contrast, the alternatives offered by Senators Cornyn and Grassley do not adequately address the problems we face--and in some respects they make things worse. The Cornyn amendment would impose impractical and unnecessary burdens on law enforcement, and could allow a known or suspected terrorist to buy a gun even when the government has filed an emergency petition to block the sale. And the Grassley amendment does nothing to fix the gaping holes in the background check system. I am concerned that the Grassley amendment could actually make it easier for individuals with known mental illnesses to obtain firearms. Anyone who is watching this debate to determine which proposals would help prevent the next Orlando tragedy need to understand that neither the Cornyn nor Grassley amendments would have stopped the Orlando shooter from getting his guns. Congress must pass bills that fix loopholes in a responsible way, not create more dangerous gaps in our gun laws.  The vast majority of Americans support stronger background checks. They want to prevent terrorists of all types from obtaining guns. When I pick up a firearm from a gun store in Vermont, even though the person may have known me all his life, I have to go through a background check. That does not bother me a bit. But I do not want somebody who has warrants outstanding against them or restraining orders from their spouse against them to be able to walk into a gun show and buy the same weapon with no background check. If Senators listen to their constituents, they will do the right thing and vote for the Feinstein and the Murphy amendments to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and suspected terrorists. And they will vote against the Cornyn and Grassley amendments.  In the wake of mass gun violence, whether the victims are members of the LGBT community, African-American church parishioners, first graders in an elementary school, college students, or military servicemembers or others in our community, we are called to come together in solidarity as Americans. We must come together in support of the victims, their families, law enforcement personnel and first responders, and the entire community tonight. Let's enact real solutions. They might prevent further acts of senseless violence.  To the millions of Americans who agree with Ella, I hope you are watching the Senate today. I thank Ella for reminding us all that we cannot stand idly by, wait for the next tragedy, and simply offer our thoughts and prayers.  Now is the time Congress has to act to pass commonsense measures that have languished for too long and could save American lives. I support the amendments offered by Senator Feinstein and Senator Murphy.  I hope my fellow Senators will do the same.  I yield the floor.  