President, people talk about partisan gridlock and the do-nothing Congress. There is plenty of justification for it. Judge Merrick Garland, nominated to the Supreme Court on March 16, has been waiting for a hearing, not to mention a vote, for more than 6 months. None of the appropriation bills to fund the government in 2017 will be enacted before the end of this fiscal year, just 2 days from now, even though every one of them has been reported by the Appropriations Committee. We are once again voting on a stopgap continuing resolution to keep the government running until December 9.  As part of the continuing resolution, I proposed including a provision that would give American businesses a level playing field against their foreign competitors.  Right now, the Export-Import Bank cannot approve financing totaling more than $10 million, because the Republicans have refused to vote on the President's nominee for the third member of the Ex-Im Bank's board of directors. Under current law, that means the Bank lacks a quorum, and it is severely limited in what it can do.  My provision would have permitted the current board members to approve financing over $10 million, for the period of the continuing resolution.  This was not a farfetched idea. In fact, both House and Senate fiscal year 2017 appropriations bills that are waiting for a vote include a similar provision. By including it in the continuing resolution, we would simply be doing what majorities in both appropriations committees have already agreed to.  According to the Ex-Im Bank, it currently has a pipeline of more than 30 transactions, each of which exceeds $10 million, valued at over $20 billion in total that are stalled because of the quorum requirement.  In other words, the Republican leadership is blocking financing to U.S. companies that are ready to compete for contracts to sell their products and services overseas. They may not get the chance.  One would think, since Republicans regularly insist that they are the party that cares more about American business, this would not be difficult. They talk about wanting to help U.S. companies so they will not move offshore. They talk about standing up for American workers. They talk about a lot of things.  But did they include it? No. There wasn't even a debate. They just said no dice because a tiny minority of their members opposes it.  That is what has happened to the Congress. Because the Republican leadership either supports or is unwilling to challenge obstructionists on their fringe, nothing happens. There are countless examples of it.  I hope the American people are paying attention. I hope businesses around the country that pay taxes and need support from the Ex-Im Bank are paying attention. Elections do matter, and this is just one of many reasons.  