President, I have been here on the floor before, joined by Senator Grassley, to share my frustration with the EB-5 Regional Center Program. Senator Grassley and I have been working for years to improve this flawed program that is set to expire tomorrow, but, once again, unfortunately, the congressional leadership on the other side has rejected our bipartisan reforms and the program will be extended in the continuing resolution.  We have done this in a way, as has been pointed out, as a Republican and as a Democrat--two of the most senior Members of this body--who have introduced real reforms, but time and again leadership has caved behind closed doors to narrow corporate interests. I believe that is a serious mistake.  The EB-5 Program I once championed seems like a distant memory. The program was designed to bring jobs to underserved rural and distressed urban communities. For some time, it did just that. Communities in Vermont, like Warren and Vergennes, once used EB-5 to create and save jobs during difficult economic times, but that is EB-5 of yesterday.  Today EB-5 is mired in fraud and abuse. It suffers from obvious and outrageous flaws. It is a magnet for fraud, security violations are rampant, and the incentives Congress created to promote investment and create jobs in rural and high unemployment areas--the sole reason I championed the program--have been rendered obsolete through economic gerrymandering.  Only 3 percent of EB-5 investors now invest in rural areas--3 percent. The distinguished senior Senator from Iowa and I understand what a rural area is, and they are not being served. Less than 10 percent invest in true high unemployment areas. Almost every other EB-5 project uses gerrymandering to qualify as distressed, despite many being located in the most affluent areas of the country. The fact that a luxury hotel in Beverly Hills can use gerrymandering to claim it is located in a distressed community is troubling. Beverly Hills is not rural Iowa or rural Vermont, but the fact that this type of abuse now represents almost 90 percent of the entire EB-5 Program is appalling.  Anyone who maintains that today's EB-5 Program is about creating jobs is either a lobbyist for the real estate industry or is simply not paying attention. An untold number of the luxury developments that now dominate EB-5 would be pursued even if you did not have EB-5 financing. Financing provided through EB-5 represents a small portion of the capital stack. To claim that EB-5 is responsible for all of these jobs is a farce. EB-5 merely allows developers to replace their conventional financing with dirt cheap capital subsidized by the sale of U.S. visas.  It is not just exploited by wealthy American developers. Chinese developers, and even the Chinese Government itself, are now exploiting the EB-5 subsidy. That is beyond troubling when a foreign government is permitted to earn tens of millions of dollars through the sale of U.S. visas.  The proposal I developed with Senator Grassley would address this. It would require background checks. It would require third-party oversight of funds. It would create protections for defrauded investors. It would ban foreign government ownership of an EB-5 company. It would end gerrymandering and provide modest incentives to direct a small portion of investment to underserved areas--just 15 percent to both rural and urban poor communities--but even this was too much for some developers and some lobbyists.  Gluttonous, shortsighted corporate greed blocked these critical reforms, greed that was given a voice by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Unfortunately, the leadership has allowed a couple of powerful developers to exploit this program's flaws to derail critical reforms. I find it shameful that the worst abusers of this program have been given, by some in Congress, veto power over its reform.  I commend Secretary Johnson and his efforts to improve EB-5. I commend his efforts to change the rules to address fraud, inadequate investment levels, and the abuse of development incentives.  I will work with the chairmen of the Senate and House Judiciary Committees and the next Secretary of Homeland Security to get these reforms implemented and enforced, but the EB-5 regional Senate program no longer serves the American people's interests. It certainly does not serve the rural and urban poor communities as Congress intended.  Next year, I will be the vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee, and I will continue to press for broad bipartisan reform. I know Senator Grassley and Senator Feinstein, the incoming ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, will not sit idly by either.  If EB-5 cannot be reformed due to the paralysis of leadership, it is very simple. If it cannot be reformed, then let us end EB-5.  I yield the floor.  