President, it is becoming too common a theme that the U.S. Senate, in the closing days of session, rushes to consider a conferenced defense authorization bill. Earlier this year, we considered one of the largest defense authorization bills in history, and the Senate considered few amendments and was afforded a truncated debate period. Worse, the authorization threatened to bust a carefully balanced budget agreement, by misusing overseas contingency operations, OCO, funds for base spending. I opposed that bill. Now, in the closing hours of the Congress, we are faced with a vote on a conferenced version of that bill. It is far from perfect.  However, like open government groups across the spectrum, I am pleased to see that a dangerous provision concerning the Freedom of Information Act, FOIA, that Senator Grassley and I strongly opposed has been removed from the final bill. This overbroad provision, which was part of the reason I opposed the Senate bill, could have categorically exempted a vast amount of Department of Defense information from public disclosure, including potentially the Pentagon's handling of sexual assault complaints, reports about defective equipment issued to soldiers in combat zones, and documented health hazards faced by military families living on bases abroad. Hiding such information from public scrutiny would directly undermine the transparency required to address threats to the safety and security of our troops. As the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, the committee with jurisdiction over FOIA matters, Senator Grassley and I are glad that our concerns were taken seriously and addressed. Now that this provision has been struck, our Nation's premier transparency law can continue its critical mission of watching over the safety of those who risk it all to keep us safe.  I am also grateful for the vital support this bill provides to our military personnel and their families and the augmentation of our preparedness to deter, or meet, future threats through a wise investment in technology and people. As the world becomes less stable, this bill includes a number of measures to reaffirm our long-standing commitments to our partners abroad who work with us to make the world safer.  Nonetheless, I still have concerns with a number of ill-considered provisions in this bill. I am not yet satisfied that sufficient consideration has been given to how the caps on general officers affect the National Guard, where leadership often alternates between Army and Air Force officers. No one has accounted for why the vice chief of the National Guard Bureau is the only Vice Chief to not have a grade established by statute. And I remain concerned that this bill removes the requirement that the deputy commander of the U.S. Northern Command be drawn from the ranks of the National Guard. It is our National Guard leaders who are most capable of responding to domestic disasters.  Regrettably, this year's defense authorization bill also misses an opportunity to provide the Obama administration with the flexibility it needs to finally close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. Rather than putting an end to this shameful chapter in our Nation's history, the bill maintains the status quo by extending the unnecessary prohibition on constructing facilities within the United States to house Guantanamo detainees and continues the counterproductive ban on transferring detainees to the United States for detention and trial. Closing the detention facility at Guantanamo is in our national security interest. It is the right thing to do. I strongly oppose the needless barriers to doing that in this bill.  In the end, I do believe this authorization bill more appropriately provides for the common defense. Nonetheless, Members of Congress, on either side of the aisle, should not tolerate this perennially constrained debate over the authorization of over half of our Nation's budget. Similarly, if Congress considers legislation next year about the important question of civilian control of the military, it should not do so under the abbreviated, restricted debate by which we will finally approve the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017.  It was my highest honor when Vermonters voted to send me back to the Senate this past November. In a time of uncertainty, they are looking for leaders. I am, too. I hope Senate leaders next year will insist on regular order and the deliberative process that has long been the hallmark of this body.  