. policy toward Cuba.  What we know is that the President-elect has said contradictory things about President Obama's decision to resume diplomatic relations with Cuba, as he has about some other issues. Among other things, he has tweeted that he plans to reverse the Obama administration's regulatory changes relaxing restrictions on U.S. engagement with Cuba unless the Cuban Government agrees to a ``better deal.''  Despite that, we don't actually know what he will do. I hope, before making a decision, he listens to advocates on both sides of the issue, including Cuban-Americans, a growing majority of whom support the resumption of diplomatic relations. As someone who hastraveled to Cuba many times and seen firsthand the benefits of the policy of engagement for both the Cuban people and the American people, I will do whatever I can to encourage the President-elect to continue that policy.  The decision to resume diplomatic relations has been enthusiastically supported here and around the world. One of our closest allies in South America--their Ambassador talked to my wife Marcelle and me the day our flag went up for the first time in over 50 years at our Embassy in Havana.  He said: You know, our country has always strongly supported the United States. But we are also friends of Cuba, and the relationship between the United States and Cuba was always like a stone in our shoe. Today, when your flag went up over your Embassy, the stone came out of our shoe.  The number of Americans who travel to Cuba has risen dramatically in the past two years. U.S. airline companies and cruise ships are carrying passengers there. Hotel deals have been signed.  But the same 5 Members of Congress--3 in the Senate, 2 in the House, of the 535 Members of the House and the Senate--these 5 Members have steadfastly opposed the new opening with Cuba. They continually say that the only Cubans who have benefited from the new opening are Raul Castro and the Cuban military.  Of course the Cuban Government has benefited. That is unavoidable. It happens in any country with state-owned enterprises with which we also have diplomatic and commercial relations. There are many like that. But it is false and misleading to say that they alone have benefited. In fact, the Cuban people, particularly Cuban entrepreneurs, have benefited. So have the American people, and they overwhelmingly want this opening to continue.  I have met many times with Cuban Government officials. I have also met with Cuban dissidents who have been persecuted and imprisoned. No one is a stronger defender of democracy and human rights there than I am. I raised the issue of dissidents being imprisoned, first face-to-face with Fidel Castro many years ago, and later with Raul Castro. Like President Obama, we all want the Cuban people to be able to express themselves freely and to choose their own leaders in a free and fair election. But I resent the assertions of those who remain wedded to the old, failed policy that to favor diplomatic relations is a form of appeasement to the Castro government.  I am as outraged as anyone when Cubans who peacefully advocate for human rights and democracy are harassed, threatened, arrested, and abused, just as I am when such violations of human rights occur in other countries, including countries by governments whose armed forces and police annually receive hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. aid.  For 55 years we have tried the approach of isolating and pressuring Cuba that is still advocated by a dwindling, albeit passionate, minority in Congress. That approach has failed miserably. The Castro family and their shrinking circle of aging revolutionaries are still in power. Cuba is still a country where political dissent is not tolerated.  No one who knows the Castro government expected the resumption of diplomatic relations to quickly result in an end to oppression of free elections. Those who label the policy of engagement a failure after just 2 years because the Castro government continues to persecute its opponents are either naive or not to be taken seriously. Change in Cuba will happen incrementally, as it does in most countries. But I have no doubt that in a lot fewer than 55 years, the Cuban people have a lot more freedoms than they have had in the past 55 years.  The record is indisputable. Bullying the Cuban Government and making threats and ultimatums have achieved nothing in more than half a century. In fact, it isolated the United States and damaged our own interests.  Consider for a moment what it would mean if we did what these five Members of Congress advocate. Not only would we have no Embassy in Cuba, but to be consistent we would have to withdraw our Ambassadors and impose a unilateral embargo against China, Vietnam, Russia, Ethiopia, and many other countries where human rights are routinely violated, where political opponents and journalists and defenders of human rights are imprisoned and tortured, where there is no such thing as a fair trial, where civil society organizations are threatened and harassed, and where dissent is severely punished.  And when we withdraw, others will happily fill the vacuum, as they have in Cuba, which trades with countries around the world, including with many of our closest allies. In fact, I recall a meeting I had with the Ambassadors of at least a dozen European and Asian countries and with representatives of major companies from those countries. They told me: We love your embargo. Keep your embargo. Our companies can do business here and they don't have to compete with American businesses.  Is that what these isolationist Members of Congress want, or are they just concerned about human rights in Cuba? Would they rather have Cubans buy rice grown in China or in Louisiana? Would they rather have Cubans buy milk from New Zealand as they do now or from the United States? Would they prefer that China and Russia build ports and airports in Cuba while we lower the flag at our Embassy, pound our chest, and demand the Cuban Government to relinquish power? That argument is as illogical as it is inconsistent.  For 55 years, Americans have been free to travel anywhere--Iran, Russia, Vietnam, any country in the world--but not to Cuba, which is only 90 miles away. One of my fellow Senators, a Republican Senator, who has traveled often to Cuba, said: It is one thing if a Communist country tells me I cannot come to their country, but I don't want my country telling me I can't go there.  Last year, more than half a million Americans visited Cuba. This year, the number is even higher. Even from my little State of Vermont, so many people just drive a few miles to the airport in Canada and fly down. These Members of Congress want to turn back the clock and make it a crime for Americans to travel to only one country in the world--Cuba. If North Korea will let you in, you can go there, but not to Cuba. If you go to Egypt, which is cracking down on dissent, that is fine, but not to Cuba. I could go on and on.  Fortunately, more Republicans and Democrats in both the House and Senate support the right of Americans to travel freely to Cuba, the right of U.S. farmers to sell their products on credit to Cuban buyers, and the rights of Cuban private entrepreneurs who are already benefiting directly from the new opening with the United States. They will benefit even more when the U.S. embargo--a failed, self-defeating, vindictive policy if there ever was one--has finally ended.  I have talked with the Cuban owners of these private businesses. They say they are now able to make far more money than before because as things have opened up, as more Americans travel there, these businesses have expanded to meet the growing demand. Those who continue to defend the embargo should listen to these people. I hope the President-elect will listen to them.  The purpose of a policy of engagement is to protect and defend the interests of the United States and the American people and to promote our values and our products. Diplomatic relations is not a reward to a foreign government; it is what we do to protect our own interests. Do the isolationists think our Embassy in Russia is a reward to President Putin, or that having an Ambassador in Moscow somehow conveys that we agree with President Putin's corrupt and repressive policies? Does anyone think that Russia's Embassy here in Washington is somehow a reward to the United States or to President Obama? Does anyone think the Cuban Government regards its Ambassador here as a reward to us?  The United States has interests in every country, even if it is just to stand up for the rights of Americans who travel and study or work overseas. But there are many other reasons, such as promoting trade and investment, protecting national security, law enforcement cooperation, and stopping the spread of contagious diseases. These are all in the interest of the United States but they are far harder to pursue without diplomatic relations.  We either believe in the benefits of diplomacy or we don't. We either empower our diplomats or we don't. Cuba,after a year of difficult negotiations, agreed to reopen embassies. Americans are traveling to Cuba in record numbers, including representatives of American companies, chambers of commerce, and State and local government officials. Our two governments have signed new agreements paving the way for cooperation on a wide range of issues, from the resumption of regular postal and commercial airline service, to cooperation on law enforcement and search-and-rescue.  I urge Members of Congress to get briefed on the many ways our countries are cooperating, to our benefit. It might be an eye-opener.  I understand this is an emotional issue for some Cuban-American families, including some who are Members of Congress. I have met with a number of these families. But I have also met with many who have gone to Cuba even though their property was confiscated by the Cuban government, even though they thought they would never go back, but now they can go and visit old friends, and they have changed their views.  In fact, after 55 years, survey after survey, poll after poll shows that most Cuban-Americans support the new policy of engagement. They want the United States to have an embassy in Havana. They are not saying they agree with the Cuban government, but they are saying they want the United States to have an embassy in Havana.  There is a time for family politics, and there is a time for what is in the best interest of the Nation as a whole, all 50 States. Diplomatic relations serve the national interest.  I urge these Members of Congress to put what is in the interest of the American people above their personal interest. Listen to the overwhelming majority of the Cuban and American people. They want the policy of engagement to continue because they believe it is the best hope for a free and prosperous Cuba.  Marcelle and I had a delightful time in Vermont a few months ago when we went and cheered on a group of Little Leaguers from all over our State. They were going to Cuba to play with Little Leaguers in Cuba. Marcelle and I gave them an American flag that had been flown over the U.S. Capitol. Those kids were grinning from ear to ear while holding it, and they sent me pictures of them flying the American flag on the baseball fields in Cuba where they were playing ball and being photographed, the Cuban teams with their flag and the Vermont team with ours. Only a few years ago that would not have happened--the U.S. flag flying in Cuba with the Cuban people cheering.  One of the photographs I remember the most from that trip was taken by a member of my office, Lisa Brighenti. The picture was from the back, and one team wore red T-shirts and the other wore blue. There they were--so much like you see with Little Leaguers--walking off the field, their arms around each other's shoulders, and they just played a game together. You don't have to see their faces or which T-shirt says ``United States'' and which one says ``Cuba.'' You know it is one of each, and they are together because of their shared love of the game.  I think of the times during the worst part of the Cold War, and I have gone to countries behind what we then called the Iron Curtain. I would be talking to Foreign Ministers, Defense Ministers, people in key positions, and they would say ``My niece went to Stanford'' or ``My son is studying at the University of Kentucky,'' and some would tell me about my own alma mater, Georgetown.  These were openings that everybody from our diplomatic corps to our intelligence community would tell me were very important because they would learn about us, and, just as importantly, we would learn about them.  So I urge President-Elect Trump to carefully weigh the pros and cons of this issue. I believe that if he follows his instincts, if he listens to Cuban private entrepreneurs, he, too, will conclude that it makes no sense to return to a failed policy of isolation. That policy has been used by the Castros as an excuse to justify their grip on power and their failed economic policies, it has divided the Cuban and American people, and no other country in this hemisphere supports it.  As that Ambassador said to Marcelle and me: When your flag went up, the stone came out of our shoe.  The Cuban and American people share much in common--our history, our cultures, our families, our ideals, our hopes for the future. We are neighbors. Our economies are increasingly intertwined. We should no longer be isolated from one another.  As the Castro era ends, our policy today is focused on the next generation of Cuban entrepreneurs, activists, students, and leaders. They are Cuba's future. We should endeavor to engage with them in every way we can. I met with some of them, as did a bipartisan group of House and Senate Members, earlier this week. They are bright, motivated young people. They are starting their own businesses. What a refreshing attitude they have toward life. Will everything change overnight? No. But Cuba is changing.  I want to yield the floor, but before I do, I will say that I will speak on this many more times. I think our relationship with Cuba is important not only for the United States but for the whole hemisphere. The stone has come out of the shoe; let's not put it back in. Let's work to help the Cuban people--not the Cuban Government but the Cuban people. By helping the Cuban people, we help ourselves.  With that, I yield the floor.  