President, one, so we fully understand, we are perfectly willing to have--even though we don't hold Judiciary Committee meetings every week as we used to--we would be perfectly willing to have a meeting that was not in a backroom but open so the press would see it.  It is important to have such meetings open, for the press and anybody who wants to come in. It is unfortunate that we have had--with the Supreme Court vacancy--there has been a closed-door, back-room meeting. That is when a small handful of Republican Senators decided, with the Republican leader, to say the President should not follow his constitutional duty and nominate a Supreme Court nominee, and, in an unprecedented fashion, the Senate Judiciary Committee would not follow its constitutional obligation of advice and consent.  In that small closed-door meeting, it was decided that Senators should not follow the solemn oath they have taken on this floor when they say they will uphold the Constitution ``so help me God.'' We have had enough closed-door meetings, especially closed-door meetings that tell us to violate an oath where they said ``so help me God'' and to not follow the Constitution.  I think it is important that we have these meetings since the untimely passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. There is certainly a disagreement over how to move forward in filling the Supreme Court vacancy, but I think the American people want us to do our job. This is a time we should have an open conversation about it, not closed-door meetings, where afterward self-serving press releases are issued, which may or may not accurately represent what went on in those meetings.  The American people deserve to have us do our job, hear us discuss and debate the committee's next steps in fulfilling our constitutional duty.  Last night, my friend, the senior Senator from Iowa, decided to postpone this meeting rather than have it in public. Now we have to wait another week before the committee can sit down in public so the American people can discuss an issue that is so important. The move to postpone today's meeting is troubling, given that last week's meeting--a meeting that should have happened with the participation of all the committee members in a room open to the public, showing us doing our jobs--was also postponed. So we didn't have a meeting in public. We weren't doing our job.  Instead, last week the committee's Republicans decided to meet behind closed doors--the public couldn't follow what they were doing--without any Democrats so they could hatch a partisan plan to obstruct any effort to consider the next nominee to the Supreme Court and do that no matter what the Constitution says. There was no consultation with any Democrats serving on the committee. There was no public discussion of any kind.  Certainly, in my 40 years here, whether Republicans have been in control of the Senate or Democrats, I cannot think of any precedent for this kind of closed-door discussion of how we avoid doing our job. Instead, 11 Republican Senators unilaterally decided the Senate would abdicate its responsibility and block all of us from fulfillingour constitutional obligation of advice and consent. They block all of us from doing our job.  Supreme Court nominations are a unique priority for the Judiciary Committee. Since I have served in the Senate--I voted on every member currently on the Supreme Court and on several who have since retired--the Judiciary Committee has always held hearings on Supreme Court nominees, and they have always reported them to the full Senate for consideration.  When I took over as chairman of the Judiciary Committee in 2001, George W. Bush was President. I did not agree with much of what his administration was already doing--I was very frank in discussions with President Bush to tell him that--and I was not sure if I would approve of any Supreme Court nominations he might have the opportunity to make, but even with those reservations, I wrote a letter with then-ranking member Senator Hatch memorializing an agreement we reached--which Republicans gave their word to follow--about how the Judiciary Committee would consider Supreme Court nominees.  In that letter that Senator Hatch and I wrote, he gave his word and I gave mine:       The Judiciary Committee's traditional practice has been to      report Supreme Court nominees to the Senate once the      Committee has completed its considerations. This has been      true even in cases where Supreme Court nominees were opposed      by a majority of the Judiciary Committee.  Senator Hatch and I gave our word on that. The Republican leader at the time, Senator Lott, then read our letter into the Congressional Record to ensure that it was available to all Americans to see, and I took the word of Republicans in this body that they believed what they were saying. It showed the long understanding of the Senate Judiciary Committee's commitment to an open, fair process, even when the majority does not agree with the opposing party's President.  The priority of the Judiciary Committee has afforded Supreme Court nominees is exemplified by its consideration of two of the most contentious nominations to the Court: Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas.  In both instances, then-Chairman Biden moved the nominations to the full Senate, even though a majority of the Senate Judiciary Committee did not support the nominations. In other words, the majority did not support the nomination, but we still moved them forward.  In Robert Bork's case, a committee vote to report out his nomination favorably failed by a vote of 5 to 9, with both Republicans and Democrats voting against it. At the time, the Reagan administration was quietly asking him to withdraw his name, but he still wanted to have a vote, and the committee then voted to report his nomination with an unfavorable recommendation. He was reported out unfavorably by a vote of 9 to 5 so the full Senate could consider him. Some Democrats voted for him. Many Democrats voted against him. Some Republicans voted for him. Many Republicans voted against him, but he had his vote.  In Clarence Thomas's case, the committee voted to report out his nomination favorably. That failed by a vote of 7 to 7. The committee then voted to report his nomination without recommendation, and by 13 to 1 we voted to give him a chance to be heard on the floor.  Even when a majority of committee members have not supported a nominee, as was the case with Robert Bork or Clarence Thomas, we have not denied the full Senate--or the American people--the opportunity to debate and consider a Supreme Court nominee. We were not going to say this Senate shouldn't do its job.  The Judiciary Committee has a strong tradition of transparency. I remember when I first came on, there was one of the most conservative Senators as chairman, Jim Eastland. We have done it with all who have been chairs. I believe the American people have a right to see and hear what we are doing. They have a right to know whether we are doing our job. They have a right to weigh in on the decisions we make. Nowhere does transparency matter more than a lifetime appointment to the highest Court in our land. You can't decide a question of somebody going on the highest Court of our land, with a lifetime appointment, and do it with a small group behind closed doors. That is not doing our job. There is no place for backroom deals for something so important. Public confirmation hearings are a vital part of our democracy. That is not just about us.  Public hearings are how Americans meet the nominee. Public hearings allow every American the opportunity to watch and listen to this person whose decisions may have a lasting impact on their lives. Ultimately, what this small group of Republican members of the committee meeting behind closed doors unilaterally decided last week was to reject the longstanding tradition of public hearings. In doing so, they are denying Americans--all Americans, Republicans and Democrats alike--the chance to participate in the consideration of a nominee. They deny Americans a chance to have us do our job.  The Judiciary Committee is one of the busiest in the Senate. It considers some of the most consequential issues affecting millions of Americans. When we commit ourselves to what brought us here, to do our job and work together for our constituents, we can achieve great things. This is what happened 3 years ago when the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform. After six hearings and 3 weeks of markups--many lasting until very late at night--each of the 18 Senators serving on the committee participated in the process to draft that legislation. I allowed everybody who had an amendment to bring it up. We would go back and forth--one Democrat, one Republican, back and forth. We did this day after day, late at night sometimes, but all in public. It was all covered by television. Not all of us supported the bill, but all of us had a chance to debate and amend it. Even the staunchest opponents of the legislation, including some in the Chamber right now, praised the Judiciary Committee's transparent and fair process for consideration of that bill. A Vermont editorial at the time called our committee proceedings--because they were open, because everybody had a chance to participate, because the American people could see what we were doing, because we were doing our job--``a lesson in democracy.'' I think it is time for a refresher course.  The legal issues before the Supreme Court are significant, and its importance in our constitutional democracy cannot be overstated, nor can the responsibility of both the President to follow his constitutional duty to nominate and the Judiciary Committee's responsibility to fairly consider a nominee to serve in the highest Court in the land.  It is with deep concern I come to the floor. I urge my friend, the chairman, and all members of the Judiciary Committee to renew their commitment to transparency and regular order. I ask that you withhold judgment. I ask those who met behind closed doors to withhold your judgment until you can review the record of whomever the President nominates. I ask you to give the next nominee to the Supreme Court a fair hearing, as we have done in this body--the body should be the conscience of the Nation--for the last 100 years. The American people expect us to do our job.  Senator Coons is on the floor. The distinguished Senator from Delaware is the ranking member of the Court Subcommittee. I wish to ask Senator Coons, through the Chair, what his understanding of the role of the Senate Judiciary Committee with regard to the next Supreme Court nominee is.  