President, today the Senate is considering the nominations of Gary Katzmann of Massachusetts and Jennifer Choe Groves of Virginia to fill judicial vacancies on the U.S. Court of International Trade. It is a step in the right direction that the majority leader has agreed to take these nominations, but two other nominees to the Court of International Trade remain pending on the Senate floor. There is no good reason we cannot also confirm these nominees today.  I support the confirmation of both highly qualified nominees. Since 2004, Gary Katzmann has served as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Appeals Court, the State's second highest court. Before joining the bench, Justice Katzmann served for over 20 years as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts. In addition to his superb credentials, Justice Katzmann's family is part of our Nation's history of providing refuge to those fleeing persecution. Justice Katzmann's father and grandmother came to the U.S. as refugees from Nazi Germany.  Jennifer Choe Groves has over 20 years of legal experience working in private practice and the government, having served in the New York District Attorney's Office and in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. When confirmed, Ms. Groves will be the first Asian American and Pacific Islander judge to serve on the U.S. Court of International Trade.  While the Senate is taking up these nominees today, the majority leader has allowed just 18 judicial nominees to be confirmed since Republicans took over the Senate majority last year. Contrast this dismal record to the last 2 years of George W. Bush's administration, when Democrats were in control. At this same point in the Bush Presidency, Democrats confirmed 68 of President Bush's judicial nominees.  Senate Republicans have allowed only a trickle of judicial confirmations despite the fact that, under their watch, judicial vacancies have nearly doubled from 43 to 85. Of these, 29 have been designated as judicial emergencies where caseloads are unmanageably high and the administration of justice is strained.  The harm that Republican obstruction has wrought on our Federal courts extends from the trial courts across America to our Nation's highest court. Today marks 82 days since Chief Judge Merrick Garland was first nominated to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Under the Senate's recent timeline for considering judicial nominees, Chief Judge Garland should have received a hearing and a vote by now. Instead, Senate Republicans have continued as their party standard bearer has said to ``delay, delay, delay.'' This has resulted in a diminished eight-member Supreme Court that has been repeatedly unable to serve its highest function under our Constitution.  It is the Senate's duty to ensure our independent judiciary can fully function. I hope Senate Republicans understand that obligation and act on Chief Judge Garland's nomination, as well as the 22 judicial nominations that will still remain languishing on the Senate floor after today.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nominations.  