President, today the Senate will consider the nomination of Dr. Robert Califf to head the Food and Drug Administration. For too long, the FDA has been without a Senate-confirmed commissioner, and, given the scope and reach of the agency, action on Dr. Califf's nomination is welcomed. After speaking with him and carefully reviewing his record, I have decided to support this nomination.  Consumers depend on the FDA to ensure that food, medicine, and products sold in this country are safe. The agency has oversight of one-quarter of all consumer goods sold in the United States, including nearly $1 trillion in foods, drugs, medical devices, cosmetics, and supplements. The Commissioner must supervise this critical work with independence from outside influence. Some Senators have raised concerns about Dr. Califf's record as a researcher who worked closely with drug companies and have questioned his ability to make decisions free from the influence of the multibillion dollar pharmaceutical industry. After speaking with Dr. Califf and reviewing his record, I believe that he will conduct himself with integrity and in the best interest of the public.  While the head of the FDA must be an independent voice, we should not discount the benefits having a Senate-confirmed Commissioner who understands the importance of medical research and the potential to advance lifesaving treatments. Under Dr. Califf's leadership, the Duke Clinical Research Institute made advances in drugs that dissolve blood clots, cut the risk of heart attacks and strokes, and lower cholesterol. As director of the Duke Translational Medicine Institute, Dr. Califf worked closely with the National Institutes of Health, the FDA, and the Institute of Medicine to help ensure scientific discoveries are translated into usable treatments. I believe that Dr. Califf's understanding of the importance of research in promoting lifesaving treatments and his ability to navigate potential conflicts that can arise with drug-industry funded research will be an asset to him as the leader of the FDA.  Dr. Califf and I also discussed other issues of importance before the FDA, including the labeling of generic drugs. For several years, I have led a group of nearly 40 Democrats in Congress in pressing the FDA to require generic drug manufacturers to update their safety labeling, instead of simply mirroring the brand companies' warnings, as they do now. Generics fill over 80 percent of prescriptions, but injured patients have no remedy against them if their product is mislabeled. Patients who are injured by a brand-name drug can seek justice, but they have no remedy if, like countless Americans, the drug that injures them is a generic. All drug manufacturers should be required to improve the warning information they give to doctors and consumers. Americans have waited 3 years for the FDA to finalize their rule regarding the labeling of generics, and I intend to continue to urge the FDA, and Dr. Califf if he is confirmed, to move forward on this critical issue.  The next Commissioner of the FDA must also work to promote safer alternatives to powerful prescription painkillers and to remove from the market older, less safe drugs. Dr. Califf and I discussed the FDA's recent announcement to expand access to abuse-deterrent formulations of these powerfuldrugs to help address the opioid epidemic in this country. While it is a step in the right direction, the FDA can and must do more. I appreciate Dr. Califf's commitment to redouble the agency's efforts in combatting this issue, while working closely with other governmental agencies that can oversee the prescribing of these drugs. I expect to work closely with the agency on this issue and will continue to press Dr. Califf to take action in this area.  I hope that the FDA will also recognize the significant concerns that I and others in Vermont and other maple producing States have for the harm being done to maple sugar producers' income as a result of potentially false and misleading labeling of products that contain neither maple syrup nor real maple flavor. I recently meet with sugarmakers in Vermont who are asking for a strong and thorough investigation into possibly misrepresentative labeling of food products whose labels incorrectly indicate the presence of maple syrup and request appropriate enforcement action where warranted. The tradition of sugaring is significant not only to our cultural heritage in Vermont and throughout New England, but to our efforts to strengthen the working landscape and local agriculture in rural parts of our States.  Vermont's cheese industry, particularly raw milk cheese producers, have also raised concerns about FDA overreach. While I fully support the FDA's efforts to ensure the safety of our Nations' food supply, I believe that standards set by the FDA must be scientifically based and must address a known threat to public health. There have been some positive steps forward, and the FDA has recently met with these producers, agreeing to hand over the FDA's data on the standards they had set. I hope that progress continues, and I look forward to hearing how these discussions and data sharing is going.  We know that food safety will also be high on the priority list for the FDA as it works to implement the Food Safety Modernization Act, FSMA. A landmark piece of legislation, FSMA was passed in 2011 to ensure the production of safe foods; yet the farmers and processors in Vermont and across the country are in need of science-based, clear technical assistance to aid in their compliance with this new set of rules. I was proud to learn recently that the University of Vermont was recently chosen to lead the Northeast Center to Advance Food Safety. This new collaboration will advance understanding and practice of improved food safety among the region's small and medium-sized produce growers and processors as they learn to comply with these new complex food safety standards.  The FDA has been without a Commissioner for nearly a year and with no shortage of issues to address. I am pleased the Senate is moving one step closer to filling this position with tonight's vote. I look forward to working with Dr. Califf on the many pressing issues before the FDA.  