President, today the Senate will pass the bipartisan Library of Congress Sound Recording and Film Preservation Programs Reauthorization Act of 2016, which authorizes two important cultural preservation programs through 2027. Senator Grassley and I worked together on this legislation to help ensure that the films andrecordings that play vital roles in shaping and recording the American experience are preserved for future generations.  Advances in digital technology have opened up new avenues for creativity, allowing Americans to engage in artistic expression in innovative ways. As we embrace these new developments, we must also ensure that the records of our past are preserved. Films and sound recordings created by previous generations tell us who we are, and who we were, as a society; yet the passage of time has taken its toll on these historical works, erasing artifacts of our shared history and culture.  The legislation that will be passed today by the Senate continues Congress's long recognition of the importance of cultural preservation, reauthorizing both the National Film Preservation Program, which began in 1988, and the National Sound Recording Preservation Program, which began in 2000. These programs, operated within the Library of Congress, help preserve historical and cultural artifacts that would otherwise disappear or be destroyed through the passage of time. Through the preservation programs, the Library of Congress has created the National Film and National Recording Registries, to recognize the most essential artistic works our Nation has produced.  This legislation also reauthorizes the federally chartered National Film and National Recording Preservation Foundations. These foundations play a critical role in preservation efforts by providing grants to a wide array of educational and nonprofit organizations to preserve films and sound recordings. To date, the National Film Preservation Foundation has given grants to more than 270 organizations in all 50 States.  By reauthorizing these important programs, this legislation will allow the Library of Congress and the Foundations to continue their important work in preserving America's fading treasures, as well as providing grants that will help libraries, museums, and archives preserve these works and make them available for study and research. I look forward to prompt consideration of the bill by the House and to the President signing it into law.  