Yesterday I commended my Republican colleague, Senator McCain. He complained about the decision of his own party to do away with regular order in our appropriations process. He's absolutely right. We should have debated and passed those bills the way we used to do. Ten months ago that's what the Republican leadership said they wanted to do, and they are in control here. And we worked hard in the Appropriations Committee, Republicans and Democrats together, and we reported out all our appropriations bills. Hundreds and hundreds of hours of work by members, even more by their staffs.  Almost every one of these bills was bipartisan, and they passed usually by a unanimous vote or close to it. All that goes for naught. I commented about just one of these, and of course that is the State and foreign operations bill. Both before Benghazi and since Benghazi, the Republican chairman of the subcommittee and I have put in money, a considerable amount of money, for the security of our embassies and our personnel abroad. Rather than acknowledge their own responsibility for having cut funding for security prior to Benghazi, the House Republicans wasted tens of millions of dollars on hearings to blame the administration. Madam President, maybe double standards make for a sound bite on the evening news, especially if it sounds good and the people putting it on haven't done the research to find out what's really going on.  But it's no consolation to the men and women serving at our embassies and throughout the world to represent the American people. Oftentimes in danger, as we just saw within the last couple of days in the Philippines. It does them no good to see Congress spend tens of millions of dollars to decry the lack of security, tens of millions of taxpayers' dollars on hearings that proved nothing, to get on television for political purposes, and then scrapping the appropriations bills and supporting instead a continuing resolution that will cut funds for embassy security by half a billion dollars.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  