President, I found this interesting. When my children were little, I would read fairy tales to them, and they especially loved ``Through the Looking-Glass'' and ``Alice in Wonderland.'' And listening to this speech, I thought of ``Through the Looking-Glass'' and ``Alice in Wonderland.''  It is interesting how President Obama gets blamed for everything. ``Oh, the approval rating of the Supreme Court has gone down.'' The majority of the Supreme Court Justices have been appointed or nominated by Republican Presidents. And we are going to blame President Obama because the Republican Justices, nominated by Republican Presidents, are bringing down the approval rating of the U.S. Supreme Court? According to my dear friend from Iowa--he is saying President Obama should be blamed for what those Republican Justices on the Supreme Court did. This is ``Alice in Wonderland.''  I don't care what happens; President Obama has to get blamed for it. Even if we have a hurricane or something, it must be President Obama's fault. But this is about as far a stretch as I've ever heard. If the approval rating of the court goes down because of the five Republicans who constitute the majority of it, it is about as farfetched as ``Alice in Wonderland'' to blame President Obama for it.  Let's talk about facts. I like to talk about facts. It's the way Democrats have handled Republicans' nominees. What my distinguished friend doesn't point out, even though it has been pointed out to him by the Vice President and by the President personally, certainly in my presence, Vice President Biden's speech--you should read the whole speech--he is talking about what happens after the election. Vice President Biden as Chairman Biden put through, in an election year, a Republican nominee to the Supreme Court and got a unanimous vote of Democrats and Republicans in this body. Those are the facts. The fact is that we now use a different standard, it appears. In President Bush's final 2 years, Democrats controlled the Senate. I was chairman. We confirmed 68 of his nominees. In President Obama's final years in office, Republicans have allowed only 16. These are facts. This isn't rhetoric, these are facts. We allowed 68 for a Republican President and Republicans allowed only 16 for a Democratic President, and then they are going to blame the state of the judiciary on President Obama?  Then he talked about Vice President Biden when he was chairman and what he might have said during President H.W. Bush's last year in office. Do you know what Vice President Biden did? They tried to imply that he blocked judges. He put through 11 Republican nominees for the circuit court and 53 Republican nominees for the district court--11 for the circuit court, 53 for the district court. Do you know what Republicans have allowed? Five lower court nominees this year. So if you say we want to follow the Biden rule, I wish we would. We put through 53 district court nominees and 11 circuit court nominees, and during a Democrat President's last year in office the Republican-controlled Senate has allowed only five. Come on, let's be fair.  The fact is, in a Presidential election year, we have never blocked a SupremeCourt nominee because it was a Presidential election year. In fact, since the Judiciary Committee began holding confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominees in 1916, it has never denied a nominee a hearing.  I tell you this because the Constitution requires the President to make a nomination--it is very clear--and then it says that we shall advise and consent. Well, they are saying: ``No, we won't advise; we won't consent; we won't even have a hearing.''  Mr. President, I have taken the oath of office here seven times. It is a moving, thrilling moment. I am sure the distinguished Presiding Officer, when he was sworn in, knew it was a solemn moment. You promise to uphold the Constitution, so help me God. The Constitution says the President shall nominate. It says we shall advise and consent.  I took my oath very, very seriously. That is why--just as Vice President Biden did when he was chairman--I moved a significant number of Republican judges through, even in the last year that President Bush was in office. And that is so different from what we see now.  Just think about it. They criticize Vice President Biden. The last year President George H.W. Bush was in office, Vice President Biden was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He put through 11 circuit court judges and 53 district court judges. If you want to talk about the Biden rule, the Republicans have allowed only five lower court judges. Come on, let's get this out of partisanship. By any standard whatsoever, when there has been a Republican President and a Democratically-controlled Senate, we have treated that Republican President far better than they have treated Democratic Presidents.  But then to hear that because the five Republican-appointed majority members of the Supreme Court are bringing down the approval rating of the Supreme Court for the American people, telling the American people it must be President Obama's fault--even if those five members were nominated and approved before President Obama's Presidency--that goes too far. That is ``Through the Looking-Glass.'' That is ``Alice in Wonderland.''  I see the distinguished senior Senator from Rhode Island on the floor.  I yield the floor.  