President, next month, on the first Monday in October, the Supreme Court will begin its new term. The question we have before us as Senators is whether there should be an empty seat on the dais when the Supreme Court convenes.  On the first Monday in October, we have always been accustomed to seeing all nine Justices there. For 7 months, the Court has been missing a Justice, and because of that vacancy, it has been repeatedly unable to serve as the final arbiter of the law. There have been eight Justices. There has been a vacancy most of this year.  The President fulfilled his constitutional duty in nominating somebody. We have failed to do our constitutional duty of advice and consent. The uncertainty in the law has been harmful to businesses, law enforcement, and to families and children across the country. It is a constitutional crisis. Worst of all, this constitutional crisis is wholly of the Senate Republicans' making, and they have the power to stop this constitutional crisis.  In February, the Republican leader claimed, because it was an election year, the Senate would somehow be justified in not doing its job in denying any consideration of the next Supreme Court nominee. Based on my conversations with Vermonters across the political spectrum and in every poll taken on this issue, the American people reject this partisan justification.  There is no election-year exception to Senators doing their jobs, there is no election-year exception to the President doing his job, and there is no election-year exception to the independent judiciary doing its job. Each branch of our government has its duty under the Constitution. The Republican leadership has said the Senate is going to reject its duty. It will damage the function of our Supreme Court. That needs to stop.  Since public confirmation hearings began in the Judiciary Committee for Supreme Court nominees a century ago, the Senate has never denied a nominee a hearing and a vote. The late Justice Scalia received a hearing 42 days after his nomination. Justice Kennedy, who was the last Justice confirmed in a Presidential election year, received a hearing in the Judiciary Committee, which was under the control of Democrats, just 14 days after President Reagan nominated him in a Presidential election year. The Democrats held a hearing in 14 days for this Republican nominee.  Contrast that to Chief Judge Garland's nomination that has been pending for 176 days. It is a totally unprecedented situation, and certainly that unprecedented delay has provided enough time for Senators and their staff to become familiar with his record in preparation for a hearing on debate.  The press may be focused on what might happen in a lameduck session, but this Vermonter is focused on his job now. The time for the Senate to act on the Supreme Court nomination is now. We should have a hearing next week. The Judiciary Committee can debate and consider the nomination the following week, and then the full Senate can debate and vote on his confirmation by the end of September. We have taken far less time in the past to confirm Supreme Court Justices, as the Senate has realized the urgency of having a Court at full strength.  Chief Judge Garland is ideally suited to serve on the Supreme Court on day one. He is currently the chief judge on the DC Circuit, which is also known as the second highest court. He has been a Federal judge for nearly two decades. He has more Federal judicial experience than any Supreme Court nominee in our Nation's history. As a former Federal prosecutor, he has been praised for his work leading the Justice Department's efforts on the ground in Oklahoma City in the days after the worst act of homegrown terrorism in our country's history. Republicans and Democrats alike have recognized Chief Judge Garland as a brilliant, impartial judge with unwavering fidelity to the rule of law. Republicans serving in this body, as well as Democrats in this body, said so when they voted for his confirmation to the DC Circuit.  Republicans should let this Chamber finally get to work on Chief Judge Garland's nomination. Bring the Supreme Court back to full strength in time forthe first oral argument of October. Of all the challenges facing our country, ensuring that our Supreme Court can serve as high as its constitutional function should not be one of them. This is a promise that Senate Republicans are making, but it is one they could easily solve this month.  Let's do our job. We took an oath to uphold the Constitution. Let's show that when we raised our hand to swear to uphold the Constitution, we really meant it. The President fulfilled his oath; it is time for us to do our job and fulfill ours.  I see my friend on the floor seeking recognition.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Fischer). The Senator from Oklahoma.  