President, I rise this afternoon to pay tribute to my dear friend and colleague and, in a very real sense, mentor. I can testify from the experience of the last 2 years to his remarkable contributions to this country.  I don't believe any other Senator could have navigated the treacherouswaters of the Dodd-Frank bill. It was like watching a great conductor conduct a complicated piece of music: knowing when to pause and let tempers cool, knowing when to pick up the tempo, knowing when to come to the final conclusion. It was a virtuosos performance, in keeping with a career of contributing to Connecticut and to this country.  The most remarkable tribute I have ever heard about this wonderful man was in a very unusual place by a person who honestly probably doesn't know who he is. It was May 21, 2010. I was visiting a wounded soldier at Walter Reed Army Hospital, a member of the Second Battalion, 508 Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 82nd Airborne Division. He had been wounded around Kandahar by an IED. Fortunately, he was on the road to recovery. We joked for a moment and talked about his experiences, and I turned to his mother, who was sitting there watching her son, her life, her hope make a full recovery, and I said: How are you doing?  She said to me very simply: I am doing fine. You see, I was able to take family medical leave and be with my son while he recuperated.  She probably doesn't know who Senator Dodd is or what he did, but she, along with 50 million other Americans, was by the hospital bed of a wounded son or a sick child or an ailing parent. To me, that is the greatest tribute to what Senator Dodd has done.  There is a great line I recall about Franklin Roosevelt. His cortege was winding its way through Washington. A man was sobbing, sobbing, sobbing. A reporter rushed up to him: Well, you are so affected. You must have known the President. Did you know the President?  He said: No, I never knew the President, but he knew me.  Chris Dodd knew the people of Connecticut and the people of the United States, and in every moment, he served them with integrity and diligence and honor.  Chris, to you, to your family--and I say this because your mother is from Westerly, RI, God bless her; and your beloved sister, our dear friends Martha and Bernie, from Rhode Island--as an adopted son of Rhode Island, thank you for your service to the Nation.  