This flows from the very simple premise that they have announced from the very beginning of these discussions and deliberations they do not want an independent consumer protection agency that has the authority to make rules and enforce rules to protect consumers. So what they have suggested is a classic bait and switch. We will create an ``agency'' within the FDIC, and then we will deny them the power to regulate most of the financial sectors and institutions that affect the daily lives of Americans: payday lenders, car loans, all those things. They are just off the table. So it amounts to a gesture, not good legislative policy.  We are working, and we have been working--and Senator Dodd has taken the lead--to ensure that there is real consumer protection built into this Wall Street reform legislation. We believe consumers need information to make good choices. The thrust of our efforts is to ensure that the agency is able to provide that information through simplified forms, through simple products, through those mechanisms that allow men and women who are engaged in raising children, keeping jobs, coaching Little League, to understand what they are putting their resources into.  That is not what the Republican amendment is proposing to do. They are creating a six-person council within the FDIC with no real independence and even less authority, and one could question why the FDIC is the logical place to put in a council such as this. They would create an oversight agency but exempt, as I said, virtually an entire financial sector or sectors from oversight. It is not like a watchdog; it is like a lapdog. It is bureaucracy with no bite.  The Dodd bill, in contrast, contains a very robust consumer protection provision. It creates a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with resources--I wish to emphasize resources--and authority to prohibit abusive practices and deceptive financial products, ranging from credit card companies to mortgage brokers to banks and to others. For example, it would hold the credit card companies accountable and eliminate unfair lending practices, such as penalty fees for paying off your debt on time.  One of the big efforts we are undertaking is increased transparency for Wall Street, and this consumer protection agency will provide that protection to consumers. Basic economics, Econ 101: In a competitive marketplace, one of the presumptions is perfect information. We have seen, frankly, that individuals on Wall Street have made billions of dollars operating on imperfect information; in fact, one could even suggest deliberately manipulating products so they have the information and the consumer doesn't.  I think we were all taken aback when we were listening to the hearings conducted by Senator Levin which talked about Goldman Sachs, and their trader, Fabrice Tourre, described the system in rather evocative terms. In his words:       More and more leverage in the system, the entire system is      about to crumble any moment . . . the only potential survivor      the fabulous Fab . . . standing in the middle of all these      complex, highly leveraged, exotic trades he created without      necessarily understanding all the implications of those      monstrosities.  Well, that seems, to me, very chilling--the fact that somebody would admit they didn't even know the products they were selling to consumers--who assumed not only that they knew but also that they would not be deliberately misleading them. That is an example. The example doesn't stop on Wall Street. It extends out to Main Street, to people with credit arrangements, payday lenders, organizations charging huge interest charges, and it is designed to exploit consumers.  The Republican proposal does little, if anything, to prevent that. I hope, on a bipartisan basis, as Senator Schumer suggested, we reject this amendment. It is, as they say in some places, all hat and no cattle. We have an agency, but we have no enforcement powers. We have an agency, but they can't enforce their rules and regulations on certain sectors; i.e., most of the sectors. So if we want to protect consumers and if we want to have efficient markets--I think one of the inaccurate premises that some people are suggesting is that consumer protection somehow is bad for business. I argue strenuously that consumer protection is very good for business.  If you take care of the consumer, if they feel, and you provide, valued and good service--that used to be the American sort of maxim. That used to be the American byword for business: the consumer is always right; the consumer comes first.  In the Republican legislation, the consumer comes last, not first. The consumer should come first. I hope this amendment will be rejected and that we support not only the underlying Dodd bill, but I think it can be improved. I commend the Senator from Connecticut who has done a remarkable job crafting the consumer protection agency. To accept the Republican amendment would be to turn our backs on consumers and reject essentially the old American maxim that the consumer is always right and the consumer comes first, and it will leave everybody in this country where we are today: buyer beware of the monstrosities in the marketplace.  