President, this afternoon at Arlington National Cemetery, this Nation laid to rest a great American, a great patriot, an extraordinary Senator, Ted Stevens.  I had the privilege of serving with Senator Stevens for 13 years. In that time, he impressed not only myself but everyone with his deep commitment to his State of Alaska, to the Nation and, in particular, to the men and women of the Armed Forces.  Ted Stevens began his commitment to service above self at the age of 19, when he joined the U.S. Army Air Corps. He became a pilot and at age 20 received his wings. Then he was deployed to the China-Burma-India theater, where he undertook some of the most dangerous missions any pilot had to face in World War II. He flew over the Hump. He flew supplies to Chinese nationalist forces, and he would frequently fly behind enemy lines to deliver his precious cargo and to keep that fight going. They would fly at night, and they would have to muffle the flights--their engines--to avoid detection by the Japanese. They would land and camouflage the planes, because they were in enemy territory, and then they would take another dangerous flight out in the evening--to return again and again. That kind of sacrifice and service and courage is remarkable.  Also, typical of Ted Stevens, it was not something he boasted and bragged about a lot. He just did it. That was one of the great strengths of Ted Stevens. He just did things he thought were right.  When he returned to the United States, he attended college. He went off to Harvard Law School and became a lawyer. Although he had midwestern roots, he saw his future in the great State of Alaska. He packed up and went to Alaska, and Alaska changed him, but I suspect he changed Alaska more. One of the things I believe he felt very strongly about, having seen the great effort of World War II, having seen citizens come together from across this land from different communities, different ethnicities and races, to forge a unified effort to do a great thing, he was convinced that government could make a positive and important contribution to the life of his community in Alaska. He worked very hard. He worked hard to build roads, to build bridges, to literally bring together the people of Alaska. He supported consistently and enthusiastically the military forces--not just there but across the globe. He too served, and he knew what these men and women were doing and how important it was.  Something also struck me, too, while I was at the services today. A gentlemen from New England came up to me and said, ``Hi, Senator.'' I wondered why he would be there. He was involved in the fishing industry in New England, and he appreciated what Senator Ted Stevens did for the fishing industry in Alaska, because he extended some of the same help to us in the Northeast. That was another thing about him. If he thought it was important enough for his constituents, he equally felt itwas important for all people. He helped all of our constituents, and he would do it in a positive way.  I always found Ted Stevens to be somebody who was clear on where he stood. If he was with you, you didn't have to worry. If he was against you, you should worry. But he was consistent and honest. He represented the values we all appreciate--candor, honesty, and decency.  Today, America has laid to rest a great patriot. To his family, our deepest condolences. But what he has done--and not just for the people of Alaska but for all of us--has left an example of patriotism, of diligence, of hard work, and of commitment to this Senate, which will sustain and inspire us in the difficult days ahead. For that, I thank him.  