President, I thank the Senator from Illinois not only for the time but also for his eloquent statement about this legislation, and particularly the REAL ID bill.  The emergency supplemental bill we are considering today provides needed funding for our men and women in uniform who are engaged in combat operations in Afghanistan and in Iraq, as well as emergency assistance to the victims of the tsunami. This aid and assistance cannot wait because it is a demonstration of our Nation's good will towards those who have been devastated by natural disaster, and also our commitment to our soldiers in combat. These noble goals are unfortunately tainted, however, by the decision of the Republican leadership to include a controversial piece of legislation known as the REAL ID Act.  Senator Durbin has gone into great detail to show how unwieldy it is and perhaps how unnecessary it is. There are other ways to more effectively and efficiently verify the identity of individuals.  Also, this kind of back-door legislating is symptomatic of the majority's near total disregard for the precedents and procedures of the Senate that have served our Nation so well and for so long. I hope the American people realize this maneuver is yet another example of the majority's desire to pass the most controversial legislation by sliding it into a bill which cannot be amended and is subject only to an up-or-down vote.  With no Senate debate, and very little review, the REAL ID Act makes significant and harmful changes to our Nation's immigration system, as well as our system of licensure of automobiles and drivers throughout the United States.  Like many, I believe immigration is an issue we cannot and should not ignore. However, the REAL ID Act is not the comprehensive immigration reform that we have gone far too long without. Instead, it vastly alters our Nation's established asylum procedures, placing the burden of proof on the applicants by requiring them to document their torture or persecution. Potential asylum seekers are already thoroughly investigated, and those suspected of engaging in terrorist activities are already prohibited from being granted asylum under our current system. Yet the REAL ID Act will make it increasingly difficult for those escaping political persecution and torture to seek refuge.  In addition, the REAL ID Act would suspend habeas corpus review of orders of removal for aliens in the United States. Essentially, this change eliminates the right of aliens facing deportation to ask the court to review their deportation, a right which the Supreme Court has already upheld. This provision will deny innocently detained aliens the opportunity to plead their case before a judge. This goes against the core principle upon which our Nation was founded.  It is unfortunate these unsound provisions will be enacted as part of this bill. It is my hope that in the very near future we will be able to have a national discussion on immigration in a comprehensive, thoughtful, and deliberate way that will provide real solutions to real problems. It is not possible to solve our immigration problems by simply removing those who seek legitimate help from our Nation, or by raising the bar for those who are immigrating here legally. As a nation of immigrants and a global leader on human rights, the inclusion of the REAL ID Act in this bill and in this manner is unacceptable, and I will work with like-minded colleagues to reverse this law.  I yield the remainder of my time to the Senator from Illinois.  