President, I rise in support of the Levin amendment, which establishes a commission to look into the treatment of detainees by our national security forces.  Let me say as an initial point, I am a strong supporter of the McCain-Graham amendment which would clarify the law. But the issues we are confronting today with respect to Abu Ghraib and with respect to other notorious incidents is not simply a failure of law, a failure of lacking legal precedent; it is a failure of leadership and a failure of institutions. Unless we look carefully, objectively, and independently at this leadership and these institutions, we will be bound to repeat the mistakes of the past several years. I urge my colleagues to support the Levin amendment.  What prompts me to support this amendment is the belief and understanding that the treatment of our soldiers on the battlefield is a function of how we treat our opponents. If we do not have high standards of treatment, then we cannot make the moral claim that our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines should be similarly treated.  I understand the nature of our adversaries might reject those claims, might reject standards, but if we reject those standards, then our ability to protect our soldiers is diminished substantially.  I think also one just has to take note of the events of the last several years and understand that not only is there a legal and moral premise to our use of suitable standards of conduct, there is a very practical one. The incidents of Abu Ghraib, the reports of abuse of prisoners, have been a disastrous situation with respect to our progress in the Middle East. It is harming our efforts to convince people that we are there not to exploit them, not to abuse them, but to try to lift them up.  It is essential we get to the heart of these failures of leadership, institutional direction, and policy. I think it is also essential that we have accountability. One of the essential aspects of any military organization is accountability. Everyone who enters the military, particularly an officer, learns that the first rule is they are responsible for what happens and what fails to happen on their command. There has been a dearth of accountability when it comes to these issues of abuse of detainees.  The plan seemed to be from the very beginning to portray this as the fault of aberrant soldiers. In fact, if we look at those people who have been prosecuted, those people who have been brought to justice, it is a handful of enlisted soldiers. We know this process, this approach, was not simply the result of a few soldiers. It was the result of decisions that were made at the very highest level.  Today, in the International Herald Tribune, COL Larry Wilkerson, a former chief of staff to Colin Powell, pointed out that, in his words: There was a visible audit trail from the Vice President's office to the Secretary of Defense down to the commanders in the field authorizing practices that led to the abuse of detainees.  That suggests to me that the evidence has accumulated where we need to take a good look not just at individual soldiers, not just compartmental reviews of certain aspects, we have to take the approach that Senator Levin suggests, a comprehensive review by an independent panel on the model of the 9/11 Commission to look at how we came to this point; not just to establish accountability I think that is principal and important but to ensure that we do not do it again, to ensure that when we enter into a conflict everyone understands the law, everyone follows the law. That is to the benefit not only of the protection of our troops but also to claiming the moral high ground, aiding our mission, aiding our military forces in the field, by creating an image in the world that we are bound to the highest standards and we are not there for self-interest but to help other people.  If we fail to pursue this commission, we will see a situation where what has happened in the past will happen again. It will be replicated time and time again. It will create a terrible situation within our military forces. It will appear, as it appears now, that the only people who are punished for these abuses are low-ranking, enlisted personnel. They bear the brunt, but the officers who directed it, the officers who could have stopped it, the civilian leaders in our Government who might have directed it or encouraged it, will walk away. That is unfair and that is so corrosive that it will undermine our military forces in the future.  I urge passage of the Levin amendment.  I reserve the remainder of time on our side and yield the floor.  