President, first, I commend my colleague for his wise words. I thank Senator Bayh. This morning I had the occasion to meet with members of the press and the public at the Old State House in Providence, RI, the seat of Rhode Island Government for many years in the early days of this country. In fact, in 1790, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson enjoyed a banquet in that building to celebrate the Constitution of the United States--that careful balancing of majority power and minority rights.  Unfortunately, these days in Washington, we are on the verge of upsetting that balance, of using majority power to undermine minority rights. In doing so, we are stilling the voices of millions of Americans--the millions of Americans that we represent--and not just geographically represent--the poor, the disabled, those who fight vigorously for environmental quality--all of those individuals will see their voices diminished and perhaps extinguished if we choose this nuclear option.  The Senate was created to protect the minority. It was also clearly envisioned to serve as a check on Presidential power, particularly on the power to appoint judges. Indeed, it was in the very last days of the Constitutional Convention in 1787 that the Founding Fathers decided to move the power to appoint Federal judges from the control exclusively of the Senate to that of a process of a Presidential nominee with the advice and consent of the Senate.  Indeed, in those last days, there was a shift of power, but not a surrender of power. This Senate still has an extraordinary responsibility to review, to carefully scrutinize the records of those individuals who would serve for a lifetime on our Federal courts.  It is very important that the American people, when they come before the bar of Federal justice, stand before a judge of the United States, feel and know that that individual has passed a very high test, that that individual is not a Republican judge or a Democratic judge, not an ideologue of the right or left, but they received broad-based support in the Senate, and they stand not for party, but for law and the United States of America.  We are in danger of upsetting that balance, of putting on the court people who are committed to an ideological plan. We are seeing people who are being presented to us who will, I think, undermine that sense of confidence that the American people must have in the judges they face in the courts of this land.  Indeed, it is also ironic that today as we discuss this issue of eviscerating minority rights in the United States Senate, we hear our leaders talk about the necessity--the absolute necessity--of protecting the minority in Iraq. If you listen to the President, Secretary of State Rice, and others, they talk about how essential it is to ensure that there are real procedural protections for the Sunni minority in Iraq. In fact, what they are trying to do in Iraq they are trying to undo in America by stripping away those procedural protections that give the minority a real voice in our Government.  In a recent National Review article by John Cullinan, a former senior policy adviser to the U.S. Catholic Bishops, he said it very well. He posed a question in this way:       Will Iraq's overwhelming Shiite majority accept structural      restraints in the form of guaranteed protections for others?      Or does the majority see its demographic predominance as a      mandate to exercise a monopoly of political power?  This, in a very telling phrase, sums it up:       Does a 60-percent majority translate into 100 percent of      the political pie?  The question we will answer today, tomorrow, and this week: Does the 55-vote majority in the Senate translate to 100 percent of the political pie when it comes to naming Federal judges? Just as it is wrong in Iraq, I believe it is wrong here because without minority protections, without the ability of the minority to exercise their rights, to raise their voice, this process isdoomed to a very difficult and, I think, disastrous end.  We have today measures before us that threaten the filibuster, and I believe this is not the end of the story if this nuclear option prevails because I think the pressure by the interest groups that are pushing this issue--the far right who are demanding that this nuclear option be exercised--will not be satisfied by simply naming judges because that is just part of what we do. They will see in the days ahead, if this nuclear option succeeds, opportunities to strike out our ability to stop legislative proposals, to stop other Executive nominees. They will be unsatisfied and unhappy that in the course of debate and deliberation here, we are not willing to accept their most extreme views about social policy, about economic policy, about the world at large. The pressure that is building today will be brought to bear on other matters.  So this is a very decisive moment and a very decisive step. I hope we can avoid stepping over it into the abyss. I hope we can maintain the protections that have persisted in this Chamber in one form or another for 214 years. The rules give Senators many opportunities to express themselves. It is not just the cloture vote. There are procedures to call committee hearings, to call up nominees that have been appointed, that also give Senators an opportunity to express themselves.  I need not remind many people here that at least 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees never received an up-or-down vote, and it is ironic, to say the least, that many who participated in that process now claim a constitutional right for an up-or-down vote on a Federal nominee to the bench.  In fact, according to the Congressional Research Service, since 1945, approximately 18 percent of judicial nominees have not received a final vote. By that measure, President Bush has done remarkably well by his nominees--218 nominees, 208 confirmations, a remarkable record, which shows not obstruction but cooperation; which shows that this Senate, acting together, with at least 60 votes, but still exercising its responsibility to carefully screen judges has made decisions that by a vast majority favor the President's nominees. That is not a record of obstruction, that is a record of responsibility.  Again, at the heart of this is not simply the interplay of Senators and politics. At the end of the day, we have to be able to demonstrate to the American public that if they stand before a Federal judge, they will be judged on the law; they will be judged by men and women with judicial temperament, who understand not only the law and precedent, but understand they have been given a responsibility to do justice, to demonstrate fairness.  If we adopt this new procedure and are able to ram through politically, ideologically motivated judges, that confidence in the fairness of federal judges might be fatally shaken and that would do damage to this country of immense magnitude.  The procedure that is being proposed is not a straightforward attempt to change the rules of the Senate because that also requires a supermajority. No, this is a parliamentary ploy, an end run around the rules of the Senate, a circumvention, and a circumvention that will do violence to the process here and, again, I think create a terrible example for the American public.  We have difficult choices before us. There are those who suggest that it is somehow unconstitutional not to provide an up-or-down vote. Where were they when the 60 judges nominated by President Clinton were denied an up-or-down vote? No, the rules of the Senate prevailed at that time, as they should prevail at this time because the Constitution clearly states that each House may determine the rules of its proceedings. And we have done that in a myriad of ways and will continue to do that. The right to unlimited debate in this Senate is one of the rights that has been protected by rules that have been in force for many years.  We are involved in a debate that has huge consequences for the country and for the Senate. I believe this institution must remain a place where even an individual Senator can stand up and speak in such a way and at such length that he not only arouses the conscience of the country, but, indeed, he or she may be able to deflect the country away from a dangerous path.  In the 1930s, President Roosevelt also had problems with the court system, he thought. He decided he would pack the courts. He would propose the expansion of the U.S. Supreme Court. Even though it was supported by the majority leader at that time, it was brought to this floor, and a small band of Senators stood up and spoke and convinced the public of the wrongness of that path and saved this country and saved President Roosevelt from a grave mistake.  Today, once again, we are debating the future of our judicial system, and I believe without the filibuster, we will make grave mistakes about who goes on our courts and what will be the makeup of those courts.  It might be that I have a particular fondness for the ability to represent those who are not numerous. I come from the smallest State, geographically, in the country, Rhode Island. We have two Senators, and we have two Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. But myself and my colleague, Senator Chafee, can stand up and speak and have the force of any of the larger States in this country. That is an essential part of our Federal system, an essential part of the Constitution that provided this wise balance between majority power and minority rights.  We are in danger of seeing that power--I believe arrogantly displayed--potentially undercutting the rights of one Senator or two Senators or eight Senators to stand up, to speak truth to power, to challenge the views, to awaken the conscience of the country, to prevent the accumulation of so much power that we slowly and perhaps imperceptibly slide to a position where there is no effective challenge, and that would do great harm to this constitutional balance.  Mr. President, this is a serious debate--a very serious debate. It is one in which I hope cooler heads prevail. It is one in which I hope we all step back and recognize that what we do will affect this institution and this country for a long time. I hope that we will refrain from invoking this nuclear option, that we recognize the traditions of the Senate not out of nostalgia but because they have served us well, and will continue to serve us well. They will ensure that we can speak not just as an exercise in rhetoric, but to have real effect in this body, the greatest deliberative assembly the world has ever known.  Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor to my colleague from Michigan.  