President, it is a privilege to be here today to say a few words about my colleague and friend, Jon Corzine. He has honored this Senate and he has honored the people of New Jersey with his service.  I did not know Jon before he came here. I heard about his campaign. I heard about his success on Wall Street. I, frankly, must confess, I did not know what quite to expect. Having seen the movie ``Wall Street,'' I almost thought that Michael Douglas would walk in the door in a $3,000 suit and with expensive accoutrements.  Jon surprised us all because he is not like that. He might have found his success on Wall Street, but his values were formed in the heartland of America and in the U.S. Marine Corps. He believes very deeply in values that are important and central to our party and to the people of this country: the notion of opportunity for all and the notion that this is a community, not just a collection of individuals.  His service in this body has exemplified those values and made us all extraordinarily proud. I served with Jon on the Senate Banking Committee. As the chairman and ranking member at various times of the Housing and Transportation Subcommittee, I was familiar with all of Jon's efforts in making real progress on issues of importance to the people of New Jersey and the people of this country.  My friend and colleague, Senator Sarbanes, has pointed out some of these, and I would like to, for the Record, amplify again what Jon has done.  The Federal Housing Administration Multifamily Housing Program provides insurance to those seeking to build multifamily rental housing. The program has played a critical role in the development of affordable multifamily rental housing. However, as the cost of building new housing has dramatically increased in recent years, Federal multifamily mortgage insurance loan limits have failed to keep pace with inflation.  In 2002, Senator Corzine led the way to secure passage of a provision to raise FHA multifamily loan limits by indexing them to the annual construction cost index to ensure that the program keeps pace with inflation.  In 2003, Senator Corzine further improved the FHA multifamily loan program by securing passage of legislation to boost those limits in high-cost communities around the country.  Specifically, his legislation raised the loan limits in high-cost areas to 140 percent of the statutory base limit and by 170 percent on a project-by-project basis.  These increases have been vitally important in the construction and rehabilitation of affordable rental housing in high-cost States such as New Jersey and my own State of Rhode Island where the shortage of affordable housing has become a crisis.  Jon recognizes that at the heart of every family's efforts to educate their children, to find work, to hold work, is the need for safe and affordable housing. Senator Corzine has been on the vanguard of that effort. I salute him for that.  He has also been particularly concerned about housing for veterans. The Veterans' Administration Home Loan Program provides access to home financing for veterans who often, because of their time spent serving our Nation, have not had the opportunity to build up the credit they need to qualify for a conventional mortgage. Senator Corzine's legislation to increase veterans' home purchasing power, which became law as part of the Veterans Benefits Improvement Act of 2004, raised the loan limits available under the VA Home Loan Program to allow veterans to obtain mortgages of up to $333,700, the same level available in the traditional mortgage market.  Finally, the Senator from New Jersey has been a fierce advocate for mass transit funding, not in his home State of New Jersey but across this country. He has been particularly effective, though, in helping his home State.  Senator Corzine was instrumental in providing legislation to help build a commuter rail tunnel under the Hudson River as part of the recently passed Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users. The language that Senator Corzine included will expedite the proposed rail tunnel under the Hudson River and require the Federal Transit Administration to sign a Full Funding Grant Agreement with New Jersey Transit that will provide the Federal funding needed to complete the tunnel, and in so doing not only will he assist the people of New Jersey, but he will assist the economy of this Nation, since so much is dependent upon transit access through New Jersey to the Eastern Seaboard, Boston, New York and down to Washington.  We all are going to miss Senator Corzine immensely in the Senate, but he is going forth now to a mission that is equally important; that is, to serve the people of New Jersey as their Governor. I know he will be successful. And I know those values of opportunity and community and fairness and tolerance and decency that exemplified his service in the Senate will mark him as a remarkable Governor for the State of New Jersey.  I yield the floor.  