President, I rise to engage in colloquy with the distinguished chairman and ranking member of the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations. I commend them for putting together a bill that provides critical support to our Nation's waterways while promoting energy conservation and protecting our environment.  One of the important programs funded by this legislation is the Department of Energy's Weatherization Assistance Program, WAP, which promotes energy conservation and reduces utility bills for low-income Americans by supporting home weatherization. I want to share with the chairman and ranking member my concern with language on page 122 of the committee report that calls for the consolidation of six DOE regional offices that are used by the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to reach out to State and local weatherization programs.  State energy officials, as well as nonprofit organizations, involved in weatherization across the country have expressed concern that the proposed consolidation would reduce the effectiveness of the WAP and the State EnergyProgram. DOE Regional Office Weatherization Project Managers currently review and approve State plans and determine whether all requirements of WAP have been met. They provide day-to-day oversight of grants, including monitoring performance by the States against their plans, and they provide technical assistance to DOE Headquarters and the States with regard to special projects, regional training and technical assistance, and resolution of issues among States and local service providers.  I share the concerns of weatherization program managers and state energy officers across the country that it would be unwise to remove this valuable network of DOE personnel that has served the regions so well. At the same time, I recognize the subcommittee leadership's desire to develop a cost effective outreach plan that will maintain the level of service we enjoy today and have a minimal impact on DOE's dedicated public servants. I hope the Chairman and ranking member can work with me as the Energy and Water Appropriations bill moves to conference to preserve the important role of regional DOE staff in a variety of programs, including the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State Energy Program.  