On December 7, 2004, the Senate and the Washington community lost a devoted friend, one whose work honored the institution of the Senate and the value of bi-partisanship.  Throughout his careers in the military, political and corporate worlds, Stan Kimmit dedicated his life to public service and democratic ideals. He first served our Nation in WW II and Korea, then as Majority Leader Mike Mansfield's senior staff member for 11 years and later for 5 years as Secretary of the Senate and finally as a consultant.  Stan was born on April 5, 1918 in Lewistown, MT. His father was a wheat farmer until drought destroyed the family's crop in the early 1920s. The family moved to Great Falls, MT, where Stan spent the remainder of his childhood. He enrolled at the University of Montana where he took an Asian history class taught by a man who would be very influential in his life, a man named Mike Mansfield.  In June of 1941, Stan was drafted out of college and began what would become a 24-year Army career. He was sent to Europe where he was a combat commander and fought in the Battle of the Bulge. He crossed the bridge at Remagen and was part of the first U.S. division to occupy Berlin. Stan entered the Korean War as a first lieutenant, where he served as an artillery officer at Pork Chop Hill. After completing his bachelor's degree at Utah State University, he went back to the Army to serve in Europe. The Army later assigned him to serve as secretary of the Army office of legislative liaison to the Senate, his first of three terms in this post. During his assignment to the Senate, he renewed his connection to the Senate Majority Leader from Montana, Senator Mike Mansfield.  By the time Stan retired from the Army in 1966 as a colonel, he was decorated with the Silver Star, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star for Valor with Three Oak Leaf Clusters and was inducted into the Field Artillery Officer Candidate School Hall of Fame.  He approached his career in the Senate in the same manner with which he approached his commitment to the Army, with integrity, with fairness, and with an enormous deal of respect for the institution. Stan was always troubled by the partisanship in Washington because he thought of the institution as a family. He honored the principles of the party, but always knew that it was part of a bigger picture. He was grateful for the opportunity to have served Senator Mansfield but, above all, Stan was grateful to have served in the United States Senate.  Even after many years in Washington, true to his roots, Stan always considered himself ``a gopher-shooting Montana boy at heart.'' I had the privilege of knowing Stan through his sons Robert, Jay and Mark, they were contemporaries of mine at West Point.  They established extraordinary careers in their own capacity. Bob Kimmitt was former Ambassador to Germany under President Bush. Jay Kimmitt served this institution as a member of the Appropriations staff. Mark Kimmitt is today a general officer to the U.S. Army.  Stan had a large family. He leaves behind his wife Eunice, his 5 children, his 12 grandchildren, and 1 great-grandchild. I extend my deepest condolences to his friends and his family. Stan Kimmitt served this Nation with distinction; the Senate shall miss such a devoted friend and such a humble servant.  I yield the floor.  