President, I rise to discuss the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, or TRIA. This law is necessary to make our economy function smoothly and effectively and to protect it from the risk of a terrorist attack.  After 9/11, we enacted a number of measures including the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, to enhance and stabilize the security of our citizens and our economy. TRIA provided a high-level Federal backstop that allowed private insurance and reinsurance markets to return and to allow American businesses to overcome the shock of September 11. TRIA seems to have performed exactly as we intended, but as we all know the program expires at the end of this year. I am getting concerned that we are fast approaching the point where we need to move forward and reauthorize the TRIA. We can't allow this program to expire without a short-term extension or longer term solution to be put in place.  But as we consider whether to extend TRIA, we should look closer at the two main goals we tried to accomplish with the law. First, as I just noted, we wanted to make sure that the market and the economy functioned in the wake of 9/11 and in the face of the threat of terror. After 9/11, the insurance companies looked at their risk for the first time in the context of a mass casualty destructive act that would destroy buildings, that would kill perhaps thousands of people, and they decided that they alone could not take this risk. In light of the new conditions, the passage of TRIA, provided a necessary backstop, and allowed the private insurance companies and the market to function effectively.  One of the areas that I became concerned about was workman's compensation. Most people would say: What does that have to do with a major attack that falls upon a large building or a major city or some other key facility? The point is thousands of workers are covered by workman's compensation. Those deaths and injuries would trigger workman's compensation. That is just one example of the situation caused by 9/11, the situation of uncertainty, the situation of potentially huge losses which never before were fully calculated by the insurance companies. That part of the purpose of TRIA has worked very well. Our insurance markets are functioning smoothly today.  But there is a second important reason, and that second important reason is that many of us felt that we needed to have a policy in place all the time to allow the economy to rebound more quickly in the unfortunate event of another terrorist attack here in the United States.  Let me just remind you, as we left this Chamber yesterday morning, as we moved to assembly areas, as we evacuated all these buildings, the notion of a further terrorist attack was not something hypothetical or remote. For an instant there, there was real concern that we would be struck again. And if we are struck again and we do not have in place a terrorism reinsurance program, the insurance industry will once again face the same dilemma we saw on 9/11: we can't cover these risks; we are overexposed; we can't provide insurance in the future. That slows the economy down and potentially in many different ways. TRIA has to be in place. As long as we are sincerely persuaded that there is a terrorist threat, and I know I am, then we have to have this TRIA program in place.  Some opponents of the extension argue that TRIA should be a temporary program because by ending it private terrorism insurance markets will be forced to stabilize and provide adequate capacity to meet the demand for coverage. I do not think that will happen. I think the markets will stabilize because companies will not write risks. And if you are trying to build a major building in a major city, guess what? Try to get insurance. If you propose to put in a major office complex with thousands of workers, try to get workman's compensation insurance. You will not get it. That is the way the market will respond to the uncertainty caused by the potential attack of terror, and that will hurt our economy grievously. I think we have to recall and realize that we still are under the threat. I think we have to also be conversant with the fact that there will be dramatic economic effect even if a small attack is waged by terrorists because the psychological dimension is just as important in many respects as the physical damage. So we have to have in place this terrorism reinsurance program, and we are running out of time to do it right, carefully, thoroughly, and get it done before the end of the year. As you may know, the Treasury Department is required to report to Congress by June 30 of 2005 on issues associated with the act and its purposes. While I am looking forward to the conclusion of the Treasury Department study, it will have little, if anything, to do with the second aim of the law; namely, having a policy in place in the event there is another attack in the United States.  It is this ``preparedness'' reason that most compels me to believe that we need to continue a Federal terrorism insurance program. This Congress, Senator Dodd and Senator Bennett reintroduced the extension bill, S. 467, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act of 2005, of which I am an original cosponsor. In addition to extending TRIA to 2007, this bill establishes a Presidential working group on financial markets to submit a report to Congress containing recommendations to address the long-term availability and affordability of terrorism risk insurance.  The administration thus far has been silent on extending TRIA. It is essential that the administration lead rather than follow in this process of legislative deliberation. Furthermore, vacancies in key administration positions have led to a vacuum in leadership and communication needed for good policymaking as we approach deliberations on TRIA. Extending TRIA is absolutely the right thing to protect the economic security of our country. I urge my colleagues to take a close look at this legislation and join us in supporting it.  I thank the Chair. I yield back my time.  