President, I rise to oppose the budget resolution conference report that is before us this evening. In spite of an expected fiscal year 2006 deficit of $382 billion, this resolution calls for an additional $106 billion of tax cuts over the next 5 years.  Reasonable tax cuts focused on energy incentives or educational incentives would not need special reconciliation instructions to protect them because they enjoy widespread bipartisan support. They would actually help our economy. But this resolution contains $70 billion of unsound tax cuts that would be protected under reconciliation. They would require only 51 votes without any meaningful amendments or debate to become law.  As part of these cuts, there would be $9 billion to accelerate estate tax relief and $23 billion for additional capital gains and dividend tax cuts. That amounts to $32 billion in tax cuts over the next 5 years that will benefit only the very wealthiest members of our society, and those tax cuts are paid for by cuts in programs that are vital to working men and women and families across this country, such as $10 billion in cuts to Medicaid.  Preliminary analysis of this budget by the Democratic staffs of the Joint Economic Committee and the House Budget Committee finds that well over 90 percent of the benefits from these $32 billion worth of tax cuts would be received by families in the richest fifth of the income distribution, whereas almost half of the Medicaid cuts come at the expense of families in the bottom fifth of the distribution. This is very clear and very disturbing: tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans at the expense of health care for the poorest Americans. That is what is in this budget. It is wrong. It is unfair. It is unjust. Nearly three-quarters of the Medicaid cuts hurt the poorest 40 percent of families, and there are also cuts in discretionary spending that will hit middle-income families.  In addition to these very difficult and unwise cuts, there are special reconciliation instructions to increase the debt limit. This is an attempt to disguise the irresponsible fiscal policy of the Republican administration and this Republican Congress. We understand that this budget, as the Senator from North Dakota pointed out, is going to increase our deficits without limit over the next several years. Increased deficits hurt our economy. They erode investment. They necessitate foreign borrowing from countries such as China and Japan. Eventually, we will have to pay back what we have borrowed and eventually this foreign borrowing and lack of investment will undercut our quality of life and our standard of living.  Large budget deficits are now also forcing us to make the unfair budget cuts I just discussed, cuts to Medicaid and other programs that are essential to families throughout this country. We are asking the most vulnerable people in our country, those least able to afford denial of these benefits, to pay for tax cuts of the very wealthiest.  At a time when the number of uninsured Americans is growing and our health care system is in a crisis, as health care is becoming increasingly more expensive and unaffordable, the Republicans are proposing a $10 billion cut in Medicaid. This will force States to abandon thousands of Americans who currently now depend on these programs for health care. The poor, the sick, and the disabled are paying for tax cuts for wealthy Americans.  These effects are not just on these individuals, but they will affect whole communities. In 2003, the Institute of Medicine prepared a report called A Shared Destiny, and it pointed out as one cuts away at the foundations of health care in this country, the Medicaid system, the public health system, that we pay for it in terms of the declining quality of our overall health care system. We pay for it in terms of our reduced access to care in emergency rooms due to overcrowding, and we pay for it in terms of lost productivity as Americans without health care become sick and do not work because they cannot work.  A recent State-by-State analysis by Families USA found that the impact in my home State of Rhode Island of cutting Medicaid by $10 billion would be 600 fewer seniors served and an $11 million reduction in Medicaid reimbursements.  These reductions will be devastating for my State and other States. It will be unlikely that my State can as easily handle its commitments through innovative programs such as the medical assistance program and its employer subsidy program called RIte Share, which is designed to help small businesses pay for the health care of their workers so that these workers are not exclusively dependent on State and Federal programs.  I have been visited over the last few weeks by hospital administrators, doctors, disability groups, and countless patient advocacy groups. They have one message: Do not cut Medicaid. It is vital to people. It is essential to our States. But that is exactly what this budget does. It does not represent the priorities of the American people. The vast majority of Americans understands we have to provide at least a minimum level of health care for our citizens.  This budget is also going to result in deep cuts to community developmentprograms and housing programs. Although CDBG funds have been restored, it cuts deeply at other programs, over $100 million in cuts from Housing for Persons with Disabilities; $14 million from Housing for Persons with AIDS; $24 million from Rural Housing and Economic Development; $24 million from Brownfields programs; almost $286 million from HOPE VI Programs; $226 million from Section 8 Project-Based Assistance; $252 million from the Public Housing Capital Fund; and on and on.  This budget hurts the most vulnerable members of society to benefit the wealthy. It is not fair, it is not just, and it is not wise policy.  This budget also had a chance to do something positive, to retain the Kennedy amendment to help fund educational programs such as TRIO Upward Bound, TRIO Talent Search, GEAR UP, and LEAP. It did not support the Kennedy amendment and indeed it seeks $7 billion in additional cuts to student loans. This program reflects irresponsible fiscal policies that have been with this administration from the beginning.  When the President took office in 2000, the public debt was $3.4 trillion and falling. If we take this budget resolution and pass it, the face value of public debt will be $6.2 trillion by 2010 and rising. In fact, the more realistic assessment will probably put it higher. We are adding to the burden of our country. We are adding to the burden of the next generation of Americans. These irresponsible fiscal policies are hurting us and this budget contributes to those policies. It jeopardizes our future as it undercuts the safety and security of so many families today.  I urge my colleagues to reject it.  