President, I will make a few additional comments in the remaining time with respect to the LIHEAP program and this legislation.  This is a very simple amendment. It adds $3.1 billion. It would bring it up to the level that was authorized in the Energy bill which we considered on this floor several weeks ago, recognizing the authorization levels had to be raised given the increase in prices, given the need for more Americans to access the LIHEAP program.  The energy costs to the average family using heating oil this winter are estimated to hit about $1,500, and that is a significant increase, about $400 over last year. Natural gas could hit over $1,000, an increase of $350. Propane prices are projected to hit $1,400 for the average prices for the whole year of heating, an increase of about $325.  This is particularly burdensome for low-income families and families in poverty. In fact, families who live in poverty spend over 20 percent of their income on heat. That is in contrast to other families, middle- and upper-income families who spend about 5 percent during a heating season. So this is a huge impact, in fact, a more aggravated impact, on low-income Americans.  Frankly, the choice for many seniors is very stark: to heat or to eat. A RAND study pointed out that low-income households reduce their food expenditures by roughly the same amount as their increases in fuel expenditures. They cut back on eating to heat their homes. It doesn't take a RAND study to suggest why that is the case. It is hard for a senior or for anyone who lives in a home where the temperature is 50 or 45 degrees. You can put on sweaters and extra blankets but at some point you have to keep the energy flowing as best you can. They will, in fact, as the studies indicate, avoid eating to heat their homes.  Our LIHEAP program in Rhode Island, as so many programs across the country, is under tremendous stress and strain. Last year they served 26,000 families, but if the President's proposal goes through with $2 billion, they will only be able to service about 21,000 families. So 5,000 families will not get anything; 21,000 families lucky enough to qualify will receive resources, but it will be not as adequate as it was last year to buy heating oil, particularly because the price has gone up so much. So it is again a situation I find difficult to understand, why we cannot summon the will to do something which is so obviously necessary.  This is no innovative program. This is no controversial program. I dare say everyone on this floor would say it is a good program, it makes sense, it helps people who need help, particularly at a time when prices are surging as they are. Yet I hope we can come together and recognize we need something more than words. We actually need the appropriations to help keep these people whole, keep them, literally, warm this winter.  We have all been out to our communities. We have all visited with seniors. I visited with a senior from Rhode Island, a veteran of the U.S. military who is 88 years old--part of that great generation of World War II. He receives LIHEAP support. Frankly, this year even if he receives the same amount of money, it will not buy the same amount of fuel oil and it will be colder in his home. As has been said so often on this floor, and it has to be repeated, we can do much better. We could do much better for an 88-year-old veteran of the U.S. military forces who last year got a little help and this year will get less help. We can do better and we should do better.  We need to fully fund LIHEAP up to the authorized level of $5.1 billion. I think we have to do more, going forward on other energy projects. But let's at least begin with adequately funding the LIHEAP Program.  I hope my colleagues will join my cosponsors, Senator Collins, Senator Snowe, Senator Smith, Senator Coleman on the Republican side, and many others on the Democratic side to ensure that this amendment is passed and we can at least guarantee minimum warmth for our seniors and low-income families across this country.  With that, I reserve the remainder of my time.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. I ask unanimous consent the time be divided equally between both sides.  