President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act. By passing this legislation today, the Senate recognizes the critical need to maintain the Perkins program--the Federal Government's single biggest investment in our nation's high schools.  The Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act provides a vital link between students and the high-skilled workforce American business depends on to thrive. It funds rigorous and challenging career and technical education programs that give more than 10 million Americans the opportunity to attain the specific skills needed to successfully embark on careers and undertake further education.  The President's decision to eliminate this program in his fiscal year 2006 budget proposal is exceedingly short-sighted. It would aggravate the skills gap that employers already face and cost our country in future competitiveness, productivity, and innovation. The President seeks to eliminate a $1.3 billion investment, $6.4 million of which would be a loss to my state, Rhode Island.  Instead, the Senate's action today will help ensure this program's continued success.  I am especially pleased that this legislation contains provisions I authored to address the needs expressed to me by educators in Rhode Island. As I have in other education reauthorization bills, I worked to strengthen professional development programs for career and technical educators, principals, administrators, and counselors. I also ensured the legislation gives states more flexibility in their use of funding and in implementing innovative statewide initiatives. In addition, I added language to ensure schools can offer students the benefit of real-world internships and other work-based learning experiences to enhance their skills.  These and other provisions in the bill will strengthen the Perkins Act. I sincerely hope that we will maintain the same cooperative and bipartisan spirit as we work toward final passage of this bill.  