President, this amendment would transfer $50 million from the Missile Defense Program to the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program which is designed to secure nuclear materials and nuclear weapons in countries around the globe, principally the former Soviet Union.  A few facts I think are in order.  First, with respect to missile defense funding, in the emergency supplemental appropriations bill for the global war on terror, there was an additional $50 million appropriated that was not required or asked for by the Agency. With this money, even with this amendment, the Agency still would have sufficient money to carry out its programmed operations for this year. Again, we are just transferring $50 million from this rather expensive program overall.  Let me briefly recap where we are with respect to the program.  The administration has already requested and Congress has provided funds for 30 interceptors. There are nine already in the ground. There are others being constructed. There are 21 that are in some aspect of construction. Yet in the fiscal year 2006 budget, there is a request for 10 additional operational interceptors, plus 8 test interceptors, for 18 in all. Again, these are in addition to the 30 interceptors that are already planned for.  In addition to that, I must point out that the production rate capacity for these interceptors is 12 per year. So we are asking for more missiles than can be produced in 1 year. So there are ample funds with respect to missile defense. We are asking for more missiles than can be produced in 1 year--many more missiles than can be produced. This is a situation that I believe calls for readjustment of funds, moving it to another compelling need.  One of the compelling needs I urge on my colleagues is to fund the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program. President Bush and President Putin met in Bratislava months ago and created a unique opportunity for additional funding of the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program. This meeting took place after preparation of the budget. So moving $50 million from missile defense to the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program will allow this country to carry out the pledge President Bush made to President Putin to more aggressively secure 15 additional sites.  There is one final point I would like to make. There is often the argument, well, we shouldn't fund the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program because there are so many unobligated funds; they can't use the money. In August of this year, the Missile Defense Program had $844 million in unobligated funds. If the Missile Defense Agency has $844 million in unobligated funds, I don't think anyone would stand up immediately and say they can't use it, don't need it, et cetera. The same goes for the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program. We have needs out there. The greatest threat to face this country, in my view, is the combination of terrorists and nuclear materials. We are going after the terrorists. We have to also aggressively go after nuclear materials. We can do this.  This is a very modest transfer of funds for a program that is vitally important to fulfill the pledge that the President made with President Putin, and it will not in any way impair the funding available for missile defense.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  