President, the Senate is undertaking a long awaited debate on S. 467, Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act of 2005. This bill extends the important program that allows for the Federal Government to share the risk of loss from future terrorist attacks with the insurance industry for 2 more years, to 2007.  As we all know, terrorism remains a clear and present danger. The need for terrorism insurance is real, pressing, and a long-term issue. In the post-9/11 world, it is important to keep the existing TRIA program in place, while continuing to work with the private sector--both policyholders and insurers--to craft a longer term program that addresses all the needs of policyholders.  I want to particularly commend Minority Leader Reid, Chairman Shelby, Senators Sarbanes, Dodd, Bennett, and their staffs for their tireless efforts in bringing this issue to the forefront of the Senate's legislative agenda.  The need for terrorism insurance coverage has been widely established as an economic issue, rather than just simply an insurance issue. In the past year, we have heard that many American businesses--policyholders--are already receiving exclusion notices from insurers informing them that they will not be covered on policies beyond TRIA's sunset date. As a result, there has been increasing uncertainty about the availability of adequate terrorismcoverage beyond 2005. Clearly, a Federal backstop is vital to ensuring the ongoing availability of terrorism risk coverage.  The other key reason to act on this issue is the fact that should another catastrophic event occur, the Federal Government will likely be on the hook for the total amount of the damage.  An important aspect of this debate is making certain that terrorism insurance coverage is available in the workers' compensation market. Workers' compensation is unique insurance coverage in that law requires that it cover acts of terrorism and war. For close to a century now, workers' compensation has been a safety net available to all workers and their families, replacing lost wages, and paying for medical needs and death benefits regardless of the cause of the workplace injury or death. A strong workers' compensation system is integral to helping victims and their families rebuild their lives.  In my State of Rhode Island, the burden of providing workers' compensation falls to one mutual insurance compan, Beacon Mutual, which was created by the State to ensure that there will always be workers' compensation available to companies in the State. With less availability of reinsurance, the concern for one company conceivably underwriting the entire market for workers' compensation was significant and would have created a very tenuous situation for the company, the State, and its residents. Extending TRIA will address the various problems that employers, insurance companies, and State workers compensation pools alike have had to endure in the absence of a Federal backstop.  I would note, however, that although S. 467 is an improvement on the administration's proposal for the trigger for a terrorist incident--$50 million in the first year of the extension and $100 million in the last, down from $500 million, I remain concerned that because of the concentration of risk and their small capitalization, a higher trigger level for State fund companies put these funds uniquely at risk. A number of terrorist targets could create a result where workers' compensation losses could exceed property losses, but still not reach the proposed higher trigger. As we move towards finding a long-term solution to terrorism insurance coverage, I hope we can work to better address this issue.  There remains a great need to do something because, as it has been stated very plainly during this debate, the situation without a Federal terrorism risk insurance program could be very dire. Extending TRIA is absolutely the right thing to do to protect the economic security of our country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I look forward to its speedy adoption and signature into law.  