President, the Senate is undertaking a long awaited debate on the need to strengthen the private pension system. It is imperative that current and future retirees are assured that they will receive the pension benefits they have been promised so they are able to enjoy a secure retirement.  I am deeply concerned about the growing economic insecurity of today's workers. Despite recent economic growth, a healthy jobs recovery has yet to take hold, wages are failing to keep pace with inflation, income inequality is growing, employer-provided health insurance coverage is falling, and private pensions are in jeopardy. Indeed, strong productivity growth has translated into higher profits for businesses, but not more take home pay for average workers. The stagnation of earnings in the face of soaring prices for gasoline, home heating, food, and health care is squeezing the take home pay of workers.  Any wage gains we have seen seem to be concentrated at the top of the earnings distribution, while the largest losses are at the bottom. Over the past 4 years, average household income has fallen for all income groups except a small slice at the very top of the distribution. Those developments stand in sharp contrast to what happened in the 1990s, when wage and income gains were strong for all income and earnings groups.  At the same time that earnings are stagnating, the average worker's retirement prospects are more uncertain than ever. Twenty years ago, most workers with a pension plan could expect to receive a defined benefit based on years of service and salary. Today, defined contribution plans--which shift most of the investment risk and responsibility onto workers--have become the dominant form of pension coverage. As a result of this increased risk and responsibility, average workers may end up with inadequate retirement savings.  Despite the shift away from traditional pensions, defined benefit plans remain a critical source of retirement support, with 44 million workers and retirees relying on such plans as a source of stable retirement income. However, as we have seen by the recent pension terminations in the airline industry, the real risk of defined benefit plan defaults further exacerbates workers' uncertainty and concern about their retirement prospects.  The Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation estimates that total underfunding in PBGC-insured pension plans is about $450 billion, more than $100 billion of which is in plans sponsored by financially weak companies and at reasonable risk of default.  And what of the status of PBGC itself, which serves as a backstop to the defined benefit pension system? At the end of 2005, the PBGC reported a cumulative deficit of $22.8 billion in its single-employer program. That figure is a slight improvement from a year earlier, when the shortfall was $23.3 billion which is the largest deficit in the program's 30-year history, and a sharp deterioration from only a few years ago when the single-employer program was in surplus. The deficit is expected to get worse in 2006, as PBGC will account for additional liabilities that it has taken over for the new fiscal year resulting from a number of major airlines and manufacturing companies who have defaulted on their pension obligations.  While the PBGC has sufficient assets to pay benefit obligations for a number of years, without changes in funding, the agency will eventually run out ofmoney. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that PBGC's cumulative deficit will increase to $87 billion over the next 10 years, and suggests that there is a significant likelihood that all of PBGC's assets will be exhausted within the next 20 years.  The increased number of pension defaults means lost benefits for participants whose earned benefits exceed the statutory maximum benefit guarantee; premium increases for healthy plan sponsors remaining in the system; and ultimately the risk of a taxpayer bailout of the PBGC.  Clearly, the private pension funding system needs reform and the bill before us today, S. 1783, the Pension Security and Transparency Act of 2005, is movement in the right direction. I know that Chairman Enzi, Ranking Member Kennedy, Chairman Grassley, Ranking Member Baucus, and their staffs worked long hours to get to this point.  The bill tightens the funding rules to ensure that defined benefit plans are adequately funded. Limiting the use of credit balances to prevent companies with unfunded plans from avoiding plan contributions and requiring an accurate accounting of each plan's true financial condition are important steps.  But we must also avoid imposing unnecessarily burdensome funding requirements on plan sponsors that are playing by the rules. An asset valuation approach that doesn't allow for short-term fluctuations in the stock market will only exacerbate the inherent volatility in pension plan funding and increase funding burdens during economic downturns when companies can least afford them.  The bill also requires truth-in-funding disclosures for companies with underfunded pension plans so participants and other stakeholders can learn the true financial condition of their pension plans, as well as the potential loss of benefits if the plan terminates. This is an especially important safeguard for workers whose pension benefits exceed the PBGC's maximum benefit guarantee limit.  In order for the PBGC to remain a viable insurance program that continues to protect workers and retirees, its current funding gap must be closed. Recognizing this, the bill increases PBGC premiums to $30, while ensuring that companies whose plans pose the greatest insurance risk actually pay the additional premium for that risk.  S. 1783 would also prohibit companies from funding nonqualified plans under certain circumstances, including bankruptcy, significant underfunding of regular pension plans, or the termination of an underfunded regular pension plan. This is a positive development in addressing inequities of what has become a two-tiered pension system. Too often, the executives of those companies that default on their pension obligations escape with padded executive retirement packages while the average worker is left holding the bag. Companies that underfund or default on their regular pension obligations should be prohibited from funding and paying out benefits from special executive pension plans.  Finally, as new types of defined benefit plans evolve, we must ensure that older workers are protected and don't lose the benefits they have been promised.  The Pension Security and Transparency Act makes positive strides toward ensuring that workers will receive the full pension benefits they have earned. While the bill reflects difficult compromises, it is important that we act now to preserve the financial health of defined benefit pensions. I urge my colleagues to not stop here. We must continue work to improve our pensions system to ensure that Americans who work their entire lives have the financial security they deserve and worked so hard for when they retire.  