President, Senator Collins and I have proposed an amendment that would raise LIHEAP funding to a total of $5.1 billion. That is absolutely necessary as we approach the winter with rising fuel prices, rising natural gas prices. Our amendment will help all States. I want to make it very clear all of our funding goes into the State block grant program, so no State will be disadvantaged.  My colleague from New Hampshire has introduced a complementary amendment that does not provide, in my view, sufficient funding. At his level of funding, States such as Minnesota, Washington, and Wisconsin will receive no new money. I think that is unfortunate because those States and the citizens of those States deserve the kind of support that will be necessary this winter.  Fifty-three Senators have already joined us to support the increase in LIHEAP spending to the $5.1 billion total mark. I hope they will continue to support us. There is a second storm surge coming from Katrina, and that is rising energy prices that have overwhelmed vulnerable families throughout this country.  In addition, my colleague from New Hampshire is proposing to fund this with an across-the-board cut. That across-the-board cut will disappear in conference. As Chairman Specter has pointed out, this bill is bare bones. When the conferees arrive and look at the funding for Head Start and look atfunding for other critical programs, I do not think they are going to allow this supposed increase in LIHEAP funding. Also, we are paying for this LIHEAP increase by taking away valuable programs: 37,000 students in title I will be denied services because of these cuts. We are going to reduce IDEA spending. We are going to reduce Head Start spending. We are essentially robbing Peter to pay Paul, taking from some who need to give to others who need. That is not fair. It is not appropriate and it is unnecessary.  This is an emergency. Just as the storm damage in the gulf was an emergency, this is an emergency. I urge support of the Reed-Collins amendment and opposition to the Gregg amendment.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  