President, first, I thank Senator Craig for a very deliberate and civil debate. I thank my staff, Steve Eichenauer.  The legislation before us is not about the facts. There is no crisis in litigation affecting the gun manufacturers. These are the litigation trends of Smith & Wesson: In 2001, 32 cases by municipalities; 10 by product liability. It declined steadily, with four cases ending on appeal and two cases with respect to personal liability. That is not a graph showing a crisis in litigation. The slope is going the wrong way. There is no crisis. There is no threat to procurement of military weapons. That is also conjured up out of thin air.  This is not about legal principle. A fundamental legal principle in this country is if you are wronged by the negligence of another, you can go to court. This is not about legal principles. We have had talk about intervening criminal activities taking away the negligence of another. That is not what the statement of torts, which is the black letter law of the country, states. These exceptions in the bill have been carefully crafted to prevent lawsuits, not to enable appropriate lawsuits to go forward.  It is not a failure of State courts to act. They have been acting. These cases have been going down under current State law. They are being handled by the States. It is about power, sheer naked power by the National Rifle Association--the power to take us off the Defense bill, the power to take us from that bill which would consider the quality of life and the safety of our troops to go to this legislation, the power to take us away from debate on stem cells which will save people and help people, so we can protect people who deal in dangerous weapons. It is about power; it is not about principle.  But there is something else. If this legislation passes, what incentive will there be for a gun dealer or gun manufacturer to act reasonably? There is a rogues' gallery of gun dealers--RealcoGuns in Maryland, Southern Police Equipment in Richmond--all across the country--Atlantic Gun and Tackle in Bedford Heights, OH. Hundreds of guns are sold and are ending up at crime scenes. If they are this blatant and reckless now, what do they do when we say, ``Don't worry, no one can touch you''? It will create huge disincentives.  Finally, what we are doing today is silencing the voices of victims of gun violence, silencing people who have been wronged through the negligence of another. This is not about trying gun manufacturers for someone else's fault, this is about their own responsibility.  Think tonight about what happened in Washington with the snipers. An FBI employee loading material at a Home Depot parking lot--shot. Some of that was attributed to the negligence of a gun dealer. That lady's husband and family would be silenced. Think about the young boy walking to his school in Maryland--shot. His family would be silenced. Think about the cabdriver filling up his cab. Tonight when we fill up our cars, think for a second, what if you were struck down, caught up in that web of violence. What if your family knew part of that was the result of the negligence of a gun dealer, a gun manufacturer. Who will take care of your family? Who will take care of you if you are paralyzed? We are telling those good people, our constituents: You are not worth it; the NRA is more important. You will suffer. If you don't have the money, you will be on charity. That will take care of you.  This is wrong. It is wrong morally, it is wrongly legally. We should vote against this legislation. I passionately hope we do.  I yield back my time.  