President, I would like to take this opportunity to say a few words about the Energy Policy Act of 2005, H.R. 6. While I did not support the bill for several reasons, I do acknowledge that the bill is, in many respects, better than the bill the Senate rejected in 2003. I am pleased, for example, that the bill we are sending to conference does more to address the reliability of our electricity grid, contains a 10 percent renewable portfolio standard for electricity production, and does not include an unnecessary liability waiver for the MTBE industry.  We all agree that reliable, affordable energy is critical to the economic well being of our Nation. And increasingly, our Nation's energy policy is central to our national security. As I considered how to vote on the energy bill, I asked myself three questions. First, would this bill take meaningful action to reduce our dependence on foreign oil? Second, would the bill enhance homeland security? And third, is this $48 billion bill fiscally responsible and does it set the right priorities for our Nation?  As for the first question, unfortunately, I find that this bill does not do nearly enough to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.  Oil prices have recently soared to around $60 a barrel, a level that, even when adjusted for inflation, has not been seen in over 15 years. Imports of foreign oil are draining valuable economic resources out of our communities and Nation. The U.S. imports 4.5 billion barrels of oil per year. With prices up $20 a barrel over the past year, an increase that appears to be with us for the foreseeable future, we are experiencing an effective annual reduction in domestic income of $90 billion. That is $90 billion that we could better invest in energy efficiency and renewable energy, as well as police, firefighters, workforce training, and education for our children.  Over the next 10 years the world's daily energy demand will grow to nearly 100 million barrels. We will have to find an extra 50 million barrels of oil per day to meet that demand. The industry is already spending $200 billion a year to find oil, but even at that extraordinary level of investment, there are enormous difficulties in finding recoverable reserves to fill the gap between supply and demand. The United States has about 2 percent of theworld's oil reserves. We simply cannot drill our way out of this crisis.  Reducing our dependence on oil must be both a national energy and a national security priority. But that is not a high priority of this Energy bill. This bill fails to promote meaningful reductions in our oil dependence by casting aside a much-needed increase in CAFE standards for cars and by omitting Senator Cantwell's 40 percent oil savings amendment.  According to the Rocky Mountain Institute, since 1975 the U.S. has doubled the economic activity wrung from each barrel of oil. Overall energy savings, worth about $365 billion in 2000 alone, are effectively the Nation's biggest and fastest-growing major energy source--equivalent to three times our total oil imports. CAFE standards were a primary reason for these savings. We must make even greater strides in fuel efficiency if we want to move our country towards true energy independence.  Gasoline consumption in the transportation sector represents about 44 percent of total oil consumption in the United States each year. If one includes diesel fuel, that number jumps to 57 percent. To bring about any serious reduction in our dependence on foreign oil we must increase the fuel efficiency of our cars and light trucks through an increase in CAFE standards, as well as by promoting the use of hybrids and vehicles that use alternative fuels. In model year 2002, the average fuel economy for cars and light trucks was 20.4 miles per gallon--a 22-year low. Yet, if performance and weight had stayed constant since 1981, the average fuel economy would have improved 33 percent--enough to displace the amount of oil we import from the Persian Gulf 2.5 times over. Not only will raising CAFE standards improve our energy security, it will also ensure our economic security. China is putting in place fuel efficiency rules that will be significantly more stringent than those in the United States. The Chinese standards call for new cars, vans, and sport utility vehicles to get as much as two miles a gallon of fuel more in 2005 than the average required in the U.S. and about five miles more in 2008. And they plan to export these cars to the United States. We need to improve efficiency to remain competitive.  For these reasons, I am an original cosponsor of S. 889, Senator Feinstein's bill to close the SUV loophole by gradually increasing fuel efficiency standards for SUVs to 27.5 miles per gallon--the same standard that now applies to passenger cars--by 2011. The legislation would also require that the average fuel economy of new vehicles purchased by the Federal Government be increased by three miles per gallon by 2008 and six miles per gallon by 2011. In addition, the bill would increase the weight range within which vehicles are bound by CAFE standards, making it harder for automotive manufacturers to build SUVs too big to be regulated by CAFE standards. The legislation would save the United States 1 million barrels of oil a day; reduce our dependence on foreign oil imports by 10 percent; prevent about 240 million tons of carbon dioxide--the top greenhouse gas and the biggest single cause of global warming--from entering the atmosphere each year; and save SUV and light duty truck owners hundreds of dollars each year in gasoline costs. It is unfortunate that the Senate energy bill includes no provision to require increased CAFE standards so that we can make real progress in reducing our dependence on foreign oil.  Moving to my second question: would this bill enhance our homeland security? Unfortunately, it would not.  Consumption of natural gas is growing at a faster rate than for any other primary energy source and is growing in all sectors of the economy--families heat their homes with natural gas, businesses use natural gas to produce products, natural gas vehicles are becoming more common, and power producers generate cleaner energy with it. According to the Consumer Federation of America, since 2000, the toll of higher natural gas prices on consumers is an estimated $80 billion. Similar to oil, demand is growing faster than available supplies can be delivered and the tightening in supply is resulting in dramatic price volatility. One way to increase natural gas supply in the United States is through liquefied natural gas, known as LNG. Again, however, we would do well to learn from our lessons with oil. One-third of the world's proven reserves of natural gas are in the Middle East, nearly two-fifths are in Russia and its former satellites, and significant reserves exist in Nigeria and Algeria. Political stability and terrorism are very real threats to the reliability of natural gas from these countries.  On the domestic front, the siting of liquefied natural gas, LNG, import terminals is an issue that has taken on critical importance for me and for the people of Rhode Island in recent months, as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, is now considering proposals by KeySpan Energy and Weaver's Cove Energy to establish LNG import terminals in Providence, RI and Fall River, MA, respectively.  I recognize that natural gas is an important and growing component of New England and the Nation's energy supply, and that imported LNG offers a promising new supply source to complement our domestic natural gas supplies. In a post-September 11 world, however, we must consider the substantial safety and security risks associated with siting LNG marine terminals in urban communities and requiring LNG tankers to pass within close proximity to miles of densely populated coastline.  That is the major problem with the current siting process and with the underlying bill before us. While States do have certain environmental permitting authorities delegated to them under Federal laws like the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, and the Coastal Zone Management Act, States have no clear authority over the siting of LNG terminals in the one area that everyone is most concerned about: public safety and security.  Senator Feinstein and I offered an amendment that would have ensured that States have an authentic voice in the siting of LNG terminals by giving Governors the same authority to approve or disapprove onshore terminals that they now have over offshore terminals under the Deepwater Port Act. If a Governor has the right to say yes or no to an offshore LNG terminal, it only makes sense that he or she should have the same rights with respect to an LNG terminal located onshore or in State waters. The National Governors Association agreed and wrote in strong support of our amendment.  I know that some of the opponents of this amendment say this is all about NIMBY, or ``Not in My Backyard,'' as if the issue is that our constituents would just rather not have to see these storage tanks and large vessels. But it is a much more serious and complicated matter than that.  The Sandia National Laboratory released a report last December that said a terror attack on a tanker delivering LNG to a U.S. terminal could set off a fire so hot it would burn skin and damage buildings nearly a mile away. For the terminals proposed in New England, that means schools, libraries, and thousands of homes, all within the damage zone. We can argue about the odds of such an attack, but when new LNG terminals are already being developed nearby in the Canadian maritime provinces--an area with reliable pipeline access to New England--and the first U.S. offshore LNG facility recently began receiving deliveries, there is no justification for placing these terminals in the heart of our communities.  I again want to emphasize that I recognize LNG's important role in the energy infrastructure of Rhode Island and the Nation, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure reliable supplies of natural gas to our homes and businesses. I am disappointed that the Feinstein-Reed amendment was defeated, but our efforts have just begun. For now, I hope the 45 votes the amendment received will send a strong message to FERC that the agency should work more closely with Governors and the State environmental and first responder agencies that have firsthand knowledge of the geography and population of our States, so that we can bring more natural gas to our communities while minimizing the risk to our citizens.  Finally, we must ask ourselves, is the $48 billion cost of this bill fiscally responsible given our growing national debt and cuts in funding for other priorities such as education, water infrastructure, and transit? For me, the answer is no.  Over 11 years, this bill would provide $18.2 billion in energy tax incentives for electricity infrastructure, fossil fuels supply, energy efficiency, renewables, and vehicle and fuel incentives. I want to commend the Finance Committee for its work on the energy efficiency and renewable energy incentives in the bill. However, I am disappointed that the bill provides nearly $6 billion in tax breaks for oil, gas, and coal, and in addition, provides tax credits for nuclear energy. These tax breaks are provided despite the fact that President Bush has repeatedly stated that we do not need tax breaks for the oil and gas industry given the high prices Americans are experiencing.  Regrettably, this Energy bill also contains the Archer Daniels Midland ethanol mandate. In 2003, the United States consumed only 2.8 billion gallons of ethanol. But starting in 2006, the Energy bill will require Americans to purchase 4 billion gallons of ethanol, then 8 billion gallons by 2012, and then increasing amounts every year after 2012 in perpetuity by a percentage equivalent to the proportion of ethanol in the entire U.S. gas supply. So in addition to the already high gas prices Americans are paying at the pump, they will now be charged a tax to unnecessarily subsidize the ethanol industry, which already benefits from an income tax credit of 51 cents per gallon of pure ethanol, as well as a 54 cents per gallon tariff on imported ethanol.  The bill also provides loan guarantees for so-called innovative technologies, including nuclear power, a provision that would cost taxpayers $600 million. The legislation sets no limits on the number of projects, or the total principal that could be guaranteed for these speculative investments. As the Congressional Budget Office, CBO, points out, if a borrower defaults on a loan, the Department of Energy could take over a facility to recoup losses, or the Department could take over a loan and make payments on the loan for the borrower. To quote the CBO, ``Such payments could result in DOE effectively providing a direct loan with as much as a 100 percent subsidy rate--essentially a grant--that could be used by the borrower to pay off its debt.'' Is this a responsible use of taxpayer dollars when we are dramatically cutting funding for education, clean water, and energy efficiency programs? In my opinion, the answer is no.  I believe the American people deserve a better Energy bill from the Senate. They deserve a bill that takes seriously the need to reduce our dependency on foreign oil. They deserve a bill that provides for both our national security and energy security. They deserve a bill that requires real reductions in the greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming. They deserve a bill that reduces energy prices for consumers, not one that hands out unnecessary subsidies to industries. Unfortunately, if history is any indicator, this bill is going to get worse, not better, in conference with the House. I look forward to working with my colleagues to oppose the addition of MTBE liability waivers and any other onerous House provisions to the Energy bill. It is high time we gave the American people an Energy bill that deserves their full support.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I regret that the Senate has once again produced an Energy bill that does not serve either the present or future energy needs of our Nation. The provisions in this bill will not make us less dependent on foreign oil, will not enhance the reliability of the Nation's electricity grid, will not effectively promote energy efficiency and technological innovation, will not reduce the price of energy to consumers over time, and will not address our significant contribution to the serious problem of global warming.  While I commend the chairman and ranking member of the Energy Committee for the bipartisan process they have led throughout the debate, I cannot support the resulting bill. But I do want to acknowledge that compared to the last conference report on this issue, the measure before us is somewhat better in some respects and certainly more so than the recently passed House bill. For example, the Senate measure does include more emphasis on energy efficiency and renewable technology, doesn't include an MTBE waiver or hand-outs to Hooters, and a few special interests were left behind, although not enough.  However, when the price of gas reaches $3 a gallon, which some experts believe will occur within a year, and more manufacturing jobs are lost overseas due to soaring energy costs, and the next blackout occurs, and the wait lists for fuel-efficient cars grow even longer, and climatic changes increasingly affect American lives and livelihoods, the American public is surely going to judge that this Congress did not live up to the great challenge before it by passing a sound, far-reaching, national energy policy measure, despite the multiple years in the making. And, as we all know, Congress doesn't have any popularity points to squander at this time. But even more to the point is that we don't have the time to squander, now is the time we need to act to avoid disastrous economic and environmental consequences.  I am not spinning a doomsday scenario here, most of my colleagues appreciate the uncomfortable fact that these are our present energy supply realities. That is why I believe a more appropriate title for this bill would be ``The Lost Energy and Economic Opportunity Act of 2005.'' Opportunity lost because as a body we should have the vision and the political courage to craft national energy policy that addresses the serious energy problems before us with effective, identified solutions that put us on a new course--a more secure, reliable, and smarter course. Not the same tired path this bill treads, and spending an estimated $16 billion from the Federal Treasury to provide taxpayers' subsidies largely for wealthy energy producers and corporations.  With the passage of this bill, we will have lost the historic opportunity to craft a national energy policy that relies on the market realities of high priced oil and gas instead of taxpayer subsidies to drive our country in the direction of energy efficiency, security, and independence, as well as global environmental stewardship. It doesn't make fiscal or common sense to provide billions of taxpayer subsidies to encourage the production of energy by companies that are already gaining tremendous riches at today's sky high oil and gas prices. But this bill does just that--it gives tens of billions of taxpayer dollars to the oil, gas, and coal industries. And if this was not sufficient, the bill provides an unlimited number of loan guarantees for the construction and operation of fossil fuel and nuclear projects far into the future. As such, no one can accurately assess how much this bill will end up costing American taxpayers. We can say with certainty that it is many times more expensive than the $6.7 billion that the Administration wanted and even much more costly than the House bill at $8 billion. The tax incentives alone in the Senate bill are estimated to be more than $14 billion by the Joint Committee on Taxation. Remarkable generosity with scarce taxpayer funds.  My colleagues supporting this bill contend that these taxpayer subsidies are necessary to increase domestic energy supplies and provide incentives for technological innovation. I believe that these subsidies largely amount to a multi-billion-dollar maintenance of the status quo which will only perpetuate and exacerbate our current national energy and environmental problems for the foreseeable future.  Let me be clear. I understand the need to encourage the development and deployment of zero and low emission technologies. That is why Senator Lieberman and I added a comprehensive technology title to the Climate Stewardship and Innovation Act which we offered as an amendment last week. But the incentives provided in our legislation are different in many respects from those in the Energy bill.  For example, we propose a cost-sharing program with industry for first-of-a-kind engineering designs of facilities using advanced coal gasification, nuclear, and solar technologies as well as large scale biofuel production. Subsequent users of the designs generated under the program would pay a ``royalty fee'' on a per facility basis which would be used to reimburse the overall costs of the program.  Following the design phase, loans or loan guarantees would be allowed for the construction phase of the first facility utilizing advanced coal gasification, nuclear, solar, and large scalebiofuel production technologies. These loans would be repaid at the end of the construction phase, and in the case of loan guarantees, the guarantees would terminate at the end of the construction phase. This is very different from the programs authorized under the base Energy bill which provides loan guarantees over the operational life of the facilities. The approach in the underlying bill leaves the taxpayers liable for a very long time, 30 years in some cases, as opposed to a construction period of maybe 5 years in our legislation. And in our bill, we envision all assistance would be funded through the revenues from the early auction of carbon allowances to industry rather than entirely from the taxpayers pockets as would be the case in the underlying bill.  Instead of our approach, the American public is going to be saddled entirely with the expense of this bill, which is running on empty--empty of new ideas--and further running up our deficit. The fuel we should be relying on to drive our national energy policy is American consumer demand. If we allowed consumer demand to drive our legislative actions, this bill would emphasize energy efficiency across all sectors of the economy and include a reasonable and progressive CAFE standard for SUVs and all other passenger vehicles. If it were up to American consumers, we wouldn't be imposing a meaningless 8 billion gallon ethanol mandate, but instead would be making it possible for people to obtain and operate their automobiles using clean and abundant biofuels that actually reduce our dependence on foreign oil and not just provide subsidies to the ethanol producers. If it were to the American public, we would not be repealing the Public Utility Holding Company Act, PUHCA, without replacing it with alternative protections for utility ratepayers, investors, and pension plans. Finally, if it were up to the American public, we would pass a bill that addresses global climate change: more than 75 percent of Americans believe that we need to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and participate with our allies and other countries in a united effort. And in the process of reducing emissions, we would also improve the health of millions of Americans who suffer from asthma and other air quality-related conditions.  If these kind of policies were to be found in this bill not only would it satisfy the majority of the American public but it would significantly reduce our dependence on foreign oil while providing new jobs and financial benefits to the agricultural sector and a host of energy, technology, and service providers economy-wide. So why aren't we doing that in this bill? Why aren't we seizing the economic and environmental opportunities that are within our grasp, the available solutions to our current and future energy woes? There must be some good reason that we aren't giving the public what it wants but are giving special interests and rich corporations exactly what they want. I will leave that for the supporters of this bill to explain to the American public as we continue on our well-worn and convoluted energy path leading us no further than where we are right now. Only in the future, fuel prices will be higher, greenhouse gas emissions will be greater, and our economy, international relations, and environment will be in greater peril.  