President, I would like to discuss briefly my vote today in favor of the McCain-Lieberman climate change amendment. I supported this amendment because I believe our nation needs to take real action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, something the Bush administration has so far refused to do. Global warming is a serious problem that has alarming repercussions for our future food production, water supplies, national security, and the survival of many species of wildlife. The vast majority of mainstream scientists now accept that global warming is real and that it is caused in large part by human activities.  The McCain-Lieberman amendment would hold total U.S. greenhouse gas emissions at year 2000 levels starting in 2010. Most importantly, once that cap is set in place, emissions would not be allowed to increase. The amendment would establish a cap and trade regime for greenhouse gases based on the successful acid rain program that has harnessed the incentives of the free market to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions.  I recognize the concerns that have been expressed about this amendment because its innovation title would provide funding for the demonstration of a list of technologies that includes new nuclear reactors. I share this concern, and I agree that many questions remain unanswered about the safe and secure disposal of nuclear waste.  On the other hand, nuclear power is only one of many technologies that are eligible to compete for demonstration funding in the McCain-Lieberman amendment, including, but not limited to, solar, biofuels, and coal gasification with carbon capture. In addition, these funds would come not from taxpayer dollars but from the sale of emissions allowances under the new cap and trade program. While I would prefer not to see nuclear power in this mix, the McCain-Lieberman amendment would have provided substantial mandatory reductions in greenhouse gases that are essential for our future. It is my sincere hope that the Congress and the Bush administration will finally recognize the reality of climate change and take action to reduce our Nation's greenhouse gas emissions.  