President.  In 1974, a freshman Senator from Delaware named Joe Biden was identified as one of Time magazine's ``200 Faces for the Future.'' That prescient prediction anticipated the more than four decades of contributions and accomplishments that followed. Joe Biden served six terms in the U.S. Senate and became Vice President of the United States, but he is exactly the same person today as he was when more than 40 years ago he took that first train trip from Wilmington to Washington to be sworn in as a United States Senator. He is everybody's friend--but nobody's fool. And while Joe Biden changed Washington, Washington never changed him.  It is an article of faith among those of us who know and love Joe Biden that nothing is more important to him than family. It is, therefore, a cruel irony that this good and decent man has faced so many family tragedies during his long and fruitful career in public service.  Although he has been sorely tested by several wrenching losses, Vice President Biden's irrepressible spirit has never been broken. He is as optimistic about his country today as he was in 1972, when as a county councilman he defeated a long-serving Senate incumbent and began the journey that ultimately led him to the second highest office in the land. With his Cancer Moonshot Initiative, Joe Biden once again has turned personal tragedy into a public cause that undoubtedly will save lives.  To know Joe Biden is to admire him, his warmth, his devotion to friends and family, his commitment to all things Delaware, and his fierce loyalty to his party that somehow never alienated those of us on the other side of the aisle. Perhaps that is due to the many thoughtful gestures the Vice President demonstrates every day.  How well I remember bringing my younger brother to the White House holiday party one year and running into the Vice President just as he was leaving after a long day of work. He instantly stopped and asked if we would like for him to give us a personal tour of the West Wing of the White House. For the next 45 minutes, instead of being driven home, the Vice President of the United States took my brother and me on the best tour of the White House that anyone could ever have. I still remember the shocked look on the face of the marine at the situation room when we arrived there.  Another wonderful memory that I have was of the time Joe Biden and I were named Irish Americans of the Year by the American Ireland Fund. I thought it was so telling that both of us brought our family members to the celebratory dinner, and both of us talked about our Irish mothers. Now, I do remember that Joe's speech was considerably better than mine, but mine was much, much shorter.  In a time of almost suffocating partisanship, Joe Biden is a breath of bipartisan fresh air. People may disagree with Joe on 1 or 2 or even 10 issues, but nobody finds him disagreeable. It is often said that if you don't love Joe Biden, it is time for some serious introspection. You may have a serious problem.  No one can say with certainty what lies ahead for Vice President Joe Biden, but this much is certain: He will face the future with unbridled enthusiasm, extraordinary energy, and an unwavering commitment to his family, his friends, and his country.  I thank the Vice President for his outstanding service to our country, but most of all I thank him for his extraordinary friendship to me. I wish the Vice President and his wonderful family all the best.  Thank you, Mr. President.  