President, I wish to speak on my amendment No. 3197, to increase the protection of our critical infrastructure in the electric sector from a debilitating cyber attack. I am pleased to have Senators Mikulski and Hirono join me as cosponsors.  Critical infrastructure refers to entities that are vital to the safety, health, and economic well-being of the American people, such as the major utilities that run the Nation's electric grid, the national air transportation system that moves passengers and cargo safely from one location to another, and the elements of the financial sector that ensure the $14 trillion in payments made every day are securely routed through the banking system.  The underlying bill includes several provisions that I support to improve the cyber posture of the U.S. electric grid. These include giving the Secretary of Energy new authority to take actions to protect the grid in the event of an emergency and establishing new programs to reduce vulnerabilities and improve collaboration among the Department of Energy, national labs, and private industry.  The underlying bill, however, makes no distinction between the vast majority of local or regional utilities and the very few entities that are so key to the electric grid that they could debilitate the U.S. economy and our way of life if they were attacked.  The Department of Homeland Security has identified the critical infrastructure entities at greatest risk of resulting in catastrophic harm if they were the targets of a successful cyber attack.  While the entire list includes fewer than 65 entities across all sectors of the economy, it warrants our special attention because there is ample evidence, both classified and unclassified, that demonstrates the threat facing critical infrastructure, including our energy sector.  Indeed, the committee report accompanying this bill notes that one-third of reported cyber attacks involve the energy sector.  The amendment I have filed to this energy policy bill would only affect those entities on the list that are already subject to the oversight of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, known as FERC.  Our amendment would require FERC to identify and propose actions that would reduce, to the greatest extent practicable, the likelihood that a cyber attack on one of these entities would result in catastrophic harm.  By ``catastrophic harm,'' the Department of Homeland Security means a single cyber attack that would likely result in 2,500 deaths, $50 billion in economic damage, or a severe degradation of our national security. In other words, if one of these entities upon which we depend each day were attacked, the results would be devastating.  The Director of National Intelligence, Jim Clapper, has testified that the greatest threat facing our country is in cyber space and that the number one cyber challenge concerning him is an attack on our Nation's critical infrastructure.  His assessment is backed up by several intrusions into the industrial controls of critical infrastructure. Since2009, the Wall Street Journal has published reports regarding efforts by foreign adversaries, such as China, Russia, and Iran, to leave behind software on American critical infrastructure and to disrupt U.S. banks through cyber intrusions.  Multiple natural gas pipeline companies were the target of a sophisticated cyber intrusion campaign beginning in December 2011, and Saudi Arabia's oil company, Aramco, was subject to a destructive cyber attack in 2012.  In an incident that is still not fully understood, 700,000 Ukrainians lost power in December due to an attack that Ukrainian authorities and many journalists have ascribed to Russian hackers.  In a hearing of the Intelligence Committee last summer, I asked Admiral Rogers, the Director of the National Security Agency, which is responsible for cyber space, how prepared our country was for a cyber attack against our critical infrastructure. He replied that we are at a ``5 or 6.''  Last month, the Deputy Director of the NSA, Richard Ledgett, was asked during a CNN interview if foreign actors already have the capability of shutting down key U.S. infrastructure, such as the financial sector, energy, transportation, and air traffic control. His response? ``Absolutely.''  When it comes to cyber security, ignorance is not bliss. The amendment we have filed would take the common sense approach of requiring the Federal agency responsible for the cyber security of the electric grid to collaborate with the entities that matter most and to propose actions that can reduce the risk of a catastrophic attack that could cause thousands of deaths, a devastating blow to our economy or national defense, or all of these terrible consequences.  Congress has previously missed opportunities to improve our Nation's cyber preparedness before a ``cyber 9/11'' eventually occurs. We should not repeat that mistake.  I urge my colleagues to support this vital, bipartisan amendment.  