President, on October 1, 1996, the first students arrived at the new Loring Job Corps Center in Limestone, ME. It is a pleasure to recognize this milestone 20th anniversary of this program, dedicated to helping disadvantaged young people develop the determination, abilities, and character to succeed.  In the two decades since its founding, the Loring Job Corps Center has graduated more than 10,500 students. Whether they go on to the workforce, higher education, or the military, these graduates take with them the skills, self-confidence, and resolve to overcome the setbacks, obstacles, and failures that are part of life. The focus on community service at Loring helps to create the engaged citizens that are so important to Maine's future.  In addition to providing training and education, Loring Job Corps has developed a nationally recognized premilitary program and is one of the highest military placement Job Corps centers in our Nation. This is a fitting tribute to the namesake of the former Air Force base on which the center is located: MAJ Charles Loring, a Maine native who was awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously for heroism in the Korean war. Two years ago, the Loring Job Corps Center reaffirmed its respect for those who serve our Nation by rededicating its dining center, Dahlgren Hall, in memory of LT Edward Dahlgren, a World War II Medal of Honor recipient from nearby Perham, ME.  Young people today face a great many challenges and threats to their well-being, and Job Corps students at Loring and throughout the Nation are no exception. It is essential that Congress continues to work with the Department of Labor to strengthen policies to better ensure the safety of the young men and women who enter the Job Corps to better their lives.  The national Job Corps program was founded more than a half-century ago on the noble idea that, if given the opportunity, the support, and the training, America's at-risk young people could overcome any obstacles and achieve. For 20 years, Loring Job Corps graduates have turned that idea into reality. I congratulate the faculty, staff, and students for this accomplishment and offer my best wishes for continued success.  