But he leaves the rest of us feeling bereft and sad and knowing that we will miss him as a friend and as an esteemed colleague.  As the 114th Congress draws to a close, many words of affection and gratitude will be offered in tribute to our friend and colleague Dan Coats as he leaves this Chamber. But there is no word that better defines this outstanding leader than the one word that has guided his entire life, and that word is ``service.''  As we have heard from his colleague from Indiana, the junior Senator, in 1966, at the height of the Vietnam war, Dan Coats enlisted in the U.S. Army, achieving the rank of staff sergeant. In 1980, he was elected to the U.S. Houseof Representatives from Indiana's Fourth Congressional District, and he joined the Senate 8 years later. He quickly became widely known and deeply respected as a strong voice for fiscal discipline and national security and as an expert in our intelligence agencies and foreign affairs.  Dan Coats left the Senate in 1999 and was named as U.S. Ambassador to Germany 2 years later. He arrived at his post in Berlin just 3 days before the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. I cannot help but think how fortunate our country was to have him in that key position at a time of such turmoil, anxiety, and fear for our country and all the world. He played a central role in strengthening the relationship between our Nation and Germany during that critical time.  After his tenure as Ambassador had ended, Senator Coats continued his service. He became the president of Big Brothers and Big Sisters of America and offered his talents to many other civic and volunteer organizations, including the Center for Jewish and Christian Values, which he chaired with another dear friend of mine, Senator Joe Lieberman. With his wife Marsha, he founded the Foundation for American Renewal to advance faith-based solutions and initiatives to help resolve our Nation's many social problems.  When Dan Coats returned to the Senate in 2012, he pledged to the people of Indiana and to our Nation that he would focus his tremendous energy and extraordinary intellect on cutting wasteful spending, reducing our national debt, promoting pro-growth, job-creating policies, and strengthening our national security in an era where we face numerous threats from every possible place. He has kept those promises. As a father and a grandfather--two roles that I know he cherishes--Senator Coats has taken to heart our obligation to ensure a sound economic future for the next generation.  It has been a particular honor to work side by side with Dan Coats on the Intelligence Committee. His public service through that committee will never be fully known to the public, but I can share with you that Senator Coats has almost an instinctual ability to get to the heart of an issue, no matter how complex or difficult the topic. That, of course, is also a tribute to the fact that he has thought so deeply about the issues that confront our country and the threats posed by rogue states and terrorist groups. He was one of the first Members of the Senate to recognize the crisis that would emerge due to this administration's failed policy and incoherent strategy toward Syria.  His strong and effective advocacy for improved cyber security, a passion that we share, is another example of his deep commitment to the safety and security of our Nation and its people. For years, Senator Coats has worked to protect our Nation's most critical infrastructure from devastating cyber attacks. Senator Coats has warned us that it is not a matter of if but of when such attacks occur right here in our country. He did so--he led the way--knowing of the political pressure that would be brought to bear to accept the status quo of cyber insecurity that exists within our country's most important infrastructure.  Senator Dan Coats is an inspiring role model to all of us who seek to serve. He epitomizes dedication, effective service, and an untiring commitment to making America--already the greatest country in the world--an even better place to live. Our Nation is truly grateful to this great man, and I am so grateful for his friendship.  I wish Senator Coats and his family all the best in the years to come.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  