President, I wish to recognize the contributions of the National Association of Superintendents of U.S. Naval Shore Establishments, NAS NSE, on the occasion of its 100th national convention. Since its founding near the time of World War I, NAS NSE has worked to promote the welfare of its members and increase the efficiency of work at Navy yards and naval stations.  The members of NAS NSE encompass diverse trades, including shop superintendents and senior managers from engineering, project management, financial, business office, facilities, base operations, and resource management. Despite their varied backgrounds, these professionals possess a common ability to lead, educate, and manage, as well as a true dedication to the protection of our country. In particular, the NAS NSE chapter at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard is committed to ensuring the Navy's submarines are maintained, repaired, and modernized to the highest degree in order to fulfill the Navy's mission of winning wars, deterring aggression, and maintaining freedom of the seas.  As threats facing our Nation increase and become more complex, the Navy's ability to project power and uniquely provide worldwide presence plays an increasingly critical role in protecting our national security. As such, it is critical that our naval fleet is properly maintained so it can be positioned around the world where and when we need it. NAS NSE members play a vital role in ensuring that our ships are ready to deploy on schedule and in good condition.  Over the past 100 conventions, NAS NSE has worked on many important issues, including many shipyard safety and leadership issues. This year, their efforts continue to focus on empowering shipyard workers to be leaders, helping new employees to efficiently achieve proficiency in necessary skills, and developing innovation in the shipyard. Through these and many other initiatives aimed at increasing the safety and abilities of its members, NAS NSE has improved both the lives of shipyard workers and the efficiency of our shipyards.  I commend the organization for its commitment to passing on a strong and healthy program of naval maintenance, so that future generations can benefit from a Navy ready to defend our freedoms. It is an honor for me to pay tribute to the National Association of Superintendents of U.S. Naval Shore Establishments as they celebrate 100 years of meeting to work on behalf of our shipyard workers and our naval shipyards.  