President, before I speak, I also extend my appreciation to the Senator from Delaware.  I rise today with my friend and colleague from Minnesota, Senator Klobuchar, to briefly talk about the bill that we have introduced, the Alzheimer's Caregiver Support Act, which would provide training and support services for the families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's and other dementias.  As many caregivers can attest, Alzheimer's is a devastating disease that exacts a tremendous personal and economic toll on individuals, families, and our health care system. For example, it is our Nation's most costly disease. It is one that affects more than 5.4 million Americans, including 37,000 Mainers living with Alzheimer's today. That number is soaring as our older population grows older and lives longer.  Last year and this year, we have done a good job in increasing the investmentin biomedical research that someday will lead to effective treatments, a means of prevention, or even a cure for Alzheimer's. But often forgotten when we discuss this disease are the caregivers. There are many families across this Nation who know all too well the compassion, commitment, and endurance it takes to be a caregiver of a loved one with Alzheimer's disease.  When I was in Maine recently, I saw an 89-year-old woman taking care of her 90-year-old husband with Alzheimer's. I met a woman in her fifties who, with her sisters, was juggling care of their mother along with demanding work schedules. I discussed with an elderly husband his own health problems as he tries to cope with taking care of his wife's dementia. Most important, these caregivers allow many with Alzheimer's to remain in the safety and the comfort of their own homes.  Last year, caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's shouldered $10.2 billion in health care costs related to the physical and emotional effects of caregiving. And that is why the bill Senator Klobuchar and I have introduced is so important. It would help us do more to care for our caregivers. It would award grants to public and nonprofit organizations like Area Agencies on Aging and senior centers to expand training and support services for caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's.  Mr. President, it has been estimated that nearly one out of two of the baby boomer generation--our generation--reaching 85 will develop Alzheimer's if we are not successful with biomedical research. As a result, chances are that members of our generation will either be spending their golden years with Alzheimer's or caring for someone who has it. It is therefore imperative that we give our family caregivers the support they need to provide high-quality care.  Our legislation has been endorsed by the Alzheimer's Association, the Alzheimer's Foundation of America, and UsAgainstAlzheimer's. I urge all our colleagues to support it.  Mr. President, to reiterate I rise today to speak in support of the Alzheimer's Caregiver Support Act that I have been pleased to join my friend and colleague from Minnesota, Senator Klobuchar, in introducing. Our bill would provide training and support services for the families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's disease or related dementias. As many caregivers can attest, Alzheimer's is a devastating disease that exacts a tremendous personal and economic toll on individuals, families, and our health care system.  It is our Nation's most costly disease. Approximately 5.4 million Americans are living with Alzheimer's disease today, including 37,000 in Maine, and that number is soaring as our overall population grows older and lives longer. If current trends continue, Alzheimer's disease could affect as many as 16 million Americans by 2050.  There are many families across our Nation who know all too well the compassion, commitment, and endurance that it takes to be a caregiver of a loved one with Alzheimer's disease. Our caregivers devote enormous time and attention, and they frequently must make many personal and financial sacrifices to ensure that their loved ones have the care they need day in and day out. When I was in Maine recently, I saw an 89-year old woman taking care of her 90-year old husband with Alzheimer's; a woman in her, fifties who with her sisters was juggling care of their mother with their work schedules; and an elderly husband trying to cope with his own health problems as well as his wife's dementia. Most important, however, these caregivers enable many with Alzheimer's to remain in the safety and comfort of their own homes.  According to the Alzheimer's Association, nearly 16 million unpaid caregivers provided 18 billion hours of care valued at more than $221 billion in 2015. These caregivers provide tremendous value, but they also face many challenges. Many are employed and struggle to balance their work and caregiving responsibilities. They may also be putting their own health at risk, since caregivers experience high levels of stress and have a greater incidence of chronic conditions like heart disease, cancer, and depression. Last year, caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's or related dementias shouldered $10.2 billion in health care costs related to the physical and emotional effects of caregiving.  The bipartisan legislation we introduced on the last day of June--which was Alzheimer's and Brain Awareness month--would help us do more to care for our caregivers. It would award grants to public and nonprofit organizations, like Area Agencies on Aging and senior centers, to expand training and support services for the families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer's disease.  The bill would require these organizations to provide public outreach on the services they offer, and ensure that services are provided in a culturally appropriate manner. It would also require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to coordinate with the Office of Women's Health and Office of Minority Health to ensure that women, minorities, and medically underserved communities benefit from the program.  It has been estimated that nearly one in two of the baby boomers reaching 85 will develop Alzheimer's. As a result, chances are that members of the baby boom generation will either be spending their golden years with Alzheimer's or caring for someone who has it. It is imperative that we give our family caregivers the support they need to provide high quality care to their loved ones. Our legislation has been endorsed by the Alzheimer's Association, Alzheimer's Foundation of America, and UsAgainstAlzheimer's, and I urge all of our colleagues to support it.  I thank the Chair.  