President. I rise to speak in support of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs division of the substitute before us. I commend Chairman Kirk and Ranking Member Tester for their leadership in crafting the fiscal year 2017 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs funding bill. As a member of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittee, I have appreciated their steady, strong advocacy for our Nation's veterans, servicemembers, and their families.  As the daughter of a World War II veteran, I know well the sacrifices of those who serve and have served on our behalf, as well as the sacrifices made by their families. The vital programs and benefits funded by this bill will help fulfill our obligations to them and honor their commitment to our Nation.  While we can never fully repay these debts, we must strive to provide each veteran with the quality health care that they deserve. One way this bill helps to meet this goal is through the extension it would provide of the highly successful Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program. This pilot program, which is scheduled to expire in August, serves rural veterans in northern Maine, Montana, Kansas, Virginia, and Arizona, providing them access to high quality care in their communities and near their families.  Many of my constituents tell me that this program has proven to be a lifeline for them and has saved them the arduous burden of traveling up to 600 miles round trip to receive care at the Togus VA Medical Center in Augusta, ME.  In Maine, the program not only reduces wait times for appointments and prevents veterans from going through a third-party administrator to receive care, but it is cost effective. According to the VA's own statistics, the average cost of ARCH per veteran in Maine is less than half the average cost for VHA direct care. More than 90 percent of ARCH veterans are overwhelmingly satisfied with their care, a testament to why ARCH should be a model for the Nation.  Ensuring that veterans continue to receive this seamless care is paramount, and I thank Chairman Kirk and Ranking Member Tester for including an extension of this vital program in the fiscal year 2017 funding legislation.  I am also pleased that this legislation would fund the President's fiscal year 2017 request for VA medical leases, including funding to lease a new Community Based Outpatient Clinic--CBOC--facility in Portland, ME. This project would allow VA to consolidate and colocate the Saco and Portland CBOCs with Maine Medical Center and its affiliate, the Tufts University School of Medicine. This collaboration will provide primary care, mental health, women's health, and specialty care medical services for veterans.  This legislation would also help to address the opioid epidemic by requiring the Department to improve appropriate pain care for veterans. It also includes programs to help end veteran homelessness, expand care services focused on our growing population of female veterans, and support caregivers, who shoulder the enormous responsibility of caring for veterans who are unable to care for themselves  Finally, I want to highlight the funding included in this legislation for our Nation's civilian and military members--and their families--who serve at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, ME. The legislation includes $74.9 million for housing, the replacement of the medical and dental clinic, and utility nuclear improvements. These projects will help provide the exceptional personnel at PNSY with the facilities they need and deserve to carry out the mission.  Again, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their excellent work in balancing the priorities within their bill, and I urge my colleagues to advance this important legislation.  