President, the amendment that Senator Jack Reed, Senator Thad Cochran, and I are offering would make very clear that none of the funds made available in this appropriations bill can be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to direct a recipient of Federal funds to undertake changes to their zoning laws. There has been concern that some have brought up that a new rule that was issued last year by the Department would somehow allow HUD to be the national zoning authority for every neighborhood in our country. While I do not believe that is a correct interpretation of the fair housing amendment or regulation that HUD has promulgated, the Collins-Reed-Cochran amendment ensures that HUD cannot do that. It eliminates that possibility and ensures that communities will continue to make their own decisions to address these Federal requirements.  By contrast, the proposal offered by my colleague from Utah, Senator Lee, would prohibit all funding for a rule that was issued by HUD based on a requirement that is included in the landmark civil rights era law known as the Fair Housing Act of 1968. It is important to know that this regulation was in direct response to a 2010 GAO report that criticized HUD's implementation of the requirement of the law that grantees, recipients of these funds, affirmatively enhance fair housing opportunities. It also was issued in response to requests from communities seeking guidance to ensure compliance because they don't want to be sued for inadvertently violating Fair Housing Act requirements. So communities asked HUD for more tools, better assessments, and more guidance to make sure that they were in compliance.  It is important to know that the Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination not only based on race, national origin, and religion but also against those with disabilities. Indeed, 56 percent of the complaints of housing discrimination have been initiated by individuals with disabilities. That is why Senator Lee's amendment is opposed by the Paralyzed Veterans of America and other disability groups, as well as the Urban League, the NAACP, and countless civil rights groups. On the first vote, we will be voting on the Collins-Reed-Cochran amendment.  