As the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress--30 years in this Chamber, in addition to 10 years in the House--she has earned the gratitude of the people of her beloved Maryland and of the entire Nation. That gratitude is based on much more than simple arithmetic, much more than just how many years she has served here, impressive though that is. In reflecting on her service, it is difficult to decide where to begin--her accomplishments, her vision, or her complete dedication to the people she serves, the dedication that began in that neighborhood in Baltimore that she describes so passionately today. No matter where we begin, we end up in the same place--it is all about her character.  Perhaps the best way to describe Senator Mikulski's character is by noting that she is not only officially the longest serving woman in the history of the Congress, but she is also unofficially the dean of the women in the Senate. That title perfectly demonstrates the trust and respect she has earned her from her colleagues. As a brandnew Senator in 1997, I was one of those tutored by this accomplished and experienced dean. At that time, Senator Mikulski had already been in the House and the Senate for a combined 20 years. She didn't know me from Adam--or perhaps I should say from Eve--yet, despite the difference in our seniority, our States, and our parties, she took me under her wing. She was one of the first people who called me after I was sworn in as a new Senator. I was so grateful for her kindness and her wisdom. She invited me to a power workshop in her office, along with Mary Landrieu, the other woman who was elected that year. She taught me the ropes of the appropriations process and instituted regular bipartisan dinners for the women of the Senate.  In the years since then, I have come to know her as a fighter, a trailblazer, and a person of such integrity.  Maybe it is all those years with the nuns that taught you that.  It has been a privilege to work with her on such vital issues as home health care, maritime issues, higher education, pay equality, and an issue near and dear to both of us, Alzheimer's research. Serving with her on the Appropriations Committee, I have witnessed firsthand what an extraordinary leader she is--fair, openminded, yet with firm expectations and a clear sense of direction.  Senator Mikulski is, above all, a hard worker. Growing up in East Baltimore, she learned the value of hard work in her family's grocery store, as we have heard today. Her commitment to making a difference in her neighborhood led her to become a social worker, helping at-risk children and our seniors. The statement she made sums up her approach to serving in Congress: ``I was a social worker for Baltimore families. Now I'm a social worker building opportunities for families throughout America.''  Two years ago, I was honored to stand alongside Senator Barb to accept Allegheny College Prize for Civility in Public Life. We were representing all of the women of the Senate for our leadership in bringing an end to the devastating government shutdown of 2013 and working together on so many other issues.  With our dean setting the example, we have always rejected the idea of a women's caucus because we, like the men in the Senate, span the ideological spectrum. Who would expect otherwise? We have worked together across party lines to serve all Americans. As Senator Mikulski puts it ``It's not about gender, it's about the agenda.'' In fact, all of us have our favorite sayings that the Senator from Maryland has taught us, and we will miss her way with words so much.  When Senator Mikulski reached her Senate longevity milestone 5 years ago, she surpassed my personal role model in public service, the legendary Senator from Maine, Margaret Chase Smith. Just as the great lady from Maine inspired me and countless other young women of my generation to serve, the great lady from Maryland inspires the young women of today, always encouraging them to go for it.  Throughout her life in public service, she has lived by one guiding principle: to help our people meet the needs of today as she helps our Nation prepare for the challenges of tomorrow.  What an honor it has been to serve alongside Senator Barbara Mikulski. I have learned so much from her. I will never forget the day she told me I had the soul of an appropriator, which I knew was the highest compliment she could give me. And she was right. We have worked on that committee to get so much done.  I wish her many more years of health, happiness, and, most of all, that most important ``ship,'' friendship.  