President, I wish to honor and congratulate the Vital Voices Global Partnership and the 2016 Vital Voices Award recipients.  Over the last 15 years, the Vital Voices Global Partnership has trained and mentored more than 14,000 women in 144 countries. Vital Voices equips these women leaders with the management, business development, marketing, and communication skills required to expand their enterprises, provide for their families, and create jobs in their communities. By helping to identify, invest in, and bring visibility to these extraordinary women around the world, Vital Voices is helping to unleash the enormous leadership potential of these women to transform lives and accelerate the pace of peace and prosperity.  This year's award recipients include: Hafsat Abiola of Nigeria, founder of the Kudirat Initiative for Democracy that campaigns to end violence against women--Hafsat trains young female leaders and works to increase civic participation; Khanim Latif of Iraq, the director of Asuda--Khanim places her life at risk to provide safe-haven to victims of sexual and gender-based violence, works to protect survivors of domestic violence, and fights threats of honor killings, female genital cutting, and sexual violence; Yoani Sanchez of Cuba, creator of Generacion Y--Yoani created this blog in April 2007 to capture daily life in Cuba in an effort to encourage political change and increase public awareness and engagement; and Akanksha Hazari of India--Akanksha fights to deliver basic necessities such as clean water and electricity to impoverished communities and to empower the underserved in India.  Such leaders, through their selfless efforts and advocacy, continue to advance social justice, support democracy, and work to increase stability across the globe.  I am pleased to have submitted this resolution, along with my friend and colleague Senator Feinstein, recognizing the 2016 Vital Voices Global Partnership Award recipients and commending them for their efforts to advance economic opportunity, increase political and public leadership, combat violence against women, and empower women to address global instability.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  