President, I certainly share the deep concern expressed by my colleague from Utah over the growing size of the Federal debt. It is a serious problem. I encourage him to look at the chart that Senator Alexander has produced, which shows where the problem is.  The problem is on the mandatory side of the budget, not the discretionary side of the budget, which, due to efforts we have made, has been held relatively flat for several years. But the mandatory spending side of the budget is soaring. There is no doubt about that. For example, many of us, when the administration presented its budget, rejected the gimmicks that were included, for example, in the transportation budget to shift some $7 billion from discretionary to mandatory spending. That was unwarranted. We did not do that.  But if ever there were an emergency, it is the threat posed to public health by the Zika virus. About 2 weeks ago, Senator Johnny Isakson and I went to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, GA, and heard briefings from the top experts in the world about the threat posed by the Zika virus.  The fact is that the news keeps getting worse and worse. Zika has now been linked for certain to a severe kind of birth defect, making pregnant women particularly at risk. It has also been linked to a disease known as Guillain-Barre syndrome, which can cause paralysis and even death.  Those of us who live in Northern States--this kind of mosquito, for example, is found only in the very southern tip of Maine--should take no comfort from that fact. The CDC has documented cases of the Zika virus in virtually every State in the Union, and that is because disease knows no boundaries in this world of international travel. In addition, the CDC has documented approximately 1,000 cases of Zika. It is an epidemic in Puerto Rico, where there are more than 475 documented cases--a true crisis for that U.S. territory.  From my perspective, we have to act. We have to act quickly. The Blunt-Murray compromise bill deserves the emergency designation which is attached to it.  Mr. President, pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of applicable budget regulations, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the Blunt-Murray amendment No. 3900, and I ask for the yeas and nays.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Rubio). Is there a sufficient second?  There appears to be a sufficient second.  The yeas and nays were ordered.  