President, this amendment is unusual when we are debating issues such as terrorist watch lists and the appropriate restrictions that are needed--desperately needed--to ensure that people who are suspected or known terrorists are not able to purchase firearms.  How is it unusual? It is bipartisan. Surely, on an issue of this importance,we should be able to come and work for commonsense solutions. This bipartisan amendment is cosponsored by Senators Heitkamp, Ayotte, Heinrich, Flake, Kaine, Graham, King, Kirk, Nelson, Manchin, and Baldwin.  I sincerely thank each of the cosponsors for their many contributions to our amendment and for their support in crafting what is a commonsense proposal.  Our amendment has three basic provisions. First, it would block the purchase of firearms by individuals who are on the no-fly list or on the selectee list. Essentially, the premise of our amendment is that if you have been designated as too dangerous to fly on an airplane or you have been designated as someone who needs extensive, secondary screening--extra screening before you are allowed to board a plane--you should not be able to buy a gun.  Second, our amendment would provide an immediate alert to the FBI and to local law enforcement if an individual who has been on the government's terrorist watch list at any time during the past 5 years purchases a firearm.  The Orlando shooting provides, perhaps, the clearest example of why this provision is so important. The gunman was on the selectee list for approximately 10 months, but then he was off the list when he purchased the two guns used to kill 50 people and injure scores more.  If our amendment were enacted, the FBI would have been notified immediately when he purchased the first firearm in the weeks leading up to the shooting. Then the FBI would have been notified a second time that the former terrorism suspect, who had watched videos of Anwar al-Awlaki, was seeking to purchase additional firearms in a short period of time. Surely that would have caused the FBI to reopen its investigation of Omar Mateen. Perhaps, if our proposal had been in effect, that massacre would have been prevented.  Third, our amendment provides robust, due process procedures to protect the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding Americans. Any American denied a purchase under this amendment would have the opportunity to have their case heard before a Federal district judge.  The government would have the burden of proof in order to deny the sale and would have to present its case within a short but reasonable period of time. If the government failed to make its case, if this turned out to be some terrible error, it would have to pay attorneys' fees for the person who had been denied the purchase and, of course, the purchase of the firearm could go forward.  Our amendment makes sure that the applicant can have cleared counsel present to make sure that the government cannot take away a fundamental right without a legal advocate to protect their due process rights.  Critics of our amendment have mistakenly claimed this will allow Americans to be denied the right to keep and bear arms based merely on suspicion or a hunch. That is simply not true. We are not using the terrorist screening database, which has 1.1 million people on it. That is not what we are using. We are using the carefully defined No Fly and selectee lists because those are the most carefully constructed subsets of all of the government's terrorist watch lists. These two lists include the names of individuals who pose the greatest threat of committing an act of terrorism against aviation, against the homeland, against U.S. interests overseas. And there are, in fact, only 109,000 individuals on this list, of which only 2,700 are Americans.  Mr. President----  