The Paralyzed Veterans of America organization was founded by a band of servicemembers who came home from World War II with spinal cord injuries. I think we should listen to their experience.  There are many other groups that have come out in opposition to Senator Lee's amendment. They include the Urban League. Those are big cities that receive a lot of Federal funds, but they are opposed to Senator Lee's amendment. The NAACP is opposed to the amendment. Disability groups have come out in opposition to the amendment.  There is another extremely important point that the Senator from Virginia made; that is, this rule, which has been criticized by some, is in directresponse to GAO criticizing HUD for not doing a good job in carrying out this part of the 1968 Fair Housing Act. That is so important.  How many of us in this Chamber have repeatedly looked to GAO for advice on how we can improve how Federal programs work? Look to GAO. Look to its 2010 report, which is very critical of HUD. Surely, it is significant that when HUD issued the new regulations last year, the GAO said ``Fine'' and closed out its recommendations as being completed. That is significant.  This wasn't some wild scheme that was dreamed up by bureaucrats at HUD, as some have claimed. This was in response to a report from the Government Accountability Office. We talk about how we want more efficiency, better accountability. That is why we have the GAO. This rule that was directly adopted in response to the GAO's report surely is significant.  I see the Senator from Texas has arrived and wants to speak. I will be speaking more on this issue later today. Let me make one final point.  There are those who have claimed that somehow HUD is going to get involved in dictating the zoning rules and ordinances of local communities. I don't believe that is the case, but we are going to offer an amendment and have filed an amendment to make sure that is not the case.  The amendment that Senator Reed, Senator Cochran, and I am offering specifically prohibits HUD from dictating in any way to any community what its zoning ordinances should be. If that is a possibility, we will foreclose it with our amendment.  I will be speaking further about this important issue later this afternoon, but I know there are many of my colleagues who are eager to speak, and I will yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Daines). The majority whip.  