Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution. I want to take the time to salute the many youth organizations and groups, and not just youth organizations and groups but adult organizations and groups; and salute all of the mentors, people who are making a difference in the lives of our children, our young people.  This is a time to salute groups such as the Boys & Girls Clubs, Big Brothers and Big Sisters and groups and organizations like the 100 Black Men of America for their commitment and dedication to mentoring by ensuring that all children and young people have valuable skills. This sense of caring, this sense of sharing, this sense of giving of ourselves to help others, sometimes as a mentor, as some have stated much earlier, you learn more and you probably receive more than you actually give. It is part of the American tradition that we participate in a sense of caring and sharing, for our young people, for our children to have a relationship with adults, to have safe places to go after school hours.  There are so many organizations and so many groups all across America that are doing tremendous, unbelievable things to help mold and shape our young people, which is so necessary during this time in our history.  Mentoring not only gives children a head start but also meets the serious public responsibility of protecting our young people, showing our young people a different way, a better way, a more excellent way. So many children and so many young people in so many troubled communities need someone to hold their hand, to show them the way, to show them the light. These mentoring relationships benefit American children, and in so many instances it improves the larger community and creates a greater sense of community, a greater sense of family, a greater sense of what I like to call one house, that we all are in the same house, that we all are in this thing together.  I think in a city like Atlanta, my city, and in other places where you have mentors working, it improves school attendance, academic achievement, encourages young people not just to watch television but to read a book, to go out and help someone, to provide some service.  I urge all of my colleagues to support this very important resolution. It means so much. It will send a strong message that will urge other Americans to give a little time, to share a little time, to give of yourself. That is what life is all about, helping others, especially those that have been sort of left out and do not have the benefits of maybe a wonderful, loving family, maybe do not have the benefit of a good head start. I think mentoring helps people to catch up, helps those that have been left out and left behind.  I urge my colleagues to support this very important resolution. I thank my friends on both sides of the aisle for bringing this resolution before us.  