Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our continued effort to reform welfare. Since 1996, more people across the country and in my state of Kentucky have become independent and free from their dependency on welfare. While in my district and through our work in the Ways and Means committee, I've heard their success stories and also learned that we can do more to build upon the 1996 reforms. That is exactly what we are doing today. Our bill focuses on work and education options, provides more flexibility for states and offers more assistance to strengthen families.  One of the things we do in this bill is allow participants in their state welfare programs to choose between job readiness activities and job search activities. They have flexibility to receive the services they need the most, whether that is job search help, basic education, training for a new skill to help them find a job or recovering from substance abuse. For up to five months, taking part in any of these services fulfills their work requirement. Beyond that time, welfare recipients still are able to receive a combination of education-focused and work-focused services so they can become employed and can be successful on their own. Requiring work helps welfare recipients achieve independence and gives them the ability to care for their families.  Last month I attended the graduation ceremony for the Reach Higher welfare to work program in Bowling Green, Kentucky. The state and local flexibility in the 1996 law allowed Reach Higher to develop services to meet community needs, and the program has turned people's lives around. Participants in Reach Higher must work 32 hours per week. They also spend one day each week in life-skills and job training. Reach Higher asks a lot of the participants, and they respond to the challenge because they want a better life and find out that they are able to succeed.  In 1998, a participant found herself trying to raise two small children in public housing with no money and no job. Then she was assigned to Reach Higher and completed the program. She now holds a full time job with the Bowling Green Housing Authority and was approved for a home loan this year. Here is what she had to say: ``I began to accomplish things that I thought I would never accomplish alone. I began to want more out of life for myself as well as my children. I worked hard and had additional training classes that I knew would further my skills.''  We have been on the right track with welfare. And this bill continues to build on that success. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for this legislation that gives more families who need help the chance to succeed.  