Madam Speaker, I yield myself 4\1/2\ minutes.  From the outset, Madam Speaker, I want to make it clear that this piece of legislation that we are considering tonight never was voted out of the subcommittee or the full committee of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House. There was only a hearing in the Subcommittee on Oversight.  Madam Speaker, the sponsor of this bill will have us believe that they are merely protecting free speech, but do not be fooled. This legislation has one purpose and one purpose only, to allow our houses of worship to become vehicles for partisan political activity.  As someone who stood alongside Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and the other great leaders of the civil rights movement of the 1960s, I can tell my colleagues that they would be dismayed by this legislation. During the civil rights movement, we fought to end legal segregation and break down barriers to political participation. The church was the heart and soul of our efforts because ministers had the moral authority and respect to stand against immoral and indefensible laws, bad laws, bad customs, bad tradition.  Ministers who led the civil rights movement did not select political candidates and operate our churches like political action committees. Although their churches and leaders faced violence and hatred for their efforts to protect human rights and human dignity, they were free and even protected by the Constitution to speak out on these issues. At no time did we envision or even contemplate the need for our houses of worship to become partisan pulpits.  Make no mistake, partisan politics has its place. President John F. Kennedy once said that both major parties today serve the national interest, but when party and officeholder differ as to how the national interest is to be served, we must place first the responsibility we owe not to our party or even to our constituents, but to our individual consciences.  Madam Speaker, in this matter we owe our allegiance to our individual consciences, and we owe it to those ministers and the other religious leaders and churches and institutions who speak out on the issues to protect them. Our religious organizations should continue to be places that ministers, priests and rabbis, and imams give moral and spiritual guidance. We should not allow them to be transformed into institutions that tell their members and their parishioners how to vote.  If this legislation is allowed to stand or pass, we can have a minister, a priest, a rabbi or a mosque coming in the pulpit saying vote against so and so, or God told me vote against so and so, taking up offerings in the church, in the synagogue, in the temple, in the mosque, tax-exempt organizations.  Finally, Madam Speaker, if my colleagues think that ministers and religious leaders are muzzled politically and are clamoring for this legislation, look at the list of more than 200 mainstream churches and religious organizations who are opposed to this bill: the African Methodist Episcopal Church, the American Baptist Church, the American Jewish Congress, the Islamic Supreme Council, Evangelical Lutherans, Presbyterians, Buddhists, Quakers, and the list goes on and on.  We cannot allow supporters of this measure, however well-intended they may be, to influence us to recklessly discard the time-tested system we now have in place or substitute it with a dangerous experiment in mixing religion with partisan politics.  This bill before us tonight, Madam Speaker, threatens not only our quest for meaningful campaign finance reform, but threatens the very integrity and independence of our churches and others houses of worship. Any time the wall of separation between church and State is breached, religious liberty is threatened. The wall between church and state must be solid. It has guided us for 220 years. It must not be breached for any reason. I urge my colleagues to protect our tradition of religious liberty and vote against this bill.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  