Chairman, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentleman for his comments.  Mr. Chairman, this is a good amendment. This is an amendment which sets the dollars at an appropriate level. There is an ad on TV that says the watch cost $150, the trip to Jamaica cost $1,500, the confidence of a child is priceless.  The confidence that a citizen has in its country is priceless; the confidence that a citizen has when they do the ultimate act of democracy, which is to participate as a Nation, as a people, as a society, in making decisions, in choosing leaders, in choosing options and priorities for their country.  The tragedy of the last election was that there are many Americans who know that they have the right to vote, but are not ensured that they will be able to vote, and, that if they do so, their vote will count. Part of that problem is a technological problem, and we need to solve it; and it will take money to solve that technological problem.  The other problem is for this great democracy to ensure that every citizen not only has the right, but is guaranteed by our society to have access to whatever their disability may be, whatever their status in life may be, access to the polling place and, yes, the ability to vote, whatever their disability may be, whatever their condition may be, and have the integrity of that vote being ensured and counted correctly.  I am thankful that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings) has offered this amendment. I am thankful for the leadership of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), who has introduced a bill; for the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), who has traveled throughout this country with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings) and myself and others; for all those, not just from Florida, because this is not a Florida problem. The gentleman from Florida made that point. He is absolutely correct. This is a national problem, a national challenge, to ensure that our elections are as good as the rest of the world thought they were, and their confidence in that was put at risk this last election.  We need to solve it; we will solve it. I thank the gentleman from Florida.  