Speaker, I am delighted to support this concurrent resolution, introduced by my distinguished friend from New York (Mr. Serrano).  During his more than 11 years in the House, the gentleman from New York has consistently led on issues of interest to Hispanic-Americans. I have admired his leadership and appreciated his counsel during the time we have served together.  It was through the work of the gentleman from New York and others that this handsome volume was orginially compiled. It was also my friend from New York who, as chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus during the 103rd Congress, introduced the resolution that provided for the book's publication.  My friend from New York recognized, as should we all, that Hispanics and Hispanic-Americans have played a fundamental role in the history of the United States. Hispanics have every reason to be proud of their role. Christopher Columbus may have been born an Italian, but he was in the service of the King and Queen of Spain when he discovered the New World.  A Spaniard led the first European exploration of lands now part of the continental United States, in what is now Florida. Other Spanish explorers pushed still further into American territory.  Indeed, as Americans fought for independence from Great Britain on the east coast of this continent, The Spanish were exploring and settling the west coast. Barely 2 months after the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, the Spanish founded a little settlement that we know today as San Francisco, CA.  Hispanics have also played a tremendous role in the history of this institution, And they continue to do so today.  Mr. Speaker, the first Hispanic-American to serve in Congress, Delegate Joseph Martin Hernandez, represented the newly acquired Florida territory in the House during the 17th Congress.  The first Hispanic-American Senator, Octaviano Larrazolo, represented New Mexico in the 70th Congress after a public career that included service as Governor of his State.  From 1822 to 1995, a total of 63 distinguished Hispanic-Americans served in the two Houses. Since then, 9 more distinguished Hispanic-Americans have served, all of whom continue serving today. Biographies of the newest Hispanic-American Members, and updated biographies of others, will be included in the new edition as appropriate.  Mr. Speaker, of the more than 11,600 individuals who have served in the two Houses since 1789, fewer than three-fifths of 1 percent have been Hispanic-Americans. In the Congresses of the 21st century and beyond, there is no doubt that many more Hispanic-Americans will have the honor of taking seats in the House and Senate.  There is every reason to be proud of the contributions of the Hispanic-Americans who have served to date, which is why it is so important to chronicle those contributions.  Mr. Speaker, as we enter the 21st century, we must continue to mark the service and record the substantial contributions that Hispanic-Americans are making to the deliberations of the most democratic legislative body on Earth.  A new edition of Hispanic-Americans in Congress will gather, in one updated volume, useful historical information for teachers, students, and others, describing the careers of the Hispanic-American men and women who have served in Congress.  I am certain the new volume, like the first edition, will quickly become a tremendous resource, inspiring young Hispanic-Americans, and indeed all young Americans, to pursue careers that could eventually bring them to Washington to represent their neighbors in Congress.  I urge the House to support the concurrent resolution. I thank the distinguished chairman for bringing it to the floor.  