Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of the Weldon amendment.  The Weldon amendment is carrying out what I think is a very worthwhile and important objective. It would increase the $100 million provided in the bill for the fire grant program by $50 million.  Before I speak on the substance, I want to thank the chairman and ranking members of the subcommittee, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan). As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government of the Committee on Appropriations, I understand the constraints they are under. I also understand their support of this program.  I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Andrews), the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Emerson), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Smith), as well as so many others who have been supportive, and I want to thank the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), for rising to speak on behalf of this amendment. All of them have been tireless in their support of this program.  The response, Mr. Chairman, from the fire services to the Fire Act, which authorized $300 million and to which we appropriated $100 million last year, has been nothing short of astonishing and has exceeded everyone's expectations. In this first year of the program, the U.S. fire administration received over 30,000 requests from local departments, totaling more than $3 billion.  To put this in perspective, there are 32,000 departments in this country. Our first responders respond to fire, flood, hurricane, and other crises. In the first year, the departments were limited to applying for only 6 of the authorized 14 categories. That gives us, I think, Mr. Chairman, a sense of the need that is out there that fire departments throughout this country have.  The $100 million in this bill is insufficient. The chairman and the ranking member know that. Hopefully, in conference, we will be able to get that figure up to the figure that the gentleman from Pennsylvania seeks and, indeed, if there are additional funds, they would be warranted as well.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  