Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Wisconsin, for yielding to me.  I salute the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), the chairman of our committee, and the gentleman from Illinois (Speaker Hastert), the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), Senate Majority Leader Daschle and Senate Republican Leader Lott, and my own ranking member, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey).  From the outside, democracies sometimes appear weak, to those who do not understand the strength of a free people in discourse and disagreement. Sometimes democracies appear unwilling to act decisively in response to a threat. But those who perceive weakness where there is incredible strength make an awful, terrible mistake.  Today, within literally hours of a disastrous act being perpetrated against the United States, its people, and indeed, the very concept of freedom and liberty here and around the world, see how quickly democracies will act.  We will pass this as a first step, as a first commitment to confront tyranny, terrorism, and despots.  Mr. Speaker, this emergency supplemental appropriations bill is a major step in the United States' initial response to the horrific terrorist attacks on Tuesday. I know that my colleagues will strongly support it.  Specifically, this bill is a rapid response to our Nation's urgent needs. It will make $40 billion available to Federal, State and local authorities to respond to these contemptible crimes.  It will allow us to increase transit security, repair public facilities and transit systems, fight international terrorism and strengthen our national security. And it will provide emergency relief to victims and their families.  However, make no mistake: This appropriations package is about more than money.  It is a clear demonstration of our Nation's resolve and unity in funding rescue operations and a military response to Tuesday's treacherous acts of war. Those acts will not go unanswered.  In the face of this challenge to our Nation and freedom-loving people throughout the world, the United States Congress speaks with one voice. Yes, we are Democrats and Republicans. But first we are Americans.  Congress has an important role to play, along with the President, in responding to this act of war.  For example, we have ensured that there will be approprirate oversight of the expenditure of these funds. As the elected representatives of the American people, we will work closely with the President on a daily basis in the coming weeks and months to ensure that the proper resources are provided and necessary actions taken.  Finally, let me say to my colleagues that I had the opportunity on Wednesday to tour the devastation at the Pentagon. Like all of us here, my prayers and heartfelt sympathies go out to all those who died or were injured in Tuesday's attacks, and their loved ones.  Many of my own constituents are among the victims at the Pentagon.  But even as I toured the carnage, I could not help but be buoyed by the courage and determination of the fire fighters and rescue workers and military personnel I met there.  Their spirit, and the spirit of democracy and freedom, can never be extinguished by the unmitigated evil that has been directed at innocent men, women, and children. Their spirit and their courage lights the way for us all, as we respond to these cowardly crimes.  I urge my colleagues to support this vitally important legislation.  