Speaker, I was elected to the House in 1981 in a special election. I came here in early June, so I had been here some 18 months before Norm Sisisky was sworn in in January of 1983 to the House of Representatives. But because Virginia and Maryland are members of the same organizational region for our caucus, and because Norm and I had a number of interests in common, we became very good friends. I am pleased, therefore, to rise on behalf of this legislation.  This legislation, of course, will pass unanimously, as it should. It is appropriate that the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Forbes) introduced this resolution to honor his predecessor. They come from different parties, but they come from the same State, the same region, and the same district, and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Forbes) knows full well of the affection and respect with which Mr. Sisisky was held in his district.  Norm Sisisky, some of my colleagues may not know, was born in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1927. His parents had come from Lithuania; emigrated to this country. When Norm was a very young boy, his family moved to Virginia. He grew up in Richmond and, after he graduated from high school, he enlisted in the Navy for the final years of World War II. He was very young. He enlisted at almost his first opportunity, as soon as he graduated from high school.  After completing his naval service, Norm graduated from Virginia Commonwealth University. History would prove that his service to the Navy in World War II did not end until his death, for the Navy had no better friend than Norm Sisisky. Indeed, the Armed Services of America, the defense of our Nation, the defense of freedom throughout this world had no better friend nor more tenacious supporter than Norm Sisisky.  When he graduated from college and completed his naval service, he entered into the soft drink bottling distribution business. He bought a small distribution plant that he then built into a giant distribution plant and was so respected by his colleagues that he became the President of the National Soft Drink Association.  Norm Sisisky was a man of faith, active in his synagogue and in many Jewish organizations. Indeed, he served as president of his congregation. Norm and his wife, the former Rhoda Brown, had four sons, Mark, Terry, Richard and Stuart, and seven grandchildren. Norm and Rhoda were and are extraordinarily proud of those four sons and those seven grandchildren, and I know they will be proud to point to this post office that will be named for Norm Sisisky.  By the way, let me, as an aside, make a suggestion. The first bill that I passed as a Member of this House was to name the District Heights Post Office for E. Michael Roll, who had been the mayor of the town in which I lived for over 20 years. And I can remember as a young kid, the town was small enough that the mayor would get on you if you were not riding your bike in the proper place or he saw you throw an ice cream wrapper on the street or something of that nature. Mr. Roll had recently died, and I was so pleased to introduce a bill to honor him by naming the post office after him.  When they went out to the District Heights Post Office, and this is what I want my Virginia friends to hear, they were going to take off the words ``United States Post Office.'' The post office had proposed putting E. Michael Roll's name in place of United States. I told them that E. Michael Roll would roll over in his grave if he knew his name was replacing the name of the country that he loved so deeply.  So I would suggest that perhaps rather than name this post office the Norm Sisisky Post Office Building, that we name it the Norm Sisisky United States Post Office as the official name of the place.  But to get back to Norm Sisisky, although we are talking about an appropriate act which need not be debated, we are talking about an individual whom this body is poorer for having lost. Born on June 9, 1927, he died on March 29 of this year. He died too soon. It could be said, of course, that perhaps all of us die too soon, but we particularly miss Norm Sisisky who was an expert on not only national defense but on national intelligence. He served on our Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.  He was a quiet man, not bombastic, not rhetorical, not subject to self-aggrandizement or self-promotion. He was a man of substance. He was a man of commitment. He was a man of great intellect. He was a man of great energy. And he worked extraordinarily hard to make sure that America was strong, that we tended to our military, and that we made sure our intelligence was the best that it could be. How deeply in this time of trouble that confronts America today do we miss Norm Sisisky.  I am proud to rise on behalf of this legislation because, as was quoted earlier in talking about Ben Franklin and quoting John Kennedy, a nation is known by the men and women that it honors. It is absolutely appropriate that we honor Norm Sisisky; that we lament his loss, but glory in the service that he gave to this institution and to this country that he loved.  I ask all of us, as we vote on this legislation later today, to remember that contribution and perhaps to once again send a note or make a call to Rhoda and tell her we share her loss, not as poignantly, not as personally, but as his colleagues we share her loss, the loss of her sons, the loss of the grandchildren, and the loss of the great Commonwealth of Virginia.  