Chairman, quickly, let me observe that the President and his faith-based organizations' proposal said that funds can be segregated. Yes, they may be fungible, but they can make a difference. That is what this issue is about.  Family planning programs supported by the United States save lives around the world. The World Health Organization estimates that close to 600,000 women die each year of pregnancy-related causes that are often preventable. Nearly one in four of these deaths could be prevented if high-quality family planning services were available.  Proponents of the global gag rule would lead us to believe that taxpayer dollars are being spent to actively promote or fund abortions. This is false and has been prohibited by United States law since 1973. Imposing restrictions on the freedom of speech of foreign NGOs not only undermines the key goal of our foreign policy, promoting democracy worldwide, but it would be unconstitutional in the United States.  I urge my colleagues to preserve the existing language in the bill and vote against the global gag rule.  Mr. Chairman, family planning programs supported by the United States save lives around the world.  The World Health Organization estimates that close to 600,000 women die each year of pregnancy-related causes that are often preventable--99 percent of which are women that live in developing countries.  Nearly one in four of these deaths could be prevented if high-quality family planning services were available.  Proponents of the global ``GAG'' rule would lead you to believe that taxpayer dollars are being spent to actively promote or fund abortions. This is false. The truth is that not one penny of U.S. assistance pays for abortion services. Federal law has explicitly prohibited funding for abortion services since 1973. Furthermore, the global ``GAG'' rule would be unconstitutional in the United States.  Impossing restrictions on the freedom of speech of foreign NGOs not only undermines the key goal of our foreign policy--promoting democracy worldwide--but it would be unconstitutional in the U.S.  I urge my colleagues to preserve the existing language in the bill and vote against the global ``GAG'' rule.  