Speaker, and I rise in support of the rule. I think the rule is a fair rule that gives opportunity to debate this bill and protects some of the more controversial items that are within the bill for full debate.  I also want to say that I agree with the member of the Committee on Rules, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings), who has observed that this is a good bill and deserves passage. He is correct on that. I will be speaking more to that in the course of general debate.  Mr. Speaker, I wanted to rise to comment on the amendment that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings) will offer at the time of the bill's consideration. He will offer an amendment that will provide $600 million, as I understand it, to the FEC, for the purposes of effecting reforms in our election process throughout the United States.  It is clear that we need to invest in democracy. We invest a lot of dollars in national defense. We invest a lot of dollars in health care, education, and domestic spending. We invest a lot of dollars in entitlement programs. All of those dollars, in my opinion, are well invested, for the most part. But the Federal Government, Mr. Speaker, has never invested dollars in Federal elections. Never.  We have always allowed that to be a burden that we place on the States and local subdivisions. We assumed, correctly in most instances, incorrectly in some, that those elections would be held in a manner that would serve our democracy well. But, Mr. Speaker, our democracy is not served well when some Americans go to the polls, having registered to vote, and show up at the polls and, in the first instance, may find that their name is not on the list and, therefore, they are not allowed to vote, but are told that someone will try to get on the telephone and see if it can be straightened out, but find that in this high-tech age in which we find ourselves happily that lo and behold they cannot get through to the central office and cannot find out whether that individual is able to vote.  Too many jurisdictions do not have the ability to provide a provisional ballot to say, here, go ahead and vote, and then when tomorrow comes we will have some time and we will check to see whether or not this individual is a valid voter; and if they are, because they are entitled to vote, they will also ensure that that person's vote is counted. Every American that goes to the poll assumes that they go to the poll for the purposes of expressing their opinion in this, the greatest democracy on the face of the earth. They expect to play a role in the decision-making process of their country. And if their vote is not counted, they are discriminated against, they are precluded from participating fully in our democracy.  Happily, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), the chairman of the Committee on House Administration, and myself and many others, including the ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), have sponsored legislation which will do what the gentleman from Florida seeks to do, and that is, A, provide resources; provide resources for technology that will ensure at least that technology does not undermine the voter's intent and constitutional right. In addition, it will say to States who take any Federal dollars that they need to comply with certain requirements; that they need to have a registration system that works; that they need not disqualify, they must not disqualify otherwise totally qualified Americans from voting by some inadvertent or mistaken or perhaps conscious effort to undermine the ability to vote of some Americans.  In addition, we are going to provide for provisional ballots, good registration, purging that is not unfair, and a system that has technology that works for every American. That is the minimal that we ought to do as a Nation.  We are proposing the investment this year, for which we are budgeting fiscal year 2002, of $550,000 million. That sounds like a lot of money. It is a lot of money. But spread across the 50 States, it is not. And I would hope that we will have full debate on the gentleman's amendment.  I am not sure what the disposition will be today, but in the final analysis we ought to adopt the gentleman's proposal. It is a proposal for democracy for our Nation's ideals and for our objectives.  