Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.  Graduates, I suppose is the appropriate term, of the class of 2001 Page School, congratulations. I am no longer on the Page Board, but I was pleased to hear the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee) and others say that this has been a model class. I served on the Page Board, and from time to time we had individuals who were perhaps models, but not the kinds of models we wanted, but they were very, very few.  I am always disappointed that we do not have the networks covering this ceremony, disappointed because the networks will cover tonight and almost every night young people who are not doing positive things, either for themselves, for others, or for their community. You, on the other hand, are doing very, very positive things.  I wish that ABC and NBC and CBS and CNN and all the national networks would cover each and every one of you by name and say, this is Clare and she has done a great job, and then mention each one of you by name.  I was President of the Maryland Senate back in the 1970s, before you were born. I have done so much before you were born that I feel old at these times. But as President of the Maryland Senate, with the Speaker of the Maryland House, we ran the page program.  The page program was not as extensive as this. It was not a year-long program. The Maryland General Assembly meets for 90 days a year. But some of the top students in Maryland from each of the counties were selected to serve 1 week early and 1 week late. It is a 10-week session, actually about a 14-week session, and you get to serve early, when it is not so busy, and you get to serve late, when it is very busy.  You have, of course, gotten the spectrum: a residential program, as was said; going to school a year; and serving on the floor with all of us. You are a critical part of the work process of the House of Representatives. We need you here to do some of the work that you do so that we can facilitate the legislative policymaking process of this House. But much more importantly, in my opinion, you have, as has already been referenced, been given an experience that is relatively unique, that an incredibly small percentage of your age group will ever get.  Our Framers created this House as the people's House, essentially as the bedrock of our democracy, elected every 2 years to be the direct voice of the people of the United States of America, correctly viewed around the world as the most vibrant, vital democracy in the world. What a privilege that is.  It has been said that of those to whom much is given, much is expected. What I try to say to the page classes is that you have been given an opportunity that few others have been given. You know and I know that your parents and friends and others sometimes are pretty negative on the House, the Senate, democracy, Washington, your State capital, your county seat. It is, as Mr. Shimkus said, the making of sausage, which is not always pretty.  Therefore, if you are really exposed to it and understand it a little better, and I think you have gotten this, I hope you have gotten it, the Pages that were in Annapolis, in Maryland, I think got it, you have a much more positive view of how conscientious the Members are who have been selected by their neighbors to come here and represent them, how seriously they take their responsibilities and duties.  Yes, they differ and they argue, and as a result, it can look very contentious, and in fact is, just as are some of the disagreements you have in the dorm or in the classroom or maybe even at home. Now, none of my children, of course, ever had any differences of opinion with me or their mom at home, but perhaps you do. Life tends to be contentious because we have different opinions.  But you have been given an opportunity to see democracy firsthand. I think you have, therefore, a particular responsibility to go home to your parents, to your friends in the community, to your classmates at school, to your classmates as you go on, to the people with whom you will work, to your community at large, and hopefully bring the message back that their democracy does in fact work and they can make a difference.  You have special knowledge. I hope you feel a responsibility to impart that knowledge, that observation, your opinions as to what this institution does and how best it reflects your communities, because that, in my opinion, is the real value of the page program. You are special assets to America with special knowledge, special insight. As some of us have tried to impart that to you, hopefully you in turn will impart it to others.  Congratulations for all you have done, and with high expectations for all that you are going to do, God speed. Thank you.  