Speaker, as all of us know, this House is now divided by its narrowest margin since the 83rd Congress when Republicans held 221 seats and Democrats 213. Today, our Republican friends hold a bare five-seat majority, 221 to 212. Thus, if we are to accomplish anything, bipartisanship, as President-elect Bush talked ad nauseam about in the campaign, is a sine qua non. It cannot be mere rhetorical window dressing.  Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, I regret to say the first day of the 107th Congress we have missed an opportunity to demonstrate our commitment to bipartisanship. Since the Republicans regained the majority in 1995, there has been a growing disparity between the minority's representation in this House and the committee slots available to its Members elected by the American public, Republicans and Democrats, to represent them. Simply put, there are not enough committee slots available to the minority party, which now controls 49 percent of this body. Nevertheless, the allocation of committee slots has remained unchanged, 55 percent for the majority, 45 percent for the minority.  Now let me call attention to this chart. It is probably a little difficult to understand, but what it tracks is minority representation, not majority; whether Democrats were in the majority or Republicans were in the majority. One will note, up to the 104th Congress, when Democrats were in control, the percentage of committee slots allocated and the percentages in the House tracked one another. One will note that when the minority got more slots in the House, they went up. When they got less, they went down.  The point is, it was fair. It was representative and it gave to minority members the opportunity to do what they said they wanted to do, represent Americans.  Now I would call the attention of my colleagues, and I would hope the former governor of Delaware, who is one of the fairest members in this House, would look at this stark contrast; and I would say here is the 104th Congress, the 105th, the 106th, the 107th. One will note that the minority line has been flat lined, notwithstanding the fact that we have picked up in each of the last four elections additional seats and made the difference between the majority and minority parties smaller; but the line has not changed.  The majority line has gone up in terms of their percentage, and the variance. That is not fair. It is also, I would say to the chairman of the Committee on Rules, the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), contrary to his representations when he was in the minority. In my calculations, we would need an additional 64 seats in order for us to be allocated the number of seats that we are entitled to as a result of our percentage in the minority.  What is being done is contrary to the rhetoric. It will not further bipartisanship, and I would ask that that be corrected as we move ahead in the next few days.  