Speaker, with my strong support the House recently approved resolutions expressing gratitude to the General Accounting Office for accommodating the House during the recent closure of the House office buildings, and honoring the Capitol Police for their commitment to security at the Capitol in the wake of the September 11 attacks. I wish to bring to the House's attention yet another legislative-branch agency that has gone the extra mile to support the Congress in this period of crisis: the Government Printing Office.  We would be remiss in overlooking the GPO's many contributions of the last three months. When the presence of anthrax necessitated the closure of House and Senate office buildings in October and November, GPO was ready to lend a hand. GPO provided conference room and office space for personnel from the Office of the Clerk of the House and the Senate's Office of Legislative Counsel to continue their important operations. For the Capitol Police, GPO made available the loading docks in its North Capitol Street warehouse for use in screening deliveries to Capitol Hill. Each day, up to 70 trucks destined for the Capitol complex pass through this operation, and it has been an enormous help to us.  GPO has provided other help since September 11. For example, when the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's regional office was destroyed in the collapse of the World Trade Center complex, GPO established a secure, password-protected area on their web site, so displaced EEOC employeescould log-on from home or other places and resume the Commission's work. Personnel from GPO's Inspector General office even helped with recovery efforts at the Pentagon and in New York.  While GPO has provided support in these extraordinary ways, it has also carried on its routine but essential work in printing and information dissemination under the leadership of Public Printer Michael F. DiMario. GPO's printing operation recently earned accolades as the ``Number One In-Plant in the Nation'' from In-Plant Graphics magazine, a printing-industry journal, for the fourth consecutive year.  Mr. Speaker, the past three months have been unlike any in recent memory. People are working hard the world over to see that such a period never recurs, and to rid the world of terrorism once and for all. We are reminded that at times we must meet extraordinary challenges in extraordinary ways in order to fulfill our responsibilities. As a citizen, and as a Representative in Congress, I find it tremendously gratifying to know that we have in the GPO the creativity, the capability, and the willingness to keep the wheels of our democracy turning on behalf of the American people. I thank the dedicated employees of the GPO for doing their part of a job well done.