Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding.  I did not rise to defend the Washington metropolitan area as a place to live, notwithstanding his observations. But I did rise to say thank you on behalf of all of us, not on a partisan sense, although I am on this side of the aisle, and there are others on the other side of the aisle, but to, again, remind ourselves how critically important to the operations of the people's House are those who never rise and speak. They also serve who stand and record, the poet might have said.  To Anne and Cindy and Vicky, we appreciate very much what you have done. You have at times been asked to spend long, long, long hours. You have fought fatigue; and I am sure, although you do not have to admit this, fought boredom as well in the operations that you have been responsible for.  You make it possible for the American public, even if they cannot see us on C-SPAN, even if they cannot be in the gallery, even if years later they are trying to find out what happened on the floor of the House, their House, doing their business, you make it possible for them to find out. You do so with incredible accuracy and efficiency. We thank you for that, and we acknowledge how critically important you are to the operations of this House.  I am not surprised that one of you is going into the private sector. Maybe both of you are going into the private sector, I am not sure, our two reporters, or Anne returning to North Carolina to be closer to her family, because there are, in my opinion, no more talented, no more highly motivated, no more productive people that could be hired by the private sector than those who work on this Hill and certainly, all those who work at the desk and who record our debates.  It is a hallmark of American democracy that we want to be open to the public. We want to have a historic and accurate record of proceedings. You have enabled us to continue to do that.  We thank you. We wish you Godspeed. We hope that you take with you very positive feelings about this House, that you know firsthand that, although there are fights and disagreements, and sometimes we are much smaller than we ought to be, that, at bottom, almost everybody, indeed everybody in this House, cares about their country and cares about their constituents. You have had the opportunity to see that firsthand. As I tell the pages, I hope you will tell that story wide and far.  We thank you, and we wish you the best of everything in the days ahead. Thank you for yielding.  