As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Treasury, Postal Service and General Government, I wanted to speak particularly about one item, and then mention three others quickly.  First, New York, Pennsylvania and the Pentagon, Virginia and the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, sustained a direct attack; but there is another institution in our country which has sustained a direct impact, and that is the Postal Service of our Nation. We have lost two postal workers to anthrax. They died as a result of anthrax inhalation. I attended a memorial service for those two gentlemen, Mr. Curseen and Mr. Morris, 2 days ago.  In the Obey amendment, there is an item of $500 million to allow the postal department to respond: one, to make sure that we do not lose any more lives of those who serve us in the postal department; and secondly, to make sure that we have the resources necessary to make sure that the mail that goes through the Postal Service, before it is delivered to individuals, is in fact free of biological or chemical agents which would cause them harm.  This is a critical component of the Obey amendment that, hopefully, will be made in order and we can offer. We cannot wait. From my standpoint, this is not enough money for the Postal Service. This is not, and I would stress, all of the money that they will need. The Postmaster General said they will need between $3 and $5 billion to respond to the events of September 11 and the anthrax scourge that has confronted the Postal Service and others. I would urge us to focus on this Postal Service money.  Quickly, I would remark on the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), who has been a leader on behalf of the fire service. The Obey amendment provides an additional $150 million for the firefighters and emergency response personnel.  The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell) mentioned the shortages around this country in the fire service in our major cities. I will tell my friends in this House, the fire service of the District of Columbia does not now have the capacity to respond to a major catastrophe in this city. We all hope and pray that does not occur, but we are not ready for it if it does.  Two other items in the Treasury-Postal bill, we know that the northern border has been a relatively porous border. Canada is no threat to us, but terrorists have utilized Canada as an entry point into the United States. The Customs Department has told us that they need substantial additional funds. Unfortunately, they were not included in the President's budget, as submitted to us.  The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) did in fact add some money, but not enough to accomplish the objective. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) adds to the sum that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) added, so we can accomplish a more secure northern border across which we know when the millennium occurred on January 1, 2000, shortly before that, one of the terrorists came across trying to cause an explosion to occur in the Los Angeles airport. Coming south, they were caught. That border is such that we were lucky; and we need to beef it up substantially, and the Obey amendment does that.  Lastly, we have talked about security at the Capitol. It is important and I support it. This is the center of democracy, but we need additional funds to secure our Federal facilities in which Federal workers labor daily on behalf of the American people. It is not that the terrorists seek to get to those individuals. They do not care who they are. What they want to get to is the Federal Government, and if we do not secure those buildings, we place our people at risk. The Obey amendment speaks to that objective, and I would hope that we can consider it as soon as possible.  Madam Speaker, again I thank the ranking member for his leadership, for his efforts on behalf of these objectives. I know the chairman of our committee supports these objectives. He articulated that yesterday. He is dealing with constraints, and we understand that.  