Chairman, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Spratt) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, a little less than a month ago, the House overwhelmingly passed a bankruptcy reform measure that while not perfect sent an unmistakable message to every household inAmerica: Do not spend money that you do not have because if you do you will be held responsible for your choices. We are not going to give you a pass on personal responsibility just because you could not say no to all the enticing credit card offers you received in the mail.  Thus, today, I have to stand here and shake my head in amazement. Here we are, scarcely a month later, debating a Republican budget resolution that is an abdication of fiscal responsibility. The tax cuts outlined in this GOP budget document would cost more than $2 trillion over the next decade; and as a result, they would squander projected surpluses. Note the emphasis on projected. They are not in hand. As a matter of fact, 70 percent of the American public showing their wisdom do not think they will ever be in hand.  Maybe our friends on the other side of the aisle, Mr. Chairman, ought to trust the common sense and intuition and wisdom of their constituents. Instead, they insist on pushing ahead with this budget blueprint for the fortunate few. The top 1 percent get 45 percent of this tax cut.  This bill, the Democratic bill, cuts three-quarters of a trillion dollars in taxes and the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Sununu) gets up and says we are against tax cuts. Baloney. What we are for is responsibly helping working Americans, but not adding, as we did in the 1980s under President Reagan and a Republican Senate, $4 trillion to the debt of whom? Of the American public. That is whose debt we added to. It is their money that is being put at risk. But at what cost?  Their plan would do nothing to stimulate our economy now. It threatens to invade the Social Security and Medicare trust funds and it would cut vital services, such as after-school lunch programs that improve learning and help make schools safer.  The diversified Democratic plan, on the other hand, would provide a responsible tax cut for all Americans. It would extend the solvency of Social Security and Medicare. It will allow us to invest in crucial national priorities. I am for investing in our defense and have supported every defense bill that has been signed by the Presidents, Republican and Democratic.  I urge my colleagues to do the right thing today. Vote for fiscal responsibility. Vote for a diversified budget plan that meets our Nation's needs. Vote for this Democratic alternative.  I was here in 1981 when we passed Gramm-Latta I and Gramm-Latta II. I voted against them. I was here when we passed Conable-Hance, the tax cut bill. And I was here when bright young people like the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Sununu) got up here with their charts and said it will all work.  I was here when that bill was sent from this House, from this Senate, to the White House. And I was here in August of 1981 when President Reagan signed the bill and, like the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Sununu) said, guess what, we are going to balance the budget by October 1, 1983.  In that time frame, we added almost a billion extra dollars to America's debt; $3 trillion was yet to come of additional debt that we added on the heads of Americans.  Let us be responsible. Vote for the Democratic alternative. It is good for America. It is good for our country and it is good policy.  