Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, I want to rise initially, as I said in full committee, I have had the opportunity to serve on this subcommittee now for 18 years. It has been led by some extraordinary Americans on both sides of the aisle. I started my service under Mr. Natcher. Bill Natcher of Kentucky was a legend in this institution. During the course of his service, he cast more consecutive votes than any person in history, a compliment to his sense of responsibility and his extraordinary self discipline. Succeeding him was Mr. Smith, and then the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), and then Mr. Porter. When the Republicans took control in 1995, John Porter succeeded to the chairmanship, and he did an extraordinary job in a bipartisan fashion.  This bill, however, was not always treated in a bipartisan fashion, as we know, not, frankly, because of the appropriators or the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, but because of the extrinsic forces that came on to the committee with reference to caps on spending that were totally unrealistic and therefore led to either the bill being considered in a partisan fashion or, in fact, 1 year not being considered at all on the floor of the House and ultimately being considered in an omnibus appropriations bill.  But this year, this is a real bill; and it is a good bill. It is not a perfect bill. In fact, of course, we never pass perfect bills. But this bill is unique. It is in so many ways the people's bill, because it affects literally millions and millions, not only of Americans, but people around the world, who benefit from the research at NIH and who benefit from other facets of this legislation. But clearly the American people are advantaged by this bill.  The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) is absolutely correct when he says there are insufficient resources in this bill. When you sit in markup on both sides of the aisle, liberals, conservatives, East, West, North and South, Members say there needs to be more in this program or that program. I am going to speak about a couple of them briefly.  But this basically is a good bill; and I will support it, as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) is going to support it.  I want to again say, as I do almost every time I stand, because I think it is important for the American public to know the kind of leadership we have on critically important committees, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) is the epitome of fairness, integrity and bipartisanship. His view is on America's well-being, not on partisan gain. Those of us who serve with him are advantaged by doing so. I thank him for his leadership.  The good news for our subcommittee is that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) falls into the same category of a person focused on America, on Americans, and the country's interests, not on partisan interests. Therefore, this advantages this bill and our country.  Now, Mr. Chairman, let me mention a couple of issues, if I might, that I am very concerned about. The National Immunization Program at CDC receives a significant increase in this bill; and I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for that, an increase of $47.5 million over fiscal year 2001. But that is still only half the level that the Institute of Medicine recommended in its report last year for State operations and infrastructure and vaccine purchase.  As the recent report on anthrax in Florida has proven to us, the threat of a biological attack on this Nation is a very real one. I just got off the phone doing a tape for radio with reference to yesterday's incident on a Metro train. As a result, we need to do all we can to ensure that our public health system is able to respond in the event of attack.  I will say more about this when we mark up in conference. I know that there will be some emergency monies available for this objective as well at CDC.  My understanding is the Senator from Georgia, Mr. Cleland, has suggested as much as a half a billion dollars increase in CDC to anticipate and deal with appropriate response in the event of a biological or chemical threat to the health of a city, a region, or our country.  Let me discuss one additional issue, Mr. Chairman, briefly; and that is the Assistive Technology Act of 1989. I bring that up not because we will add more money to this bill for that objective, but because I am hoping in conference we can add some authorizing legislation. Obviously it must be done with agreement of the authorizers, both in the House and Senate. I understand that, and we are working with them.  But if we fail to do so, nine States are going to lose assistance to make assistive technology available to those with disabilities so that they can be more able to participate fully in our society, whether it is jobs or in their home. I appreciate the chairman's concern about this and that he is working with us; and I appreciate the assistance of the ranking member, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), with this effort as well.  If we do not do something next year, nine States in 2002 will lose dollars; and 14 States will lose dollars in 2003 if we do not take action. I am hopeful we will do so, because this assistive technology is extraordinarily important to those challenged with disabilities to be fully incorporated into our society. That was the promise of the Americans with Disabilities Act which President Bush signed on July 26, 1990; and it is an effort that we ought to make to ensure that that promise is fully met.  Again, I thank the chairman of the full committee; and I thank the chairman of the subcommittee and our ranking member for working so diligently to make this bill within the resources available to us the best it could possibly be.  