Jackson-Lee) for her leadership on this committee. I thank the chairman of the committee, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), for bringing this legislation to the floor, and I want to congratulate my good friend, former governor of Delaware, the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. Castle), for authoring this legislation.  I might say that the gentleman from Delaware has the honor of representing probably one of the very best fire departments in America and, indeed, the world. A service that is, I think, without denigrating my Maryland firefighters in any way, without anybody surpassing them in their role they play, not only in their community but in this country.  Madam Speaker, I have the honor of co-chairing the Fire Service Caucus with my good friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Fire Chief Weldon, who temporarily is a Member of Congress for many years, but he was a fire chief. He knows firsthand the dangers that exist. I have the honor of being the honorary chief at Company 26 in Prince George's County, Maryland.  I rise today in support of the gentleman from Delaware's resolution to require the flying of the American flag at half staff to honor not only all fallen firefighters but as well emergency medical response teams who are in lock step with the fire fighters in responding to crises.  The tragic events of the last month have, of course, reminded all of us of the valor and sacrifice of our Nation's first responders. The enormous loss of life would have been much higher if it were not for their bravery, displayed on television just a few days ago.  In New York, as frightened citizens raced down the staircase of the World Trade Center, firefighters raced up the staircases to fight the 2,000 degree fire; going at the fire, not from it. That fire was engulfing the building. Their task was to evacuate the wounded. Sadly, as we know, over 300, 343, as has been mentioned, lost their lives in that fire and in the buildings' collapse.  They are mourned today, along with their colleagues, who died at other fires and other emergencies. This weekend, I and many of my colleagues will go to Emmitsburg, Maryland, to attend the National Fallen Firefighters Memorial annual observance. There we will add the names of 101 firefighters from 38 States who were killed in the line of duty in the year 2000. In one 120-minute period, we lost three and a half times as many firefighters and emergency response personnel and police as we lost in all of 2000. That is the magnitude of what happened on September 11.  Madam Speaker, there was a newspaper ad in today's paper, and it said, ``The True Badges of Courage.'' We have all heard about the Red Badge of Courage. We have all heard it said, ``that is a badge of courage.'' The true badges of courage are those worn by our police personnel, those worn by our fire personnel, and those worn by our emergency medical response teams. These men and women who died last year may not have died in a terrorist incident, but their sacrifice is equally great and equally tragic. This resolution honors them and those that will follow, and I urge all of my colleagues to support the measure.  Now, Madam Speaker, let me add this. The gentleman from New Jersey(Mr. Pascrell), the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon), the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Andrews), the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. Castle), myself, and many others, as well as all of the people on the floor here supported the Fire Act, which we passed as a part of the defense authorization bill last year. And in that context, we appropriated $100 million, $100 million for over 32,000 fire companies in America. There have been, I think I am correct, $3.5 billion worth of requests for training, for equipment, and for HAZMAT training, equipment to deal with hazardous materials.  Flying the flag at half-staff is an appropriate thing for us to do; but, my colleagues, as we vote on this resolution, I trust that we will also commit ourselves to, at a minimum, adding $50 million as we consider the VA-HUD appropriations bill. We need not only to add the 50 million additional dollars that were put in the Senate bill to get that fund to $150 million, but we are authorized at $300 million.  The firefighters and emergency responders of America need better training and better equipment. We give billions of dollars to law enforcement throughout this country. It is right and proper that we do so. But we have seen a dramatic example of how critical the fire service and emergency medical response teams are in league with our law enforcement officials. My hope is that as we appropriate funds to ensure that America can respond to terrorism or to other calamities, that we will empower our firefighting personnel and emergency response teams to do so with as much safety to themselves and much effectiveness on behalf of the safety of others as we can possibly do.  And so I rise in strong support of this resolution. And we ought to salute that flag when we see it at half-staff and remember those who have fallen as they responded to the call to save lives, protect property, and make America a safer place. But let us also remember that we need to invest more of our treasure in protecting our firefighters and emergency response teams and giving them better equipment and better training to do their jobs better so that America, our communities, our schools, and our homes will be safer places.  Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson-Lee) for her leadership, as well as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner); and, clearly, I thank the gentleman from Delaware (Mr. Castle) for honoring the Emmitsburg event, but we need to honor Emmitsburg's 1-day event for the other 364 days of the year as well.  