Obey), my ranking member, for yielding and rise, obviously, in support of this continuing resolution.  This needs to be passed, but the issues that are being raised by Mr. Obey and others who have spoken with reference to what we need to do in the short term, what we need to do before we leave and go home after the first session of the 107th Congress, I know the Coast Guard was just discussed, great concerns.  I represent obviously the State of Maryland. The State of Maryland is a coastal State, clearly concerns are raised. We have tankers going in and out. We do not know who gets off those tankers, gets in little rubber boats, brings items to this coast and to Maryland, to Delaware, in the Chesapeake Bay which may obviously pose dangers to many of the Federal facilities that are located therein.  We cannot wait. The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) made that point yesterday very eloquently. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) is in a difficult position, the chairman of our committee.  We had three amendments in committee yesterday. The chairman of our committee wanted to back all three of the amendments and said so, that he was inclined to vote for the Obey amendment, inclined to vote for the Walsh amendment and inclined to vote for the Murtha amendment, but he did not because there is a constraint being imposed.  Very frankly, that constraint will perhaps lead us to additional continuing resolutions because we may not finish our business in a timely fashion if we continue to delay that which I think we know we need to do. The issues raised by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), Coast Guard being but one, the homeland security issues, that is critical, need to be addressed and they need to be addressed in the short term.  I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) for his leadership on these issues. I thank him for raising these issues on an item that is not controversial, but gives us an opportunity to say that we need to move on these and we need to move in the short term on these, and I am certainly hopeful, and I say to my chairman for whom I have, as he knows, unreserved respect and great, great affection.  I think he is one of the finest Members of this body, and I would urge him to prevail upon those who will be making decisions to allow these amendments to be considered on the floor when we consider the Defense bill and its supplemental title, because I believe that considering these now is in the best interest of our country, the best interest of our security, the best interest of the safety of our people, the best interest of our confronting those who would terrorize this land and people around the world.  I, therefore, believe that as we did in responding immediately to the Terrorist Act, we need to respond with as much efficiency and speed as we possibly can to these identified.  I know the chairman and the ranking member agree on the objectives. That is the irony. It is not that we disagree with the objectives. We are just disagreeing on timing, and now is better than later. It is safer, more appropriate policy, and I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) for his leadership.  