Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, in closing, I will make the representation, as I said before, that all 19 ranking members are going to support this resolution. They will do so because we have come together, sat down at the table, reasoned together and come up with what we believe to be a fair resolution.  Like the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Oxley) said, it is not perfect from anybody's standpoint, but perfect was not possible. But fair was possible, and it was achieved. It was achieved because I think the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert), Speaker of the House of Representatives, believed it appropriate; the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), our chairman, fought hard to achieve that result.  It was not always easy. There were obviously some who felt that they did not like the shift that was being made, but because of the commitment to fairness of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), fairness was achieved. I appreciate that.  There have been times, obviously, when on our side of the aisle, some thought that fairness was not achieved. We still are concerned about the ratios on committees. We are concerned from time to time with the processes that the Committee on Rules adopts, which precludes us from, we think, putting forward our propositions in a fair way.  It is good for the public to know, Mr. Speaker, that there are more times than not when we can sit down and come to agreement, knowing full well that all of us serve the American people, and they expect us to work together in as positive and productive a fashion as we can.  The leadership of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and the leadership of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert) have provided the opportunity for that to occur, and our ranking members have worked hard with their chairmen to accomplish that objective.  Mr. Speaker, I think we have done it, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  