Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is going to take a short time, and this amendment is going to be I think withdrawn. It is going to be withdrawn because we understand that we ought not to take $50 million out of the salary and expense money of HUD. HUD needs that money.  Mr. Chairman, I rise really to say that this committee's 302(b) allocation is insufficient to meet the unbelievable demands that it confronts. I think the chairman and ranking member are going to say that in just a minute. But I empathize with that because this is a critical need. We have talked about the need being manifested in the grant applications that have been submitted: Over $3 billion with $100 million available. Those grant applications are not for some objective which somebody would make fun of.  We talk about fires, and that is what we think about our fire service and emergency response teams as doing; but we have also talked about natural disasters. There are also unnatural disasters; for instance, automobile accidents. The first people usually on the scene are the fire service and/or the EMS, emergency medical service. They are there. They need equipment and training. That means more lives saved.  Just as it has been said that we spend a lot of money on people that we send overseas to defend our security, that is why the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) and I and others on this floor refer to our fire service and EMS personnel as our domestic defenders; because, indeed, they are the persons, along with our police department, that we ask to defend us here at home to make sure that we not only have law and order, but that we have security at time of crisis, whether it is natural disaster or fire or accident or some other calamity.  Mr. Chairman, the fire service was one of the first on the scene when Timothy McVeigh set that awful explosion that killed 168 people. They were there in that building climbing those stairs bringing children out, bringing women and visitors from that building.  They take risks every day, and we lose on an average one every 3 days in America. It is important, and I think America believes it to be a priority, that we give to them the training, the equipment, so that they cannot only respond effectively to save our lives, but they can do so in the safest possible manner that we can give to them.  In conclusion, let me thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan). I know that they care deeply about this program and I know the constraints on them. The good news is when we go to conference I hope we can get to this number.  