Chairman, I thank my silent ranking member, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), for yielding those quiet 4 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, I will not be quite as quiet. First of all, it is interesting that this administration that wants to send out this check did not ask for this money to be sent to the taxpayer this year. This essentially was an initiative on this side of the aisle to make an immediate payment, number one. Of course, the letter does not go into that slight detail. It would be inconvenient to do so, I understand.  Secondly, it is their money. It is their money, and we ought to spend it carefully. So we are sending a letter telling them they are going to get a check. It is not taxable; and by the way, they do not have to do anything. The taxpayer will be overwhelmed with that information, without which think how at sea they would be.  They do not have to do anything. There is no answer, and the gentleman who is extraordinarily bright and able, struggled for an answer to the question of the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Frank). Why is the check and the information not sent in one envelope and save $30 million of their money?  Now, $30 million is a lot of their money. This amendment is opposed by the NTEU, the National Treasury Employees Union. Do we know why? Because they are fearful that the administration's desire to send out this money, and by the way the conference that included no Democrats, this is not in the statute, they do not have to do this statutorily. They have to do it in the conference report. I guarantee, maybe two people on the House floor knew that was the case when they voted for this bill. Maybe. I do not want to ask the chairman whether he knew or the ranking member whether he knew. I did not know, I will say, and I am the ranking member of the subcommittee.  Nobody knew this. It is in conference report language; and by the way, the conference report does not even direct that it be done. It says, we expect that it will be done.  What the Treasury employees are worried about is, if this money is taken out, the letter will be sent anyway and make the Treasury employees eat it. Cut the costs of the IRS because you want to impose this Dear Taxpayer, George Bush is giving you some money back. In another context, this might be called $30 million of public financing of campaigns which, of course, President Bush and the minority side are very much against; and in my opinion probably most taxpayers are against that as well, but that is what is happening. We are spending $30 million as a campaign letter.  Now, the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Sununu) fully knows that 1-800 number could be included in the mailing of the check. Let me say, when they get the check is when it is going to motivate them to call. So if we think we are saving money on calls, we are going to have to look at that when the committee marks up this bill later on, because I guarantee it will not. Why? Because there will be certain people who will look at this letter and say, oh, that is nice; not do anything, not take any action, not really have any knowledge. But when they get the check, that is the operative time that the taxpayer will get interested. If he does not get the $300 or they do not get the $600, they will pick up the phone and say, why not? Hopefully we will answer them.  If they do not and they call and we use this $30 million to mail them this what we believe to be a political notice, if they do that then we are going to have 30 million less dollars that they could use for taxpayer service.  We passed the reform bill, said we wanted to be taxpayer friendly, which meant the ability to answer phones. Sending this money off this way will undermine our ability to serve our taxpayers well. I urge a vote for this amendment.  