Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) knows, it was our position on this side that every rankingmember of the 19 committees had to be in a position of being treated fairly for us to support the resolution. Again, through the work of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) and the work of the ranking members and the chairmen, we have accomplished that objective.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce), the ranking member of the Committee on Financial Institutions, who worked very closely with the new chairman, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Oxley), to reach agreement.  (Mr. LaFALCE asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. LaFALCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 84, the Omnibus Committee Funding Resolution. I particularly want to offer my support for the recommended funding for the Committee on Financial Services. This committee is now the second largest committee of the Congress. It cannot afford to ignore or inadequately address any of its areas of responsibilities in an increasingly integrated financial services market. The increase in funding will help the committee to fulfill its responsibilities.  I appreciate that the members of the Committee on House Administration have to struggle with some difficult choices between competing demands to trying to allocate the resources necessary so all committees can do their jobs. I want to thank them for the effort they made on behalf of the Committee on Financial Services.  I want to especially thank and commend the Democratic leadership for its strong advocacy of and commitment to the equitable allocation of resources to our minority. Thanks to their persistence, most ranking members will enjoy one-third control over staff slots and funds, with real discretion over these two areas once the resolution is adopted.  This one-third/two-thirds ratio for all committee resources is a minimal and absolutely essential component of an equitable distribution of dollars and staffing. I am pleased that most committees will finally have that authority.  The full Committee on House Administration, members of both parties, including especially the gentleman from Ohio (Chairman Ney) and the ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), are to be commended for crafting such a well-balanced budget package.  I would urge all my colleagues, particularly those on my side of the aisle, to support this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I also urge the committee to do something else. I urge the committee to exercise the authority it has to ensure that treatment of expenses for representational duties in the District of Columbia is no better but no worse than the treatment given to State legislators in almost each and every State, and most especially in States such as California and New York.  