Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, we have had some discussion about demeaning the House. The lack of intellectual integrity demeans the House. The bipartisan treatment of what the gentleman from Massachusetts refers to very clearly as institutional matters in a partisan way demeans the House.  Mr. Chairman, this is a constitutional issue not just for the United States Senate but for the Congress of the United States and for the House of Representatives, which, under the Constitution of the United States, has primary responsibility for appropriating dollars. It is not the Senate. The Senate cannot initiate appropriation bills or tax bills, as the chairman-to-be of the Committee on Ways and Means knows.  Mr. Chairman, the fact of the matter is, and I would hope that all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would take note of this debate, this provision has been in this bill for half a century. When I was chairman of the Committee, the Clinton administration sought to delete this language in 1993 and 1994.  I rejected that request and carried it in this bill. Why? Because what this amendment says is that an administration cannot appoint somebody who has already been rejected under the Constitution of the United States, which, yes, gives to the Senate the power to advise and consent, and if they have failed to consent to an appointment, the Congress of the United States has consistently held that we can then, whatever administration we are, Democrat or Republican, turn around and in effect thumb our nose at not just the Senate but at the Congress, and spend money that we have appropriated on an appointment that has been rejected by one arm of the Congress. For 50 years the Congress, both sides of the aisle, both houses, have stood for that.  Now, I said intellectual integrity, which I think also implies consistency. We demean the House when we, from an institutional standpoint, treat an administration differently because they are of the other party. I told the Members how I treated the Clinton administration on this very issue, which I thought was not a partisan issue between the Clinton administration and the Republicans in this House that we Democrats had to protect, but was an institutional issue, where we had to protect the jurisdiction and integrity and equal stature of the Congress of the United States.  I would hope my Republican colleagues would sustain this amendment and would continue in place language which says that money that we have appropriated cannot be spent on an appointee that has been rejected by the Senate. That is of interest to us both.  Why? Because it is of interest that a co-equal branch of government remains co-equal, and that no administration, once the process has been pursued of presenting a nominee, having hearings on that nominee, having votes in committee and on the floor, and it is the judgment under the Constitution that that nominee should not take office, that any administration could not then turn around in an interim, after the Congress has gone home, and say, ``I do not care what you said. I am putting this person in this position and we are going to pay him.''  If there were not a 50-year practice, one could possibly say, oh, well, they are just going after the Bush administration.  Lastly, let me say this. Is there any doubt by anybody on the Republican side of the aisle, any doubt, that they would have rejected this proposal out of hand if it had been made by the Clinton administration? They would not have given it 5 seconds worth of thought, and they would have stood on this floor and railed against the arrogance of the administration to think that they could place in office somebody rejected under the Constitution pursuant to law for the position that they sought and were then placed in, notwithstanding the actions of the United States Senate.  I would hope on this issue that we would come together from an institutional equal-branch perspective and accept this amendment, and reinstate this language that we have carried for 50 years.  