Speaker, the operative clause of this resolution says simply that ``the House of Representatives honors and thanks the United States Capitol Police for their outstanding work and dedication during a period of heightened security that began on September 11, 2001.'' I trust that all members will support this honor for the men and women of the U.S. Capitol Police. They have certainly earned it. They continue to earn it at this hour, mere steps from this spot and all around Capitol Hill.  Congress established the Capitol Police during the administration of John Quincy Adams. Ponder how different the world was then, and how different the job of providing security for the Capitol would have been then.  In the last 173 years, the world has changed immeasurably, and so has the work of the Capitol Police.  In modern times, the police have had to cope with emergencies, bombings and shootings, including the tragic 1998 murders of officer J.J. Chestnut and Detective John Gibson, that remain so painfully fresh in our memories.  After that tragic event, Congress properly heightened Capitol security, adopting a posture that requires considerable additional manpower. Recent events have obviously underscored the need for more officers and greater security. Fortunately, additional resources are in the pipeline.  Congress has appropriated money to fund all the additional officers the Capitol police can hire and train during 2002, and supplemental funds have been provided to address needs identified since September 11.  Today, the Capitol police face evolving threats from those who, for whatever reason, wish our country harm.  What was unthinkable only a few weeks ago, has been done. We must remain vigilant and prepared as we work to rid the world of the scourge of terrorism.  We will continue to rely on the Capitol police as the first line of defense for the people's house and all who work and visit here.  The men and women of the Capitol police meet their challenges with courage and a level of professionalism not exceeded anywhere.  Since the dastardly attacks of September 11, Capitol police officers have worked long hours under adverse conditions. These men and women clearly represent the best that America has to offer.  I want to express my personal thanks for a job well done.  Men and women of the District of Columbia National Guard now ably assist our Capitol police. Congress likewise owes the guardsmen and women thanks for their assistance, and for giving our police much-needed relief.  Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the resolution. The police clearly deserve the honor. I applaud the gentlewoman from California [Ms. Lee] for introducing it, the chairman [Mr. Ney], the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ehlers], and of course my friend from Florida [Mr. Davis] for bringing it to the floor today.  