I know the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Hoeffel) has a meeting to go to, and I want to get to him, but I did have the opportunity to meet with Mr. Kiselov, who, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) pointed out, is sort of our Tom Brokaw, Peter Jennings, Walter Cronkite, and Dan Rather rolled up into one. Media-MOST and NTV is the only independent TV station in Russia. It is funded by, in part at least, by a gentleman named Gusinsky. We urged the members of the Russian Duma and other officials with whom we met to ensure that they would continue to be free and independent.  It is interesting that Ted Turner, who has so successfully opened up the eyes of the world to other lands through CNN, an extraordinary contribution to the interchange of peoples and the knowledge of one people of another, it is interesting that he has made an offer, along with partners, George Soros and others, to participate at the level of $30 million in helping to finance this independent TV station. We urged the leaders in Russia to ensure that that station would remain independent, because we know that a democracy cannot flourish without an independent press, without independent criticism, without an independent voice letting the people of that democracy know what their government is doing. If it is only a government-owned station, or if it is only a station owned by an organization like Gasprom, dependent on the government, then it will not be a free and objective voice. It will not be an alternative voice.  So that was one of the issues that we had the opportunity to raise. I know that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon), who is probably the expert in this Congress on national missile defense, will relate the numerous discussions we had on that issue to ensure that there is not a misunderstanding on either side as to what the objectives are and what the sense of responsibility is with respect to defending our peoples, both in Russia and in the United States, from those who would terrorize our peoples by ballistic missile attacks from a Third World nation.  So the issue of independent media outlets, the issue of defense and security arrangements between our two peoples, were very important issues among many, many others that we raised. I am not going to go into them all, because I know the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) will as well. But we talked about health issues, we talked about the environment, we talked about fighting drugs, and we talked about confronting terrorists in a cooperative way, because all of those issues were convergent in the best interests of both of our citizenry. Again, the discussions that we have that lead to better understanding and more cooperation will certainly result in a more stable and secure international environment.  Again, I thank the gentleman for allowing me to speak briefly about the importance of NTV and Media-MOST to the growth of the democracy in Russia. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.  