Speaker, we arrive at a point where I think we will be considering the election reform bill, the Help America Vote Act. I believe this bill is one of the most important bills that we will vote on and pass this year. I am disappointed that the rule did not allow a substitute to be offered. I asked for that in the Committee on Rules. I urged that that be allowed.  Frankly, if the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), who is the sponsor of a very significant bill that is pending in the House Committee on the Judiciary, had wanted to offer his substitute, I would have been even more adamant.  Having said that, I want to see this bill move forward. I regret this rule did not allow a substitute, but I believe it is important that we pass this bill and pass it today. It provides, as I will say in the general debate later today, very substantial resources for States to get us to a point where votes will not only be cast, but will be accurately counted; where votes will be counted, having made sure that every American was able to cast their vote properly; that state-wide registration would make sure that we knew who was registered; that provisional ballots would make sure that, even if we made a mistake in the system, that people would be allowed to vote; where, if the technology allows in 2002, citizens will be told they made a mistake, and if they want to change it, voters have an opportunity to do so.  This bill brings some very significant reforms. It answers many of the questions raised by last year's extraordinarily difficult election. So although I am very deeply distressed, as expressed by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings), that we did not have the ability to offer a substitute, I know that the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson) will be offering a motion to recommit.  If we pass this rule, I will speak strongly on behalf of this bill and hope to see its passage. The reason that I say that I think it should pass today, I am hopeful that the earliest possible date to both appropriate funds for the funding of the reforms, doing away with the punch cards, upgrading technology, educating voters, educating and training election officials, all to enhance the election process for our citizens, I am hopeful that we can do this as quickly as possible so that 2002 and certainly 2004 will not be a repeat of 2000. That election in 2000 ended 37 days after it began. It ended on this day exactly 1 year ago. It is appropriate that we act today.  