Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, this body has been diminished by the loss of two very similar Americans, one early in this year, Julian Dixon. Julian was an African American. He was an American. We have now, this morning, lost Norman Sisisky, a Jewish American. He was an American.  Both were similar in their approach. They were not partisan nor small. They were focused on the best interests of their communities, of their State, of their Nation. They were focused on their constituents and the people who served this great land. They were examples of what has made this country great.  I was here when Norm Sisisky came to the Congress of the United States, and because Maryland and Virginia are in the same region we did a lot of work together. Norm Sisisky became my dear and close friend.  Norm Sisisky was an extraordinary individual, with a sometimes perverse sense of humor. He would berate us one time and say, oh, you cannot do that, that is the worst thing in the world, and you knew if you just waited a little bit he was going to say, but I am with you.  He loved to do that. You could go to him for advice and counsel and know that you would get the wisdom of a man who had seen life, who had seen both advantage and adversity, and who accommodated both.  Norm Sisisky, Mr. Speaker, as all of us know, had a bout with cancer a few years ago. He faced that challenge with the same kind of courage that he faced life. We believed and he believed that he had overcome that challenge, and he returned to this body to, as the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), and his Virginia colleagues have so aptly stated, to contribute mightily to the security of this Nation and to international security.  Norm Sisisky was one of the experts in this House on national security. He was one, as I said before and others have said, who was respected on both sides of the aisle for working in a nonpartisan, nonpolitical way to ensure the strength of our armed services.  In addition to the Maryland-Virginia connection, I have two major Naval facilities in my district, Patuxent Naval Air Station and the Indian Head Naval Ordnance Station.  As we have heard, Norm Sisisky had one of the great Naval installations in the world, if not the greatest, in his district. We worked very closely together. He was a giant as an advocate for the strength of the U.S. Navy. The Navy and all its personnel have lost one of their strongest advocates and closest friends.  Norm Sisisky was not the Member who spoke most frequently on this floor. Nor was he the Member, as some have said, who tried to take the most credit for objectives accomplished. But, Mr. Speaker, there was no more effective, no more respected Member of this House, than our friend Norman Sisisky.  This body is a lesser place for the loss of Norman Sisisky. This country is a little less secure today because we have lost such a strong voice for national defense. The strength of our country is that his voice will be succeeded by others, his example will be followed by others, and his legacy will be long remembered by those who elected him time after time after time to serve them in this body, by those of us who had the honor to serve with him and by a grateful Nation.  God blesses America, Mr. Speaker. God blesses America, in my opinion, through His children. Norm Sisisky was a blessing to his family, to his State and to our Nation. May God extend His blessing to his wife, to his children, to his extended family and, yes, to that staff whom I visited just a few minutes ago, that they will be soothed in their grief, as will the family.  I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) for yielding the time and join in substantial sadness at the passing of a good and great friend.  