Speaker, I yield myself 5\1/2\ minutes.  Let me at the outset say that no one could have had a more positive partner in working on this legislation than I had in the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney). The chairman of the Committee on House Administration is dedicated and committed to producing a positive product. He has done that. I have been pleased to work with him in this process, and I thank him for his leadership.  Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago tonight in Bush v. Gore, the United States Supreme Court effectively determined the outcome of our last Presidential election. But today this House has an historic opportunity to let this day be remembered not for one of the most controversial decisions in the court's history, but for congressional action to protect our most cherished democratic right: the right to vote and the right to have that vote counted.  One hundred million Americans went to the polls on November 7, 2000, but an estimated 6 million, according to the CalTech-MIT study, failed to have their votes counted.  Thus, today, on this 1-year anniversary of Bush v. Gore, I am pleased to join our colleague, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), the chairman of our committee, and Members from both sides of the aisle in strongly supporting H.R. 3295, the Help America Vote Act of 2001.  This bipartisan election reform legislation, the most widely supported election reform bill in the House with 173 cosponsors, addresses virtually every major election system flaw that came to light after our last national election. The Help America Vote Act is an important mixture of Federal assistance to States and minimum election standards.  It will require, not ask, but require, all States to adopt a state-wide voter registration system linked to local jurisdiction; in-precinct provisional balloting; a system for maintaining the accuracy of voter registration records; uniform standards for defining what constitutes a vote on different types of voting equipment in different parts of the States; assurances that overseas military voters have their votes counted; assurances that voters have the right and opportunity to correct errors; and practical and effective means for disabled voters to cast secret ballots on new voting equipment.  These election standards are not discretionary, nor are they dependent on the States' receiving Federal assistance under the bill. States shall enact them, and they shall be enforced.  The Help America Vote Act also authorizes, as the chairman has said, $2.65 billion for Federal election reform, which includes $400 million for buyout of the infamous punch cards. The remaining $2.25 million will help States establish and maintain accurate lists of eligible voters, improve equipment, educate voters, recruit and train poll workers, and assure access for disabled voters.  This bipartisan legislation is the product of numerous hearings, at least four in the Committee on House Administration, the most of any congressional committee this year, in which we received invaluable input from State and local officials.  Furthermore, this legislation has been endorsed by, among others, the National Commission on Federal Election Reform, known as the Ford-Carter Commission; the National Association of Secretaries of State; the National Conference of State Legislatures; the National Association of Counties; the National Association of County Recorders, Election Officials and Clerks; the Election Center; the National Federation of the Blind; and the League of Women Voters of Los Angeles County.  Why is this important? Because it is those individuals who will have to run elections, and the fact that they are supportive of these requirements and these procedures is critically important to the next election.  In fact, in a recent op-ed column in the Washington Post, former Presidents Ford and Carter observed: ``With the exception of the civil rights laws of the 1960s, this bill,'' that is on the floor today, ``could provide the most important improvements in our democratic election system in our lifetimes.''  This is an extraordinarily good bill. It is not a perfect bill, but it goes much further than anybody would have thought at the beginning of this session.  Finally, I want to specifically thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Conyers), the ranking Democrat of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), the chairman of the Democratic Caucus Special Committee on Election Reform. Their insight and tireless advocacy on this important issue has improved this bill. H.R. 3295, in fact, incorporates many of their recommendations.  This legislation is not a magic elixir. However, it will significantly improve the integrity of our election process, encourage voter participation and restore public confidence in our system. In short, it is a historic opportunity for this House to right the undemocratic wrongs in our election system.  Election reform is a down payment on the right that defines us as a people. That is an investment in democracy that I urge every one of my colleagues to make today. This is a good bill. Let us vote for it. Let us pass it to the Senate. Let us take action.  