Speaker, David Stockman wrote in his book about the economics that supply side economics brought us. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) has now left the floor, but he always gets up and says on your watch, meaning the Republican watch, presumably, we balanced the budget. That is, of course, not the case. The budget was balanced because of the 1990 bill, the 1993 bill, and the first bipartisan part of that trifecta, the 1997 bill.  Republicans railed against the 1990 bill, not one of them voted for the 1993bill, and the deficits that we incurred and all the money we spent that the gentleman from Florida talks about in terms of Social Security were signed on to by Ronald Reagan and George Bush. All of it. We never overrode a veto of a spending bill of Ronald Reagan. Not once.  This bill on the floor is neither bipartisan nor responsible. It is ``Here we go again,'' Mr. Chairman, you are right. Here we go again putting on the floor of this House a bill that the gentleman knows we have not paid for and that future generations will be called on to pay for, our children and grandchildren.  That was what was wrong with the economics of the 1980s when we incurred the largest deficits, signed on to by Ronald Reagan, the one person who could have stopped it; and George Bush, the first, the other person who could have stopped it; until 1993, when we started bringing those deficits down. And, yes, we finally created surpluses.  President Bush said that we could have a massive tax cut, against which I voted, and be fine. That lasted for 10 weeks. He signed it in June, and by mid-August CBO, not Democrats, CBO was saying we have a deficit problem confronting us.  Now, I say to my friend from Florida, yes, we talked about Social Security; and the gentleman is absolutely correct, of course, the trust fund is inviolate. But what is not inviolate is the money. What Bob Rubin suggested is that we pay down the debt with the excess Social Security money. Why? Because it would make it easier and more probable that we could pay for Social Security well into the future. But, no, we are spending that money, raised at a 7 percent flat tax on everybody who makes under $83,000. Why? So that we can continue to give massive tax cuts to the wealthiest in America.  And when Bob Novak says that does not make sense, it is not Democrats calling your hand. I suggest to my colleagues that you ought to go back to the drawing board and be bipartisan. Sit down with ranking member Rangel and the Democratic Members and come up with a bill that is responsible.  I will vote for this substitute because I believe it puts money into the pockets of the people who need it and who will spend it and who will therefore stimulate the economy, and in so doing will create jobs.  This GOP bill, reported out of the Ways and Means Committee on a straight party-line vote, is simply Halloween candy for big business and Americans who are doing well economically.  Meanwhile, those who have been hit hardest by the recent slump in the economy are left holding a Halloween bag filled with nothing but rocks.  Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill didn't mince words. A week ago, he called this legislation ``show business'' that was designed to please the GOP's corporate constituency.  Even conservative columnist Robert Novak wrote that this bill is ``a hodgepodge that only a lobbyist could love.''  In fact, this bill violates virtually every principle for economic stimulus that the chairmen and ranking members of the House and Senate Budget Committees agreed to in early October.  Congressional budget leaders agreed that a stimulus plan must be fiscally disciplined. This bill is not. When higher Federal debt service is included, this GOP bill will cost an estimated $274 billion over 10 years.  And it will threaten our efforts to strengthen Social Security and Medicare and pay down debt, which keeps long-term interest rates low.  Congressional budget leaders agreed that a stimulus plan should provide an immediate economic boost.  However, many of the provisions in this bill provide little or no stimulus within the next 15 months.  Congressional budget leaders agreed that stimulus proposals should sunset within one year.  However, this GOP bill would make many tax cuts permanent, including a reduction in the capital gains tax rate and repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax.  Congressional budget leaders agreed that stimulus proposals should ``help those most vulnerable.''  However, the tax rate-cut acceleration and capital gains tax cuts are tilted toward those who are doing well, rather than those most likely to spend tax cuts. Furthermore, the $21 billion foreign-income tax break for corporations can only be termed outrageous.  Congressional budget leaders agreed that stimulus proposals should be offset. However, unlike the Democratic alternative, this GOP bill contains no offsets.  I urge my colleagues to embrace the bipartisanship that has guided us since September 11. Vote for the Democratic stimulus plan.  It invests in homeland security and helps unemployed workers and their families. It stimulates the economy through temporary tax cuts. And it maintains the fiscal discipline necessary to keep long-term interest rates low.  The American people deserve more than partisan Halloween pranks and posturing. Let's pass a stimulus plan that provides the economic boost we need.  