Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from the State of Washington (Mr. McDermott).  Mr. McDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, in the history of the world, there are very few issues that strike us so hard as what went on during the Holocaust, but life goes on. I was noticing thismorning that 100,000 people have died in India in an earthquake, and it is off the front page of the New York Times. We pass on to the next event and the next event, and people tend to forget.  Mr. Speaker, and what is important, not only for us as human beings in the Congress, but for the American people and the world, to not forget is what happens if people who care are not vigilant. People who know what is going on must speak out. When I think about what will go on over there, I always think of the statement made by Martin Noemuller, who said, ``When they came for the Communist, I was not a Communist, so I did not speak up. And when they came for the trade unionists, I was not a trade unionist, and so I did not speak up. And when they came for the socialist, I was not a socialist, and I was not a Jew. And when they came for me, there was nobody to speak up.''  I think that the decision by the House of Representatives to take the time to make a day of remembrance in the Rotunda is a very small step towards helping us to remember.  We, all of us, know people whose families were affected by it, and when you listen to their stories, one of the things I do on the 4th of July is give a liberty award to the immigrant to our country who has done things for the people of Seattle. About 3 years ago, I gave an award to a woman who came, when all of her family was lost, she was the only one who came to the United States. She opened a successful business, but she spent all of her extra time and money educating people of Seattle about what this is about. And I think that the House is to be commended, the leadership is to be commended to put this first on the agenda. Because if we ever forget what our democracy is really all about, we are in danger of losing it.  Mr. Speaker, I am very glad to be rising in support.  