Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to clarify some of the remarks that were made by the chairman. We believe that the difference is approximately 15 percent in the last 4 months. If you compare the first 6 months, it is an interesting comparison, because the Vice President, of course, was not in residence at the Vice President's residence. They were refurbishing the residence for the Vice President.  If you are just comparing the last 4 months, including a hot day yesterday and a cool month of June, there was a 15 percent difference over those 4 months between the two energy costs, which is clearly explained by the difference in weather.  But that attempts to respond to an alleged attack on the Vice President by attacking his predecessor. Now, I know consistency is the hobgoblin of small minds, but it would seem to be fair to the former Vice President not to go after these energy costs, as the majority wants the present Vice President to be free of these attacks.  The gentleman from Washington State pointed out, absolutely correctly, this is not about the Vice President. This is about the cost of energy. This is about a sensitivity that the administration ought to have, that the Congress ought to have, to the cost of heating one's home, of air conditioning one's home.  Now, let me correct, if I might, the chairman. The Secret Service is separately metered. The Secret Service has its own meter. Why? Because they use a lot of electric utilities. They use a lot of security lights, and they are metered themselves. So this is not an opportunity nor an effort to embarrass the Vice President.  But I will tell my friend, the chairman of this committee, with whom I have been working positively, who did not serve on all the years from 1995 to 2001 when there were repeated attempts to embarrass the President and the Vice President on the expenditures in the White House account, repeated attempts, unlike, I will tell the chairman, as he knows I feel strongly about, unlike 1981 through 1989, when Ronald Reagan was President of the United States, and unlike 1989 to 1993, when George Bush the First was President of the United States. It did not start to occur, for Members of Congress to go after individually either the Vice President or the President on administration of the House in which they live, until 1995, and it became very popular in 1996, 1997 and 1998 to rag on the President and the Vice President.  That is not what this is about. We have a crisis in America, and that crisis is energy costs. Some people in California and other areas of this country are put to the test of whether they are going to pay for an electrical bill or pay for their prescription drugs or pay for food.  