Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time to me.  I am the ranking member of the Committee on House Administration. As such, I participated in the markup of these two pieces of legislation, the Shays-Meehan legislation, which has in the past had 252 votes each time it was offered for passage on the floor of this House, and the Ney-Wynn bill, which is a new bill.  Mr. Speaker, I beg to differ with my friend, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions). At the markup, which was held on June 28, it was my understanding, and I believe the understanding of the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Shays) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Meehan), that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Shays), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Meehan) would have the opportunity, between June 28 and yesterday, to perfect their legislation, to present that perfected legislation to the Committee on Rules, and to have those pieces of legislation presented to the floor for consideration with such further amendments as others might have.  Mr. Speaker, I believe that was our understanding. I tell my friend, the gentleman from Texas, as a result, I did not offer any amendment. The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) nor any other Member offered any amendments. Why? Because it was the understanding of all 10 of us, in my opinion, that the bills would be perfected in the 10 days between June 28 and July 8 or 9 or 10.  That was not done. What the gentleman suggests is a fair process is to divide up into 14 different sections the perfections of the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Shays) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Meehan) sought, and therefore try to fight each one of those 14 different times.  I frankly think that is not fair. Why is it not fair? Because, as the gentleman from Texas, the ranking member of the Committee on Rules, has put forward, it is a rule which does not comport with what the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Shays) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Meehan) want to offer as their base bill.  Mr. Speaker, on the substance of this, the American public in my opinion is very concerned about the amount of money in politics. Rightly or wrongly, and I cast aspersions on no one in this House, rightly or wrongly, the American public believes that the gargantuan amounts of money that flow into Washington, into State Capitals, into local county seats as political contributions, hard or soft money, and that is a somewhat esoteric distinction that the public does not make, but it is an important one, because one is limited and one is not, they believe this is an important issue. They want to see it considered on its merits, not by procedural dissection, which is essentially what has occurred here.  