Speaker, former Maryland State Senator and St. Mary's County, Maryland State's Attorney Walter B. Dorsey is being honored Saturday, July 28, 2001, at the Anniversary Crabfeast of the newspaper ST. MARYS TODAY for a Lifetime of Public Service.  Senator Dorsey is a third generation member of the Maryland General Assembly, having been preceded in service by his father, the late Circuit Court Judge Phillip H. Dorsey, who was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in 1930 and 1934 and by his grandfather, Walter B. Dorsey, who was elected to the House of Delegates in 1911. Senator Dorsey was elected to the Maryland Senate in 1958 representing St. Mary's County, as was his father who was elected to the same seat in 1926. The late Judge Dorsey also served as a delegate to the Maryland Constitutional Convention in 1967.  Senator Dorsey was first elected St. Mary's County State's Attorney in 1954 after serving in the U. S. Army in Korea in the Judge Advocate General Corps. and won election again in 1982, 1986, 1990 and 1994 when he retired from office. Senator Dorsey also served as Deputy Maryland Public Defender during the administration of Maryland Governor Marvin Mandel. He has also maintained a law practice between his service as Public Defender and State's Attorney and at this time is of counsel to his the firm headed by his son Phillip H. Dorsey II as well as being engaged in the operation of Checker's Restaurants in Virginia and Maryland as a franchise owner. Senator Dorsey also owned and published the newspaper St. Mary's Journal in Leonardtown, Maryland from 1958 to 1961 as well as a doing a brief stint in the bakery business and developing the attractive waterfront new home community on Breton Bay known as Mulberry Point.  Senator Dorsey is married to his lovely wife of 28 years, Brenda B. Dorsey. Senator Dorsey has three sons and one daughter, Phillip, John Michael, Paul and Helen from his first marriage to the former Jeanne Duke Dorsey Mandel and two daughters he has raised with his wife Brenda, Sheryl and Suzanne.