Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I applaud the efforts of the chairman and the ranking member on this bill.  I rise to speak on behalf of a provision which will help the Anacostia waterfront become a vibrant community of residents and commerce, a project that will make Poplar Point a recreation destination, and to make South Capitol Street the center of a vital community and an appropriate gateway entrance into this capital city.  Last year, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) shepherded through the Congress a bill to allow private development of the Southeast Federal center. Her bill was key in bringing commercial and residential growth into this community. Over the past several months, I have been working with the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), Mayor Williams, and a host of Federal and local agencies and all of my colleagues from the Washington metropolitan area to identify what the Federal Government's next step can be. The next step must be addressing the terrible state of the South Capitol Street entrance to the Nation's capitol.  I therefore rise in strong support of the initiative in this bill for the Transportation Department to examine how to rework South Capitol Street. The transportation study will examine ways to create better infrastructure that links the waterfront community to the existing Capitol Hill community.  Once completed, this study is certain, certain to help community residents, Federal and District officials, and entrepreneurs to combine their skills and energy to realize the Anacostia's full potential.  We in Congress, Mr. Chairman, have a duty, a duty to this great city. By supporting the South Capitol Street traffic pattern study, we will be giving our Nation's capital a critical planning tool to make a smart, balanced development decision in the next few years. We will also be sending a powerful signal to District residents and entrepreneurs that we care about Washington, D.C.'s future.  I am very pleased to support this bill and the initiative. I think it is an initiative that all of us will look back on a decade, 2 decades from now and say, this was a substantial step, not just for the capital city, but for America as well.  