Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I am very pleased and proud to rise in support of this concurrent resolution that would grant the use of the Capitol rotunda for the 2001 Days of Remembrance Ceremony. I certainly want to thank the new chairman, and I want to congratulate him also, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), who has had a distinguished career in the State legislature, chaired the Committee on Appropriations in the Senate in Ohio and has come to the House and made an extraordinary contribution and has just been named as chairman of the House Administration Committee. I congratulate him and look forward to working with him. I want to congratulate the chairman for his hard work in getting this resolution to the floor today in a very timely fashion.  Mr. Speaker, this ceremony has occurred annually in the Capitol rotunda. It is the centerpiece of similar programs that occur all across our land. There is no doubt that the rotunda, the site of so many of our Nation's historical events, is a fitting and appropriate place for such a program. It is a place of unity, where we gather together as a Nation to celebrate and, yes, sometimes to mourn. On April 18, 2001, it will once again be at the forefront of the Nation's attention as we gather to remember one of the most heinous times in our past, and to pledge anew that it will never, never, never again happen, and that we will never, never again turn our backs on genocide.  The theme of this year's program is ``Remembering the Past for the Sake of the Future.'' This should be more than just a theme for a few days; it should be a guiding principle in all of our actions.  Sixty years ago the Nazis began their campaign of genocide against European Jews and others perceived to be not productive parts of the society. When the war finally ended, more than 11 million people, including 6 million Jews, died at the hands of the Nazis. In the years since, we have built memorials and museums so we can better remember, and this is certainly appropriate.  In remembering the past, however, we must always consider the future. This sentiment was perhaps best stated in the 1979 report of the President's Commission on the Holocaust that said, ``A memorial unresponsive to the future would violate the memory of the past.''  The Days of Remembrance program is a living remembrance of the past that should always help guide the future. It forces us to consider what we can do to prevent genocide from ever occurring again. It raises questions we often grapple with in the Congress. As we all know, Mr. Speaker, we grappled with it in Bosnia, in Kosovo. So it is not ancient history; it is recent history.  What should we have done and what can we do in Rwanda, Afghanistan, the Sudan? Well, let us also use this opportunity to shine a light into the dark corners of our own Nation. In the past several years, we have seen a proliferation of hate crimes across our land. We must use the power that the people have granted us to pass laws to help ensure that these horrible acts will never go unpunished, or even perhaps more importantly, or as importantly, unrecognized.  As most of my colleagues know, the Days of Remembrance Commemoration was created in the establishment clause of the legislation that created the United States Holocaust Memorial Council. I would like to thank all of the members, Mr. Speaker, of the Council for their tremendous work that ensures that this Nation and our people will never forget and will never allow this tragic history to repeat itself.  I would also take a moment, and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney) has also mentioned him, to remember the late and great Member of this House who served almost a half a century, Sid Yates from Illinois. Sid Yates kept the faith. Sid Yates kept the light burning. Sid Yates made us all remember. Sid Yates was a giant in this institution, a giant in this country; and we miss him. This commemoration will certainly be another remembrance of him as well. Through Sid, though he is no longer with us, his efforts to ensure that current and future generations never forget the Holocaust will reverberate for years to come.  Mr. Speaker, I have spoken to my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who is a strong supporter of this resolution and a tireless advocate for human rights. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, he cannot be on the House Floor today and, therefore, is unable to support this resolution on the floor at this time. But as our ranking member on the Committee on International Relations, and I see we have the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) here, the chairman of the Committee on International Relations; the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) would join the chairman in support of this resolution. I would like to thank him for his continuing support.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I would also like to urge them to participate in this event, to remember the past, to reflect upon our obligation to the future.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  