Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, on whatever side of the issue, we all ought to be against this legislation on the floor today. To the new Members who come here, did they come here expecting to have no hearings, no consideration, no full debate on issues of consequence to hundreds of thousands and, yes, millions of Americans? Is that how we are going to run the House of Representatives? Is that the responsibility we owe in a democracy?  The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) has been rolled on the Patients' Bill of Rights by his own leadership? Why do we come to the floor rolling us once again, and when I say ``us,'' not the Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives, but the thousands of people who might just want to come here and tell us how they believe, what they think, what their perceptions are.  The gentleman from Georgia (Chairman Norwood) said this, ``No reason to believe they,'' speaking of Libby Dole and George Bush, ``would be for this legislation.'' Of course there is no reason to believe, because we have not asked them. We have not asked any American to come in and tell us what should we do. That is not the way to legislate.  Reject this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, the final Workplace Safety Standard issued by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration on November 14, 2000, was the result of a 10-year public process initiated in 1990 by Secretary of Labor, Elizabeth Dole.  Use of the Congressional Review Act to repeal the Workplace Safety Standard is an extreme measure. Not only would it represent the first vote ever in Congress to take away a public health and safety protection, but it would also prevent OSHA from ever issuing other important worker health and safety measures.  Each year, U.S. workers experience 1.8 million work-related repetitive stress disorders. And every year 600,000 workers in America lose time from work because of repetitive motion, back and other disabling injuries.  According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 34 percent of all lost workday injuries are related to repetitive stress injuries. These injuries are often extremely painful and disabling; sometimes they are permanent.  Last year the Department of Labor estimated that the workplace safety rule would prevent about 300,000 injuries per year, and save $9 billion in workers compensation and related costs.  Due to riders and similar block-at-all costs tactics since 1995, the delay in implementing this rule cost $45 billion in workers' compensation and related costs, and allowed 1.5 million painful and disabling injuries that could have been prevented.  The problems are real, but so are the solutions. The time for delay is past.  The time to act is now. American's workers can't afford to wait.  I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the joint resolution of disapproval.  