Chairman, this is a good bill. We are trying to take care of Members, their accounts, and the Capitol itself. We have included a provision for certain termporary workers of the Architect of the Capitol to ensure that they can receive the same employee benefits that other employees receive.  I thank the majority clerk of the subcommittee, Elizabeth Dawson, who has done an outstanding job together with her colleagues on the staff, including Mark Murray for the minority, as well as the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Taylor), and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran). This is not a controversial bill, as a result of a bipartisan effort to fund at adequate levels for the legislative branch of government so we might do our job on behalf of the people of this country.  Mr. Chairman, our friends from North Carolina and Virginia have written an excellent bill that meets the test any general appropriations bill should meet. It will provide the resources that agencies need to do their jobs next year. I have already voted for it twice in the committee, and I urge all members to support it here.  This bill fully funds a number of accounts, including the Government Printing Office, the Congressional Budget Office, and the Congressional Research Service, key agencies that directly support the work of the Congress.  It fully funds the American Folklife Center in the Library, including the Veterans' Oral History Project authorized last year at the suggestion of our colleague, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Kind]. It funds the excellent new sound-recording preservation program also authorized last year.  It provides needed funds to improve services to the public in the Law Library.  To enhance security in the complex, it funds all the extra Capitol Police Officers that the department can hire and train next year, and restores pay parity with Park Police and Secret Service Uniformed Officers.  It extends GPO's early-out/buy-out authority for 3 more years.  It funds the 4.6% COLA that all Federal employees, both military and civilians, should receive next January.  It funds the same $65 transit benefit available in the Executive Branch for every legislative-branch agency. I especially want to compliment our friend from Virginia for making this a priority. I will work in House administration to authorize the increased benefit promptly for House employees.  And the bill otherwise provides ample funds for the operation of Member offices, committees, and the officers of the House.  The bill reserves for conference a final decision on the Congressional Budget Office's request for student-loan repayment authority, in order to give House administration time to develop a policy applicable to the entire legislative branch, as just wisely proposed by our friend from California (Ms. Lee).  Mr. Chairman, I could go on for a considerable time lauding this bill, but I won't. It has been a pleasure working with Chairman Taylor and Mr. Moran this year.  I thank them both for their leadership and tireless efforts.  It has also been a pleasure to work with the capable new subcommittee clerk, Liz Dawson.  I urge an ``aye'' vote on this excellent bill.  