  So I do not understand, if we can confirm Professor McConnell by unanimous consent, why can't we grant cloture to a man who has distinguished himself as one of the great legal scholars of our country?  Let me address one particular criticism that has been made of Professor Liu's writings, and that is his writings on constitutional interpretation and fidelity to the Constitution.  Some in the Senate have harshly criticized his book ``Keeping Faith with the Constitution'' because he says at one point that the Supreme Court has taken ``social practices, evolving norms, and practical consequences'' into account when interpreting the Constitution. This, some colleagues say, means he will be an activist.  First, Liu has said this book was written as a professor, as an academic, that it is in no way a roadmap for how he would decide cases as a judge. He said, in his own words:       The duty of a circuit judge is to faithfully follow the      Supreme Court's instructions on matters of constitutional      interpretation, not any particular theory. And so that is      exactly what I would do, is I would apply the applicable      precedents to the facts of each case.  But I think some are using this nomination to try to set a new standard, to say that the only valid theory of constitutional interpretation is originalism. So I want to point out that Liu's comments about constitutional interpretation are hardly exceptional.  In fact, they echo statements made by some of our very best jurists across the span of American history: Chief Justice John Marshall, Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, to name a few.  The most famous example: Chief Justice John Marshall wrote, in 1819, in the case of McCulloch v. Maryland:       We must never forget that it is a constitution we are      expounding.       . . . This provision is made in a constitution, intended to      endure for ages to come, and consequently, to be adapted to      the various crises of human affairs.  Chief Justice John Marshall.  We are not all originalists here, and originalism does not define the legal mainstream. In an interview, published in the California Lawyer in January, Justice Scalia made the shocking statement that he does not believe the U.S. Constitution guarantees women equal protection of the law. This came out this January. This is a sitting Supreme Court Justice saying the Constitution does not guarantee women equal protection under the law.  The text of the 14th amendment says no ``person'' shall be denied equal protection of the law--and after decades of precedent, unanimous Supreme Court decisions agree that women are protected. But regardless of text and precedent, Justice Scalia says it cannot be so because that is not what the drafters of the 14th amendment intended.  This is not the American mainstream. Following this line of reasoning, the minimum wage would be unconstitutional, schools could still be legally segregated, States could prohibit married couples from using birth control, and I, as a woman, could be prohibited from standing here today as an elected Member of the Senate.  That kind of thinking cannot be a criterion for acceptance onto our Federal courts. So some may disagree with Liu's statement about constitutional interpretation, but it is hardly far afield of the legal mainstream today.  Let me tell you what others who are familiar with Liu's full record--full record--have said about his work.  Richard Painter, a chief ethics officer for President George W. Bush, relayed similar thoughts after reviewing Liu's record. Here is a quote: Liu's ``views are part of the legal mainstream'' and that the ``independence, rigor, and fair-mindedness of his writings support a confident prediction that he will be a dutiful and impartial judge.'' ``Liu respects the law, which is what we should expect of a judge.''  Yet the Senate may well not give him cloture even to come to a vote on his confirmation. That is unfair.  Jesse Choper, who reviewed all of Liu's writings as the chair of his tenure committee, has similarly said, ``in addressing a wide range of issues, Liu demonstrates rigor, independence, fair-mindedness, and--most importantly for present purposes--sincere respect for the proper role of courts in a constitutional democracy.'' ``One thing is clear,'' he says, ``Liu's interpretive approach is part of mainstream legal thought.''  Finally, someone who has been quoted often here today, Kenneth Starr, a prominent conservative and former Reagan appointee to the DC Court of Appeals, has written to us together with Professor Akhil Amar to say, Goodwin Liu is ``a person of great intellect, accomplishment, and integrity, and he is exceptionally well qualified to serve on the court of appeals.''  Continuing to quote:       In our view, the traits that should weigh most heavily in      the evaluation of an extraordinarily qualified nominee such      as Goodwin are professional integrity and the ability to      discharge faithfully an abiding duty to follow the law.      Because Goodwin possesses those qualities to the highest      degree, we are confident that he will serve on the court of      appeals not only fairly and competently, but with great      distinction.  I have a very hard time understanding why people would do this: we listened to and read Judge McConnell's views, which were antithetical to many of us on this side, but we believed he would be a fair and good judge, and he was confirmed by voice vote; but today someone who has the finest education America has to offer, who is supported by scholars on both sides of the political aisle, who is truly scholastically exceptional, who could quote case after case after case in his hearings, may be denied cloture.  If he is, this is not the Senate of the United States of which I am most proud. I hope I am wrong. I hope he will be granted cloture because he deserves a vote up or down. A majority vote--that is America--a majority vote on his confirmation. We will see what happens.  