 Monaco to be the Assistant Attorney General for National Security that is before the Senate.  The Assistant Attorney General for National Security is a fairly new position but a very important one, especially in a time of rapidly evolving threats to our nation and increasingly challenging legal questions about how to prepare for and combat those threats.  As the Assistant Attorney General for National Security, Ms. Monaco would represent the government in Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA, proceedings and sign off on applications to allow the government to move quickly to track down terrorists and spies operating against the United States. She will be the principal official in the Department of Justice for engaging with the intelligence community as agencies determine the authorities and limitations under the law.  Ms. Monaco's confirmation is long overdue. She was approved unanimously by both the Senate Judiciary and Intelligence Committees last month after the May 1 strike against Osama bin Laden.  Importantly for the Assistant Attorney General for National Security position, that operation netted a large cache of al-Qaida documents, communications, and videos that will, no doubt, lead to new counterterrorism leads.  On May 8 National Security Adviser Tom Donilon was on ``Meet the Press,'' and he said, ``This is the largest cache of intelligence derived from the scene of any single terrorist. It's about the size, the CIA tells us, of a small college library.''  In the past 2 months, intelligence and law enforcement professionals have been scouring that information for new threats, leads, and insights into al-Qaida and global terrorism. As the intelligence gained is turned into counterterrorism actions, Lisa Monaco will oversee those activities.  The bottom line is that at this time of heightened potential threat of terrorism, the Attorney General, the intelligence community, and the entire administration need to have their team in place.  Ms. Monaco was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 9 and by the Senate Intelligence Committee on May 24, in both cases by unanimous vote. Both committees held nomination hearings for Ms. Monaco and for both committees, she completed prehearing and post-hearing questions. I know Ms. Monaco also had a chance to meet with members of both committees and it is clear she is impressive and well-qualified.  There is no doubt that Ms. Monaco has the experience to be an effective Assistant Attorney General for National Security. Let me describe her background in more detail.  Since February 2010, Lisa Monaco has served as the Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General or acted in that capacity, and she served as Associate Deputy Attorney General from January 2009 through February 2010.  She also has considerable experience with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, having served as chief of staff to Director Robert Mueller, September 2007-January 2009.  Ms. Monaco spent 6 years as an assistant U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia when she received the Attorney General's Award for Exceptional Service, the Department of Justice's highest award. She also received Department of Justice Awards for Special Achievement on three occasions, in 2002, 2003, and 2005.  She received her law degree from the University of Chicago Law School, 1997, and her B.A. from Harvard University, 1990.  Ms. Monaco's nomination has received support from a range of former senior officials of the FBI and Department of Justice, including former Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey and former Assistant Attorney General for National Security Kenneth L. Wainstein.  So we see that Ms. Monaco's background and qualifications are impeccable. I strongly urge the Senate to approve her nomination to be the Assistant Attorney General and wish her success in this position.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Gillibrand). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  