 President, I wish to speak about amendment No. 855, which I filed with Senators Coburn, Gillibrand, Lautenberg, and Brown.  This amendment would require the Secretary of Agriculture to enforce adjusted gross income limits on farm subsidies that were established in the last farm bill by:  Pursuing thousands of individuals flagged by the IRS as potentially illegal recipients of farm subsidies; reclaiming subsidies from millionaires and other illegal recipients; and auditing subsidy recipients who claim they are in compliance with income limits but whose IRS tax returns suggest otherwise.  I do not intend to ask for a vote on this amendment at this time, but I would like to explain to my colleagues why I am calling upon the USDA to more vigorously enforce the adjusted gross income limits in law.  In the 2008 farm bill, Congress capped the income of farm bill subsidy payment recipients at $500,000 for non-farm income and $750,000 for farm income.  The limits were imposed because there had been increasing concerns that direct payments, countercyclical payments, and marketing loan benefits had been going to corporate agriculture and millionaires.  These subsidy programs are designed to provide a safety net to farmers whose industry suffers from dramatic swings in prices from year to year.  Congress intended to prevent individuals who could provide their own safety net from drawing funds they didn't need from taxpayers.  The final enacted limits--$500,000 for non-farm income and $750,000 for farm income--prevent payments only to farmers and absentee farm-owners who are doing extremely well financially.  Less than 2 percent of Americans make this much money in a given year.  And Congress applied the caps flexibly.  Income can be averaged over a 3-year period, standard income tax deductions apply, and farmers can deduct their expenses related to their entire farm operation.  Congress gave the U.S. Department of Agriculture clear direction to investigate and enforce the income caps.  But the USDA has been very slow to enforce this provision.  First, USDA did not thoroughly review subsidy recipients to prevent illegal payments from going out the door in 2009, 2010, or 2011, even though the farm bill instructed that ``the Secretary shall deny the issuance of applicable payments and benefits'' to farmers who fail to certify compliance.  Second, the USDA has not yet aggressively pursued thousands of payment recipients that the IRS has identified as likely violators.  Third, the USDA has not conducted a single audit of a subsidy recipient, even though the farm bill states:       The Secretary shall establish statistically valid      procedures under which the Secretary shall conduct targeted      audits of such persons or legal entities as the Secretary      determines are most likely to exceed the limitations . . .  Finally, USDA has made no attempt to identify those who lied about or concealed their income in order to receive subsidy payments. Such an act would constitute fraud against the U.S. government.  USDA has taken the initial step by working with the IRS to identify potentially illegal payments in 2009 and 2010, and I commend them for this action.  The preliminary results of their investigation are staggering:  The IRS ``flagged'' 13,000 individuals in USDA's database with tax returns that suggest they exceed congressionally mandated income caps.  When USDA reached out to 200 randomly selected ``flagged'' individuals, more than 15 percent returned the money--with no questions asked.  Another 30 percent of those contacted by USDA didn't bother to respond, suggesting a lack of respect among payment recipients for USDA's enforcement ability.  This preliminary effort demonstrates that enforcing this law is both fair and fiscally responsible.  Thousands of recipients could be receiving tens, even hundreds, of millions of Federal dollars each year, illegally.  Wealthy farmers--and absent farm owners--are still claiming payments from the farm bill's safety net programs, and the USDA is not doing enough to stop them.  Some of my colleagues believe we should wait for the next farm bill to address this problem. But I doubt they recognize that failing to enforce this provision wastes this much money.  Furthermore, the next farm bill is likely to include some form of payment regime, as every farm bill has for more than 50 years.  It might not be direct payments, but some form of subsidy payment regime is expected to remain.  Vigorous income limit enforcement makes the farm safety net stronger, not weaker. It assures that funding is available for those who need it, even in a time of severe cuts.  Our constituents are suffering through the longest economic downturn in a generation. And government resources to help those truly in need are dwindling.  And yet despite congressional direction to conduct audits and oversight of fraudulent payments to individuals already making hundreds of thousands of dollars per year, the Department of Agriculture has not done enough to ensure that our limited resources are being spent wisely.  I urge our colleagues to join me in speaking out about this issue. I urge them to demand that the USDA enforce the law.  We need to send a clear message that fraudulent claims and subsidies to the rich are unacceptable.  