  I come to the floor as the chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence to speak about the nomination of GEN David Petraeus to become the Director of the CIA. I wish to thank the majority leader for bringing this nomination to the floor in such a quick fashion because the committee, only earlier this week, on Tuesday, unanimously approved the nomination of General Petraeus.  I think there is no doubt but that General Petraeus is among the finest military officers and strategic thinkers of his generation. We are very lucky to have his service. He wrote the Army's counterinsurgency strategy and then applied it in Iraq, securing a military victory from what had appeared to be a descent into chaos and violence.  One year ago to this day, the Senate confirmed General Petraeus to replace GEN Stanley McChrystal as the leader of American and International Security Assistance Forces in Afghanistan. Since then he has shifted the strategy, implemented the troop surge, kept our coalition together, and today our military and intelligence analysts point to gains in the security situation and in the Afghan military and ability of the police to secure their nation.  General Petraeus's willingness to take on the Afghanistan mission also demonstrates his extraordinary commitment to public service. At the time, he was serving in Tampa, FL, as the Combatant Commander for Central Command, no longer directly in charge of a war zone but with the responsibility for not just Afghanistan but for 19 other countries as well. He agreed to what was a step down in the military ``org chart'' to take on the hardest military challenge in the world and to deploy from Tampa to Kabul. The Nation certainly owes General Petraeus a debt of gratitude for 37 years in uniform.  When he is confirmed, General Petraeus will be taking off the uniform to become Director Petraeus. He has clearly considered the differences in culture and mission between the CIA and the military, and now he will shifthis style to lead intelligence collectors and analysts rather than officers and enlisted troops.  As a matter of fact, in our hearing in Hart 216, there was a bit of levity when General Petraeus was asked the question about how he would transition from a four-star general to a civilian role as Director of the CIA. He said: You can be sure that when I arrive at the CIA, I will arrive without an escort and just simply get out of my automobile and walk into the building. Well, as we looked out in the audience at his confirmation hearing and we saw a phalanx of officers accompanying the general, it became very clear that it was, indeed, going to be quite a transition.  I believe--and I think this is the importance of this nominee--that General Petraeus understands the difference and is prepared to move into a civilian organization at a difficult time. Of our 16 different intelligence agencies, one is generally--and hopefully but generally--led by a civilian, although there have been seven military commanders in our history who have led the CIA. Of course, Leon Panetta is, in fact, a civilian.  I think we have to consider the timing of this: the winddown of two wars, Iraq and Afghanistan; the operation in Libya; a restive Middle East where the changes in an Arab spring are not fully known; an Israeli-Palestinian situation that has to it crisis dimensions; the North Korean situation with respect to the nuclear weaponry of that country; Iran, a very dangerous country with the potential of becoming a nuclear country; and, above all things, the fact that this September is the tenth anniversary of 9/11, and where there is nonspecific intelligence that this country may well have a revenge attack against it. Therefore, I think General Petraeus's military service will come in handy. I think his analytical skills and ability will come in very handy. I believe he is the right man for the job at this time.  Through the confirmation process, the Intelligence Committee has sought to understand General Petraeus's vision for the CIA and how he will lead it through the challenges I have just mentioned. I believe he has answered these questions and has laid out his views.  General Petraeus has testified that he had discussed this possible move to the CIA with Secretary Gates as far back as last year. He even demonstrated that he knows the CIA culture and the lingo, saying that right after being sworn in he will call an ``all-hands'' meeting for all CIA employees and ``will tell them up front right there that you all should know that I'm here to recruit you and I know that you're here to recruit me.''  He has met with just about every CIA former Director and received their advice on running the agency, and he plans to put that advice into practice.  General Petraeus has written and testified he fully appreciates the mission of the CIA is to provide unvarnished intelligence assessments to policymakers, whether they like it or not. That is a fundamental point. The intelligence must stand on its own. It must be good intelligence, it must be streamlined intelligence, and it must be intelligence which has been subject to the best of analysis and red-teaming.  This was one of the questions raised during his confirmation: Would General Petraeus put aside his military commander's assessments and carry forth the agency's analytic view? He answered the question head on, pointing out that he has experience in the analytical field and in debating assessments to reach the best judgment possible.  General Petraeus specifically pointed to his academic background as well as his military command experience. He, in fact, has earned--and I don't think many people know this--a master's of public administration and a Ph.D. in international relations from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs. He has served as an assistant professor of international relations at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, from which he graduated, and as a fellow at Georgetown University.  So the culture and debate in the CIA's Directorate of Intelligence will not be new to General Petraeus, and he understands the importance of presenting clear analytic views.  While all Members are familiar with General Petraeus's recent positions in Iraq and Afghanistan, let me touch on some of his prior experience. Prior to command in Iraq, he served at Fort Leavenworth, KS, during which time he oversaw the development of the Army and the Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual. The importance of that manual is that it has stood the test of time since then.  Earlier in his career, General Petraeus served in Bosnia, where he was the Assistant Chief of Staff for Operations of the NATO Stabilization Force and the Deputy Commander of the United States Counterterrorism Task Force-Bosnia.  Prior to his tour in Bosnia, he spent 2 years at Fort Bragg, NC, serving as the Assistant Division Commander for Operations of the 82nd Airborne Division, and then as Chief of Staff of the Airborne Corps.  In addition, he has served in a number of staff assignments, including aide to the Chief of Staff of the Army; Military Assistant to the Supreme Allied Command-Europe; Chief of Operations of the United Nations Force in Haiti; and Executive Assistant to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Not only is this a man who has great experience, this is a man who has commanded, who understands the military, and who has produced for the United States of America.  From my meeting and discussions with him, his responses before, during, and after our confirmation hearing, and based on his remarkable background, I am absolutely confident General Petraeus will make an excellent Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. I hope his confirmation vote will be unanimous. That makes it a real mandate.  While we are here to consider the nomination of David Petraeus, I also wish to note and recognize some other people. First and foremost, Defense Secretary Bob Gates, a former Director of Central Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense whose term ends today.  Secretary Gates has been a tremendously dedicated public servant throughout his career but never more needed and appreciated than his last 4\1/2\ years as Secretary of Defense. He has presided over the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He has managed the largest organization in the world at the Pentagon. He has earned the complete trust and respect of both President Bush and President Obama and of every single Member of this body. That almost makes him an endangered species.  Secretary Gates is the model of the professional government official, and his leadership and his character is truly an example to us all. I wish him well as he goes back to the State of Washington. Candidly, on a personal level, I will never forget his service to our country.  Next, today is Leon Panetta's last day as Director of the CIA. I was very proud to be able to introduce Director Panetta as a native Californian at his confirmation hearing to be Secretary of Defense earlier this month. I can't say enough about the job he has done and my appreciation for the relationship we have had over the past 2 years. I think it is well known that when it first cropped up that he might be considered for CIA Director, I thought the service could be best served by someone with CIA experience. I can say here I couldn't have been more wrong. Director Panetta has stepped in when the Senate has had a hard time finding agreement and put together a note of confidence in this body that is unsurpassed, and I believe that is true at the agency as well. He has raised morale. He understands the priorities. He has set the priorities. And he was eminently prepared to be the commanding officer in the takedown of Osama bin Laden. Mr. Panetta's service as CIA Director was both unique and very special. And it is worth noting that, in a time when the Senate has a hard time finding agreement, Leon Panetta received 100 votes on his confirmation to be the next Secretary of Defense.  I hope and expect the vote on General Petraeus will be overwhelming as well. It speaks of the President's choices of such qualified and respected nominees and of their willingness to continue service.  Quickly, I would also like to recognize a person who will be, as of tomorrow, the Acting Director of the CIA, Michael Morell.  I notice that the vice chairman of our committee, the distinguished Saxby Chambliss, is on the floor. I believe both of us think that Mike Morell has given our Intelligence Committee nothing but the unvarnished truth. He has come in to meet with us; he has been prepared to answer questions; he has presented the facts. He is an articulate, strong briefer. He knows the Agency. I believe he is going to lead the Agency well until the beginning of September, as General Petraeus will complete his tour in Kabul in July, and then there will be a transition period as he returns home and resigns his commission. In the interim, Mike Morell will be in charge at the CIA. I think we both believe the Agency will be well served by his service as Acting Director.  Finally, I want to thank Mrs. Holly Petraeus, the wife of David Petraeus and the Assistant Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, responsible for the Office of Servicemember Affairs.  General Petraeus mentioned at his hearing that Holly has been with him for 37 years and 23 moves, and we thank her for continuing to share her husband with our country.  Madam President, you and I both know how difficult it is when we have a spouse somewhere else, let alone having a spouse somewhere in great jeopardy in wartime far from America, in countries at which we are waging war, year after year after year. She, indeed, is a very special woman, and I think the general is very lucky to have her as his spouse.  In the position of Director of the CIA, he will carry out one of the most important posts in our government. The Director is a senior member of the President's national security team and provides candid and objective analysis on every single national security issue this Nation faces. But the Director is also in charge of clandestine and covert operations around the globe. It is one of the reasons our oversight responsibility is so important in these areas: to see that the law is followed and to see that missions are carried out with the full oversight of our committee. The CIA Director is responsible for the security of the people of his Agency and for making sure their efforts are in keeping, as I said, with the Nation's laws and ethics. It is a unique and difficult combination of management, of intellect, and, most importantly, of character because things can go awry and one might elect not to follow the law. I believe that will not be the case with General Petraeus. I believe he will follow the law and he will do an excellent job. So I fully, 100 percent, absolutely support his confirmation.  I am very pleased to yield the floor to the distinguished vice chairman of the committee, the Senator from Georgia.  