 President, I am very pleased that we are considering the historic nomination of Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California.  When she is confirmed, she will be the first Latina district judge in the Northern District of California.  Judge Gonzalez Rogers first came to my attention through a bipartisan Judicial Advisory Committee that I have set up in California. This committee recommended her to me, and I interviewed her personally.  Judge Gonzalez Rogers is a tested judge with a proven track record of success and dedication to the northern California community. It was my privilege to recommend her nomination to President Obama.  She lives in Piedmont, CA. She and her husband have three children--Christopher, Maria, and Joshua.  Judge Gonzalez Rogers was born in Houston, TX. Her parents were each the oldest of nine siblings and grew up in south Texas. Spanish was their first language.  Her father served in the U.S. Army and went to college with assistance from the G.I. Bill.  Out of a large extended family, she was one of only three family members to attend college.  She earned her undergraduate degree from Princeton University, where she excelled, graduating cum laude in 1987.  During school breaks and weekends, she spent her time cleaning houses and cutting grass to help pay her tuition.  She attended law school at the University of California at Berkeley, ultimately earning her law degree from the University of Texas at Austin.  She began the practice of law at the prestigious San Francisco firm Cooley LLP. At that time, no Latina woman had been elected into the partnership of any major San Francisco law firm.  In her own words, Judge Gonzalez Rogers ``worked hard to break that mold by becoming an excellent attorney worthy of invitation to the partnership.'' She was elevated to Cooley's partnership in 1998.  In her application to my committee, she described her story as the ``American dream,'' and she said that she ``would be honored to spend the remainder of [her] professional career serving the country that has given [her] so much.''  She currently serves as an Alameda County superior court judge. Judge Gonzalez Rogers is an impressive jurist--smart, personable, and with mainstream views of the law--who I believe would serve very well as a Federal district judge.  On the Superior Court, she has presided over both a criminal and civil calendar. She currently oversees a docket of more than 500 civil cases.  She has also been active in the community. She was appointed by the presiding judge to serve as foreperson of the Alameda County Civil Grand Jury--an active investigative body that examines complaints about the administration of county government.  She served as cochair of Citizens for Piedmont Schools, leading a campaign to pass ballot measures for the benefit of the local school systems. Each measure passed with over 80 percent of the vote.  Her dedication to her community is admirable, as is her dedication to the law.  As she said in her own words, ``I have a deep respect for judicial leadership, for judges who manage the process and their courtrooms well, apply the law fairly, and explain their reasoning clearly. Reasonable people can disagree. We need judges who will listen and then decide. I hope to have a long judicial career to live up to this standard.''  I have no doubt she will live up to that standard, and I strongly believe she will be an outstanding Federal judge.  The Judiciary Committee reported her nomination by voice vote in September, and I urge my colleagues to vote to confirm her nomination today.  