 President, I thank the Senator from Illinois for his very eloquent remarks; also, the Senator from Colorado, Mr. Udall, whom I had the pleasure of hearing from my office. I think they have encapsulated the situation we find ourselves in very well.  Mr. President, I wish to follow up on the detention authorities in the Defense Authorization bill and announce that today I am introducing legislation to clearly state that citizens apprehended in the United States shall not be indefinitely detained by the military.  This new legislation is called the Due Process Guarantee Act of 2011. I am joined by Senator Leahy, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, to which this bill will go, Senator Lee, a member of that committee, Senator Kirk, Senator Mark Udall, Senator Paul, Senator Coons, and Senator Gillibrand. I thank them for being original cosponsors of this bipartisan legislation.  In sum, the Due Process Guarantee Act we are introducing will add to another major law called the Non-Detention Act of 1971, which clearly stated:       No citizen shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the      United States except pursuant to an act of Congress.  The new legislation we intend to introduce will amend this Non-Detention Act to provide clearly that no military authorization authorizes the indefinite detention without charge or trial of U.S. citizens who are apprehended domestically. It also codifies a ``clear statement rule'' that requires Congress to expressly authorize detention authority when it comes to U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents for all military authorizations and similar authorities.  We cannot limit the actions of future Congresses, but we can provide that if they intend to limit the fundamental rights of U.S. citizens, they must say so clearly and explicitly.  I am very pleased to add that Senator Durbin will also cosponsor this legislation.  Lawful permanent residents are included in this bill we will introduce because they have the same due process protections as citizens under the Constitution. In this bill, the protections for citizens and lawful permanent residents is limited to those ``apprehended in the United States,'' excluding citizens who take up arms against the United States on a foreign battlefield.  I strongly believe constitutional due process requires that U.S. citizens apprehended in the United States should never be held in indefinite detention. That is what this legislation would accomplish, so I look forward to working with my colleagues, especially Chairman Leahy on the Judiciary Committee, to move this bill forward.  I note the Senator from Illinois, Senator Kirk, is on the floor of the Senate to speak about this bill as well.  Our current approach to handling these suspects in Federal criminal courts has produced a strong record of success since the 9/11 attacks. We would be wise to follow the saying, ``If it ain't broke, don't fix it.''  Our system is not broken. We thwarted attempted terrorist acts. We have captured terrorists, interrogated them, retrieved actionable intelligence from them, prosecuted them, and locked them up for lengthy sentences--in most cases for the rest of their lives.  Both Senator Udall and Senator Durbin pointed out Director Mueller's testimony before the Judiciary Committee yesterday. This is relevant because it had been said that the Director of the FBI was satisfied with the language of the conference report of the Defense authorization bill. When Director Mueller was asked the question yesterday, Are you satisfied with the language, in so many words, he said, not quite. To quote him, Director Mueller said:       Given the statute the way it is now, it doesn't give me a      clear path to certainty as to what is going to happen when      arrests are made in a particular case.  He warned:       The possibility looms that we will lose opportunities to      obtain cooperation from the persons in the past that we've      been fairly successful in gaining.  I am concerned about how these provisions will be implemented once they are enacted into law, so I will be watching carefully to ensure that they do not jeopardize our national security.  Finally, I want to explain, as the sponsor of the Feinstein compromise amendment, No. 1456, that the Defense authorization bill should not be read to authorize indefinite detention of U.S. citizens captured inside the United States or abroad, lawful resident aliens of the United States captured inside our country or abroad, or any other persons who are captured or arrested in the United States.  On page 655 of the conference report, the compromise amendment, No. 1456, that passed the Senate by a vote of 99 to 1, reads this way, and this is in the conference report of the Defense authorization bill:       Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect      existing law or authorities relating to the detention of      United States citizens, or lawful resident aliens of the      United States, or any other persons who are captured or      arrested in the United States.  What does this mean? This means we have agreed to preserve current law for the three groups specified, as interpreted by our Federal courts, and to leave to the courts the difficult questions of who may be detained by the military, for how long, and under what circumstances.  And the Due Process Guarantee Act will clarify that citizens and lawful permanents cannot be detained without charge or trial if they are apprehended domestically.  I interpret current law to permit the detention of U.S. citizens as ``enemy combatants,'' consistent with the laws of war, only in the very narrow circumstance of a citizen who has taken an active part in hostilities against the United States and is captured outside the United States in an area of ``active combat operations,'' such as the battlefields of Afghanistan. This was the Supreme Court's narrow holding in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld in 2004.  I am sorry to say that Hamdi has been mischaracterized in this body. Whether Congress should grant the President more expansive powers of detention or act to curtail the powers identified by the Supreme Court in Hamdi is a question that Congress will continue to debate in the future. And we introduced the Due Process Guarantee Act to help clarify current law: that citizens and lawful permanents cannot be detained without charge or trial if they are apprehended domestically.  I would like to point out the errors in the legal analysis by those who would interpret current law, or this Defense Authorization Act, to authorize the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens without charge or trial, irrespective of where they are captured or under what circumstances.  Let's turn to the Supreme Court's 2004 opinion in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, which has been incorrectly cited by others for the proposition that the 2001 AUMF permits indefinite detention of American citizens regardless of where they are captured.  Hamdi involved a U.S. citizen, Yaser Esam Hamdi, who took up arms on behalf of the Taliban and was captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan and turned over to U.S. forces. The Supreme Court's opinion in that case was a muddled decision by a four-vote plurality that recognized the power of the government to detain U.S. citizens captured in such circumstances as ``enemy combatants'' for some period, but otherwise repudiated the government's broad assertions of executive authority to detain citizens without charge or trial.  In particular, the Court limited its holding to citizens captured in an area of ``active combat operations'' and concluded that even in those circumstances, the U.S. Constitution and the due process clause guarantees U.S. citizens certain rights, including the ability to challenge their enemy combatant status before an impartial judge. The plurality's opinion stated:       It [the Government] has made clear, however, for the      purposes of this case, the ``enemy combatant'' that it [the      Government] is seeking to detain is an individual who, it      alleges, was ``part of or supporting forces hostile to the      United States or coalition partners'' in Afghanistan, and      who ``engaged in an armed conflict against the     United States'' there. Brief for Respondents 3.  That was all a quote from the plurality opinion, and it continues:       We therefore answer only the narrow question before us:      whether the detention of citizens falling within that      definition is authorized.  The opinion goes on to say at page 517:       We conclude that the AUMF is explicit congressional      authorization for the detention of individuals--  And here it is--     in the narrow category we describe. . . . And the narrow      category they describe is one who is part of forces hostile      to the U.S. on the battlefield of Afghanistan. Indeed, the      plurality later emphasized that it was discussing a citizen      captured on the battlefield. In responding to Justice      Scalia's dissenting opinion, the plurality opinion says:       Justice Scalia largely ignores the context of this case: a      United States citizen captured in a foreign combat zone.  The plurality italicized and emphasized the word ``foreign'' in that sentence.  Thus, to the extent the Hamdi case permits the government to detain a U.S. citizen until the end of hostilities, it does so only under a very limited set of circumstances; namely, citizens taking an active part in hostilities who are captured in Afghanistan and who are afforded certain due process protections, at a minimum.  It is also worth noting that amid lingering legal uncertainty regarding whether the government had the authority to detain Hamdi, the Government--this was the Bush administration--saw this and released Hamdi to Saudi Arabia on the condition that he relinquish his U.S. citizenship.  As a result, I don't regard the Supreme Court's decision in Hamdi as providing any compelling support for broad assertions of legal authority to detain U.S. citizens without trial. Certainly, the case provides no support for the indefinite detention of citizens captured inside the United States.  Let me go back to something. In 1971, the Congress passed, and Richard Nixon signed into law, a Non-Detention Act to preclude this very possibility. That act was intended in large measure to put the wrongs of Japanese internment during World War right. It provides simply:       No citizen shall be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the      United States except pursuant to an act of Congress.  I very much agree with the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, which held in the case of Padilla v. Rumsfeld that:       [W]e conclude that clear congressional authorization is      required for detentions of American citizens on American soil      because . . . the Non-Detention Act . . . prohibits such      detentions absent specific congressional authorization.  The Second Circuit went on to say that the 2001 AUMF ``is not such an authorization and no exception to [the Non-Detention Act] otherwise exists.''  The Fourth Circuit came to a different conclusion when it took up Padilla's case, but its analysis turned entirely on disputed claims that ``Padilla associated with forces hostile to the U.S. Government in Afghanistan'' and, ``like Hamdi,'' and this is a quote, ``Padilla took up arms against United States forces in that country in the same way and to the same extent as did Hamdi.''  To help resolve this apparent dispute between the circuits, I believe we need to pass the Due Process Guarantee Act that my cosponsors and I are introducing today.  I would like to add Senator Bill Nelson of Florida as a cosponsor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. McCaskill). Without objection, it is so ordered.  