 1125, which will limit mandatory military custody to terrorists captured outside the United States. This amendment is cosponsored by Senators Leahy, Durbin, Udall, Kirk, Lee, Harkin and Webb.  This is a very simple amendment. It adds only one word--the word ``abroad''--to section 1032 of the underlying bill. I strongly believe if it is not broke, do not fix it. The ability to have maximum flexibility in the United States is very important, and I totally support the Executive having that flexibility.  This bill creates a presumption that members or parts of al-Qaida or associated forces will be held in the military system. That is what concerns me because the military system has not produced very well over the last 10 years.  I want to take a moment to contrast some cases.  On this chart, we have sentences--five of them from military commissions and five or six from Federal courts. The Federal courts have actually convicted over the last 10, 11 years not 300 people but 400 people.  Military commissions are limited to some six convictions. Let's take a look at what they are.  A very famous one is Salim Hamdan because he brought a Supreme Court case. He was bin Laden's driver. He was acquitted of conspiracy and only convicted of material support for terrorism. He received a 5-month sentence by the military commission and was sent back to his home in Yemen to serve the time before being released in January of 2009.  No. 2: David Hicks entered into a plea on material support for terrorism and was given a 9-month sentence, mostly served back home in Australia.  Omar Khadr pled guilty in exchange of an 8-year sentence, but he will likely be transferred to a Canadian prison.  Ibrahim Ahmed Mahmoud al-Qosi pled guilty to conspiracy and material support to terrorism. His final sentence was 2 years pursuant to a plea deal.  Noor Uthman Muhammed pled guilty to conspiracy and material support to terrorism. His final sentence will be less than 3 years pursuant to his plea agreement.  Ali Hamza al-Bahlul received a life sentence after he boycotted the entire commission process.  On the other hand, you have sentences from the Federal courts.  You have Richard Reid, the Shoe Bomber--life in prison.  ``Blind Sheik'' Omar Abdel Rahman--life in prison for the plot to bomb New York City.  Twentieth Hijacker Zacarias Moussaoui--life in prison.  Ramzi Yousef--life in prison for the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and the Manila Air plot.  Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab--probably life in prison; will be sentenced in January 2012.  Najibullah Zazi--potential life in prison. This is the man, with conspirators, who was going to bomb the New York subway.  There is definitive evidence that is irrefutable that the Federal courts have done a much better job than the military commissions.  Why this constant press, that if it is not broke we are going to fix it anyway, I do not understand. Why the constant push to put people in military custody rather than provide the flexibility so that evidence can be evaluated quickly? This person will get life in a Federal court versus an inability or a problem in a military commission or vice versa. I think the Executive should have that.  I think the last 10 years have clearly shown that this country is safer than it has ever been. Terrorists are behind bars where they belong and plots have been thwarted, so the system is working.  This amendment would make clear that under section 1032, U.S. Armed Forces are only required to hold a suspected terrorist in military custody when he is captured abroad. All the amendment does is add one word--that is the word ``abroad''--to make clear that the military will not be roaming our streets looking for suspected terrorists. The amendment does not remove the President's ability to use the option of military detention or prosecution inside the United States.  The administration has threatened to veto this bill, and has said:       [It] strongly objects to the military custody provision of      section 1032 [because it] would tie the hands of our      intelligence and law enforcement professionals.  Perhaps, most importantly, addressing the issue of this amendment specifically, on November 15, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta wrote this:       The failure of the revised text to clarify that section      1032 applies to individuals captured abroad . . . may      needlessly complicate efforts by frontline law enforcement      professionals to collect critical intelligence concerning      operations and activities within the United States.  The Director of National Intelligence, Jim Clapper, also wrote a letter on November 23, to say that he opposes the detainee provisions of this bill because they could--and I quote--``restrict the ability of our nation's intelligence professionals to acquire valuable intelligence and prevent future terrorist attacks.''  The administration suggested this change to the Armed Services Committee, but it was rejected. So the administration has had to threaten a veto on the bill. Who knows whether they will. I certainly do not know. This amendment limiting mandatory military custody to detainees outside the United States is a major improvement to the bill, and I ask my colleagues to support it.  I have a very hard time because I have watched detainees carefully as part of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and we are doing a study on the detention and treatment of high-value detainees. This has been going on for 2 years now. It is going to be a 4,000-page document, and it is going to be classified. But it will document what was actually done with each of the high-value detainees and what was learned from them. It shows some very interesting things. But the upshot of all of this is that we should keep military custody to people arrested abroad and have the wide option in this country, which is the case now, and not mandate--mandate--that military custody and military commission trial must be for everyone arrested in the United States.  You will hear that anyone who comes to the United States who carries out a criminal act, a terrorist act under the laws of war, should be subject to military custody. The problem is, 10 years of experience has not worked. How many years' experience do we need? How many sentences--six cases--and this is all there is in 10 years.  I know the other side got very upset when Abdulmutallab was Mirandized. The fact of the matter is, every belief is Abdulmutallab is going to do a life sentence in a Federal prison, put away somewhere in a place where he cannot escape and where the treatment is very serious.  I have, again, a hard time knowing why if it is not broke we need to fix it, and why we need to subject everybody who might be arrested in this country to a record that is like this: 5-month sentence, 9-month sentence, 8-year sentence, 2-year sentence, 3 years pursuant to a plea agreement, and one life sentence, when you have 400 cases that have been disposed of in a prompt way in a Federal court, who are serving long sentences in Federal prison.  I wish to hold the remainder of my time and have an opportunity to respond to the distinguished chairman and ranking member.  