 President, I come to the floor today as a Senator from California to speak about how damaging I believe the House continuing resolution would be for the people and economy of my State.  I would first like to begin by expressing my approval that Congress is finally talking about controlling the deficit. I have been on the record for many years about our need to rein in spending, and we are finally moving in the right direction.  I believe that government--in some ways--must adopt some of the discipline of a business. Businesses face tough choices about how to allocate resources. Businesses thrive when there is consistency and a commitment to planning for the future. These are things that have been lacking in our budget process of late. And that needs to change.  The 2-week continuing resolution under which we are currently operating would not work for any business in California, and it does not work for the Federal Government.  That being said, I must add this warning: we cannot balance the budget on the backs of California's families and businesses.  And that, unfortunately, is precisely what the House-passed continuing resolution does.  In short, H.R. 1 is budget-cutting by ideology. If our friends on the other side of the Capitol did not like a program, they cut it. Unfortunately, cutting by this sort of political bias left us with a bill that will slash hundreds of thousands of jobs--700,000 jobs by some economic estimates--and many of those in the private sector.  Even worse for my home State of California, the programs that House Republicans chose to cut form the backbone of our job-creation strategy and the heart of many programs on which our working families rely.  Public health and education programs will be especially hard hit.  The budget for community health centers is cut by more than half. In California, these clinics serve 2.8 million patients every year--and formany, they are the only health care option available. These cuts would force clinics to fire 28,000 doctors and staff.  Funding for Head Start is slashed by 14 percent, depriving 24,000 low-income children in California access to early childhood services. Thousands of teachers and staff will lose their jobs and parents will lose a reliable child care option.  And the title X Family Planning Program is completely eliminated. For California, that means 1.2 million individuals lose health care, counseling and education services. And this ends the program that has been credited with preventing more than 400,000 abortions in 2008 more than 80,000 of those in California.  H.R. 1 would also sacrifice tens of thousands of California jobs. We have the second-highest unemployment rate in the Nation, and this bill will send us in the wrong direction.  Two key priorities for California are in the crosshairs: our clean energy sector and the modernization of our aging infrastructure. And both of these are proven job-creators.  A vital Energy Department loan program will be lost, cutting $40 billion worth of investment. By ending this one program, California developers will be forced to halt 24 projects, killing 76,000 jobs.  Funding for energy research and development will be slashed by $1.9 billion, meaning a loss of more than $200 million for California's laboratories and universities. That means a direct loss of 9,400 jobs and enduring damage to our leadership as a global innovator.  Funding for a high-speed rail initiative will be eliminated, and $1 billion already sent to California will be rescinded. This would likely end California's hopes for a high-speed rail line, and in the process eliminate 20,000 future jobs.  The bill also rescinds funding for nationally significant transportation infrastructure investments. For California, this ends six projects totaling $59 million, including a Los Angeles metro line and a rail project at the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach.  As the economy continues its fragile recovery, we simply cannot afford to make dramatic spending cuts driven purely by political ideology. Unfortunately, this is the approach employed by House Republicans.  I support a different course in the Senate. I believe we must pair responsible, targeted spending cuts with smart investments that will support California and the Nation's economic recovery, preserve jobs and protect families.  The Senate bill, introduced last week, takes a more pragmatic approach. Like the Republican plan, the Senate bill imposes significant spending cuts, but it does so through prudent action that will not jeopardize our Nation's economic recovery.  The Senate bill cuts $51 billion from the President's fiscal year 2011 budget request, eliminates earmarks and advances additional spending cuts proposed by the President for fiscal year 2012. However, in contrast to the House bill, this legislation continues support for critical health, infrastructure, education, and energy investments, and provides necessary funding for essential services the American people depend upon every day.  Yes, Mr. President, we need to rein in spending. But we can't do that if we use a political litmus test to pick and choose which programs to cut.  I encourage my colleagues to join with me in opposition to these short-sighted and damaging budget cuts.  