  Proponents of the first-to-file argue that the rest of the world follows this system and making this change will harmonize our system with theirs, and that is true. But under our first-to-invent system, our Nation has been by far the leader in the field of innovation, the leader in the field of new patents, new discoveries, new inventions. The other first-to-file countries have been playing catchup with our technological advances. I wouldn't trade our record of innovation for any of theirs, and I doubt many Members of this body disagree with me if they really think about it.  Think about the history of innovation. What sets America apart is so many of our great inventions start out in small garages and labs, with driven, inspired people who have great ideas, develop them, and then they take off. I mentioned companies that have started this way yesterday, including Hewlett Packard, Apple, and Google, and there are hundreds and perhaps thousands of others. They started from humble beginnings, and they grew spectacularly, creating jobs for millions of Americans and lifting up our economy and standard of living.  I know an inventor who invented Skyy vodka. The vodka he drank disturbed his stomach, so he figured out biologically and chemically what it was, and he invented a vodka called Skyy vodka--a small inventor. I think that company was subsequently sold for a great deal of money. But it started with one man who had a stomachache from drinking vodka.  Now, this may be just one type of example, but Apple is certainly another example. It started in a garage many years ago in California, and out of that emerged this giant company. So these companies started from humble beginnings. They grew. This created jobs for millions of Americans. They lifted our economy and our standard of living.  The National Small Business Association is a supporter of this amendment, and just last week other small business inventor groups have joined them in saying that first-to-file ``disrupts the unique American start-up ecosystem that has led to America's standing as the global innovation leader.''  First-to-invent has served our country well. Here are the main problems, as I see them, with the bill's first-to-file system: First, the grace period. It ``guts'' the current grace period, in the words of a letter from 108 startups and small businesses that protect inventors' rights to their inventions for 1 year from offering them for sale or making a public use of them, among other things, before they have to file a patent application with the Patent Office. So there is this 1-year grace period for them to get their act together.  Now, under the present system, instead of preparing a costly patent filing, they can concentrate on developing their invention and obtaining necessary funding.  The majority leader just circulated a statement to Members which speaks to this grace period. I wish to quote one part of that statement:       The grace period comports with the reality of small entity      financing through friends, family, possible patent licensees,      and venture capitalists. The grace period allows small      inventors to have conversations about their invention and to      line up funding before going to the considerable expense of      filing a patent application.  The grace period allows them to not have to race to the Patent Office because they are afraid somebody else might have heard the conversation, might have stolen it from them, and moved on.  Senator Reid goes on:       In fact, in many ways, the one-year grace period helps      improve patent quality--inventors find out which ideas can      attract capital, and focus their efforts on those ideas,      dropping along the way other ideas and inventions that don't      attract similar interest and may not therefore be      commercially meaningful.  So this first-to-file essentially replaces this critical innovation-protecting provision with a more limited and murky grace period that only runs from the undefined term of ``disclosure.'' There is no discovery. Litigation is sure to ensue as courts interpret this term, creating uncertainty that I believe will chill investment in startups which in turn will damper innovation and job growth.  Unfortunately, first-to-file incentivizes inventors to race to the Patent Office, to protect as many of their ideas as soon as possible, so that they are not beaten to the punch by a rival. Thus, first-to-file will likely result in significant overfiling of dead-end inventions, unnecessarily burdening both the Patent Office and especially small inventors.  The third reason, difficulty of proving copying. The third major problem with this bill's system is the difficulty of proving that someone copied an invention. Currently, you as a first inventor can prove that you were first by presenting evidence that is in your control--this is under first-to-invent--your own records contemporaneously documenting the development of your invention. But under this bill, to prove that someone else's patent application came from you, was derived from you, you would have to submit documents showing this copying. Because there is no discovery, you wouldn't have those documents in your possession, so it makes proving your invention much more difficult. The bill doesn't provide for any discovery in these ``derivation proceedings.'' Therefore, the first inventor can't prove his or her claim because he or she does not have access to the documents of the alleged copier.  