 President, I rise to remember the life and to honor the legacy of a remarkable woman--an advocate for breast cancer research and awareness, a philanthropist, a savvy businesswoman, an accomplished photographer and author, a wife, a mother, a grandmother, and a dear friend, Evelyn Lauder.  Evelyn lost her courageous battle with ovarian cancer on Saturday. She is survived by her husband of 52 years, Leonard Lauder; her sons, William and Gary; and five grandchildren.  In many ways, her life parallels the familiar immigrant story of 20th-century America. It is the story of a woman who escaped Nazi Europe, voyaged to the United States of America, and proceeded to enrich this country in countless ways.  Evelyn Hausner was born on August 12, 1936, in Vienna. She was the only child of Ernest and Mimi Hausner. When Hitler annexed Austria in 1938, the family fled to Belgium with just a few sentimental belongings. Later, the family relocated to England during the Blitz.  In England, Evelyn's mother was sent to an internment camp on the Isle of Man. Evelyn was sent to live in a nursery. Eventually the family was reunited, and in 1940 they set sail for New York City.  Evelyn often told a story about arriving in New York Harbor at the dawn of the Second World War. She said:       My mother woke me up really early in the morning to see the      Statue of Liberty. That's a sight I will remember all my      life.  She fell in love with New York that morning and would give back to her adopted city for the next seven decades.  She was a proud product of the New York City public school system. As a freshman at Hunter College, she met her future husband on a blind date. Leonard Lauder was the son of Estee and Joseph Lauder, the owners of what then was just a small, family cosmetics business.  Evelyn was a public school teacher for several years, and in 1959 she formally joined Estee Lauder, pitching in wherever she was needed. As the company grew to become an international conglomerate, so, too, did Evelyn's role and influence. She held many different positions at the company over the years.  One of the earliest projects she tackled was to create the company's training programs. She enhanced the Estee Lauder product lineup by adding new colors and products that appealed to a range of complexions and skin types. She had great instincts about new trends, about the needs of a consumer, and about the development of skin care and cosmetics. In fact, it was Evelyn who helped launch the name ``the Clinique brand.''  In the last 25 years, she focused on fragrance--a lifelong passion she shared with her famous mother-in-law that stemmed from her love of flowers and gardening.  In 1999 and again in 2007, she was recognized as one of New York's 100 Most Influential Women in Business by Crain's New York Business.  Evelyn was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1989 and soon became a tireless advocate for women's health. True to form, she was reluctant to publicly discuss her own condition. ``My situation doesn't really matter,'' she told a reporter in 1995. Instead, she chose to channel her energy and attention into helping raise money and educate women with less access and information about the disease. In 1989, as a member of the board of overseers at Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, she initiated a fundraising drive that raised more than $18 million to establish the Evelyn H. Lauder Breast Center, the country's first ever breast and diagnostic center. 