 President, I have been on the Judiciary Committee for 18 years. I have never heard a harsher statement about a brilliant young man than I have just heard. During those 18 years, I have seen the standards for appointment change rather dramatically. I have seen a search engine develop on the Republican side to go out and find anything and everything an individual may have written, and then compile a dossier, almost like one would of a criminal, and then characterize and depict the individual in the terms they wish to do.  I regret this, and I hope to lay out how the Democratic side, with a number of nominees, has not done the same thing. But to see a young man with the credentials Goodwin Liu carries belittled in the way he has been belittled in these hearings and also on this floor really upsets me.  This man is a professor of law and the former associate dean of one of the 10 best law schools in America. He is a nationally recognized constitutional scholar. He is a truly brilliant legal mind. I have every confidence in his intellectual firepower, his integrity, and his even-keeled demeanor, and I believe it will make him a fine judge.  Let me tell my colleagues a little about his background. He was born in Augusta, GA. He is the son of Taiwanese immigrants who were recruited to America to provide medical services in rural areas.  He attended public schools in Clewiston, FL, and in Sacramento, CA. He first struggled to learn English and master vocabulary but, ultimately, he graduated co-valedictorian from Rio Americano High School in Sacramento.  He was admitted to Stanford University, my alma mater. He graduated Phi Beta Kappa. He received numerous awards for his contributions to the university, and he was elected co-president of the student body. Pretty good.  He received a Rhodes scholarship. He graduated with a master's degree from Oxford University. He attended Yale Law School. Once again, he was at the top of his class. He was editor of the Yale Law Journal. He won the prize for the best team argument in the moot court competition and won awards for the best academic paper by a third-year law student and the best paper in the field of tax law.  He received prestigious judicial clerkships with Circuit Judge David Tatel on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit and then with Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the U.S. Supreme Court.  He worked in the Department of Education as a special assistant to the Deputy Secretary of the United States of the U.S. Department of Education.  He spent 2 years in private practice at O'Melveny & Myers, which is a prestigious law firm--not a minor firm, a major firm--where he handled commercial matters, including antitrust, insurance, and class action cases. Appellate law comprised roughly half his practice.  Finally, in 2003, he accepted a tenure-track position on the faculty of Boalt Hall School of Law. At Boalt, he quickly established himself as one of our most astute legal scholars, with specialties in constitutional law, the Supreme Court, education law, and education policy.  He published articles in the Yale Law Journal, the Stanford Law Review, the California Law Review, the Iowa Law Review, the Harvard Law and Policy Review, and many other academic journals.  He received the Education Law Association's Steven S. Goldberg Award for Distinguished Scholarship in Education Law, and he was elected into membership of the American Law Institute.  In 2008, his colleagues on the faculty of Boalt selected him as their associate dean. In 2009, the University of California at Berkeley awarded him their Distinguished Teaching Award, the highest award for teaching across the entire university.  I believe he holds a deep appreciation for what opportunities our country affords. I believe his background and his legal prowess are fitting for him to become an appellate court judge. When one speaks with him about his family and upbringing, one gains a sense of him as someone who loves this country and bears an abiding belief that ours is a land of opportunity and a place where everyone has a chance to learn and grow and to thrive.  Some of my colleagues have questioned a number of his writings and his temperament, and what figures very formidably, as I have talked to the Republican side, is particularly testimony he gave on the confirmation of Justice Alito. What he did was provide a long analysis of Alito's opinions and then at the end he used a rhetorical flourish that was, quite frankly, misguided. He strung together a series of facts from cases Alito had decided and then made a statement that I believe he very much regrets. It was over the top. But he has acknowledged it, he has been forthright, and he has apologized.  Before the Senate Judiciary Committee he said:       What troubles me most is that the passage has an ad hominem      quality that is unfair and hurtful. I regret having written      this passage.  He said if he had to do it again: ``I would have deleted it.''  It was a mistake--no question about it--but a mistake should not color this man's entire record.  I wish to read from two letters we received in the Senate from people who knew and know Goodwin Liu well, not just for a moment but for years. The first was sent to us jointly by three successive presidents of Stanford University. I have never seen a letter on behalf of a nominee from three different presidents of a university of the quality of Stanford.  Donald Kennedy was president when Goodwin Liu was a student at Stanford. He worked with Liu at the Haas Center for Public Service and was present when Liu won not only the Dinkelspiel Award, which is the university's highest award for undergraduate service, but also the James W. Lyons Dean Award for Service and the President's Award for Academic Excellence.  Gerhard Casper is president emeritus of Stanford and currently provost at the University of Chicago. He knows Liu both as a Stanford alum as well as a colleague in the field of constitutional law. He is familiar with Liu, as, in his own words, ``a measured interpreter of the Constitution.''  Finally, John Hennessy is Stanford's current President. He describes Liu as insightful, hardworking, collegial, and of the highest ethical standards.  Together, these three presidents of the university wrote the following:       Goodwin Liu as a student, scholar and trustee, has      epitomized the goal of Stanford's founders, which was to      promote the public welfare by exercising an influence on      behalf of humanity and civilization, teaching the blessings      of liberty, regulated by law, and inculcating love and      reverence for the great principles of government as derived      from the inalienable rights of man to life, liberty, and the      pursuit of happiness.  It is a fitting and, I believe, an accurate tribute.  We have one of the most brilliant legal scholars of our time. There is a majority here to confirm him. We know that. But, unfortunately, the minority is trying to use cloture to prevent us from ever casting a vote to confirm him.  Let me turn to another letter. This one is from eight top executives of major American companies, including Yahoo, General Atlantic, Morgan Stanley, and Google. They have all worked closely with Liu on the Stanford board of trustees. They wrote to say the following:       Even in a room full of highly accomplished leaders, Goodwin      is impressive. He is insightful, constructive, and a good      listener. Moreover, he possesses a remarkably even      temperament. His demeanor is unfailingly respectful and open-     minded, never dogmatic or inflexible.  Goodwin's strengths, they said:     . . . are exactly what we expect in a judge: objectivity,      independence, respect for differing views, sound judgment.  We know the American Bar Association has unanimously rated him ``well qualified'' for the U.S. court of appeals, and his background is similar to many who have been confirmed to the circuit court in the past. But some on the other side, nevertheless, say he is too young and he doesn't have judicial experience, or his credentials are not right.  For those who ask for a judicial record to review, I would ask, what about Edward Chen? We considered Judge Chen's nomination last week. He was a district court nominee with a 10-year judicial record. He had written more than 350 published opinions, and the minority didn't criticize one. But most in the minority voted against his nomination anyway. So a judicial record doesn't get it done.  Then there is the criticism based on age or other qualifications. But Liu's qualifications surpass those of many we have confirmed under Republican Presidents.  Since 1980, the Senate has confirmed 14 circuit court nominees who were under the age of 40. That means they were all younger than Liu is now. All 14 were nominated and confirmed during Republican administrations.  Let me give two examples. Judge Kimberly Moore sits on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. She was nominated by President Bush at the age of 38. She had 2 years of experience as a law clerk, less than 4 years in private practice, and 6 years as a professor at three different law schools. The Senate confirmed her unanimously.  Judge Harvey Wilkinson is a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. He was nominated by President Reagan at the age of 39. He had 1 year experience as a law clerk, 3 years as a newspaper editor, 1 year of government practice, and 5 years as a professor. He was confirmed.  Judge Brett Kavanaugh, who now sits on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, also comes to mind. He was 38 when he was nominated. Unlike Liu, he had little track record to review and much of the record that did exist was partisan. He had been a law clerk for 3 years, spent 3 years in private practice, and spent the remainder of his career in the Solicitor General's Office, Ken Starr's Office of Independent Counsel, and the Bush White House. When the ABA conducted its reviews, many troubling reports were received, but I voted for cloture, as did many of my colleagues on this side, and he was confirmed.  Professors are hardly a new game for us when it comes to judicial nominees.  John Rogers is a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. At the time President Bush nominated him, he had only 4 years of practice experience, no appellate clerkships, and had spent the remainder of his career as a professor. He was confirmed by the Senate by a voice vote.  Finally, there is Michael McConnell from the State of Utah. President Bush nominated Professor McConnell for the Tenth Circuit. At the time, he had been a constitutional law professor for 16 years and his writings contained scores of controversial thoughts, ideas, and provocations. In reviewing McConnell's record, many of us on the Democratic side found writing after writing that we strongly disagreed with. McConnell had repeatedly stated that Roe v. Wade was wrongly decided. He called the Supreme Court decision ``a grave legal error'' and ``an embarrassment.''  He wrote that the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act and the Violence Against Women Act were unconstitutional. He criticized a Supreme Court decision barring racial discrimination at tax-exempt schools and one prohibiting sex discrimination in civic associations. He called the fundamental guarantee of one person, one vote ``wrong in principle.''  But similar to Professor Liu, he made clear in the Senate confirmation process that he understood the difference between the role of a professor and the role of a judge. Here is what he said when asked about all of his writings:       I have a whole bunch of writings out there that were      provocative, and innovative, and taking a different view.      Well, within--my academic colleagues understand that that's      what we do. If you try to make those look as though they are      legal analysis, as if they were what a lawyer thinks the law      is, of course they don't reflect the law. They're not meant      to. They're not a description of the law.  Professor Michael McConnell, Senate Judiciary Committee, September 18, 2002.  He then assured us he would apply the law as written, not as put forward in academic theory. Guess what. Hewas confirmed to the Tenth Circuit by voice vote. There was no cloture vote. He was confirmed by voice vote because the Democrats on this side of the aisle believed he would do just what he said. I don't understand why this same situation is not accorded to this brilliant young American.  Today, we have Professor Liu before us. He has also written article after article as a law professor and people have disagreed with some of what he has written.  Here is what he said:       I think that there's a clear difference between what things      people write as scholars and how one would approach the role      of a judge. And those two are very different things. As      scholars, we are paid, in a sense, to question the boundaries      of the law, to raise new theories, to be provocative in ways      that it's simply not the role of a judge to be. The role of      the judge is to faithfully follow the law as it is written      and as it is given by the Supreme Court. And there is no room      for invention or creation of new theories. That's simply not      the role of the judge.  A very similar statement. It was made by Goodwin Liu before the Senate Judiciary Committee, April 16, 2010.  Professor McConnell went through by voice vote. The same kind of situation--voice vote--yet we may be prevented from even taking a vote on Professor Liu's nomination because he may not get a supermajority for cloture. I must say, what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.  Professor Liu, like Professor McConnell, is a brilliant legal mind. He has written extensively. He has been absolutely clear that if confirmed he would follow not any academic theory or writing, but the law as it is written and handed down by the U.S. Supreme Court. We took Professor McConnell at his word. Professor Liu deserves the same treatment.  (