 President, I rise to thank the Senator. Once again, it has been a great pleasure to work with him. I do think we have a lot of this bill in common, but we do have some points of difference, and I want to say a little bit about my point of difference.  I very much want to leave a world for my grandchildren where there is not danger from nuclear weapons or nuclear fuels, and today I don't believe I can say we have achieved that. The ranking member was correct, the head of the NRC did testify in his view the hot rods were safe for 100 years in those spent fuel pools. Well, you know, there were problems with spent fuel pools at Fukushima. I think, as life goes on, we are going to see more of that.  We know cladding has to be improved. We know that, perhaps, the design basis of a new nuclear reactor has to meet events which are not necessarily predicted. Who would have thought a 47-foot tsunami would hit Fukushima? But it happened.  I am in California. We are in the ring of fire. Sure enough, there have been earthquakes in the southern tip of South America, in Asia, in Christchurch, New Zealand, going right around. These have been very large earthquakes, approaching 9, and the concern is, what happens next. So I think safety is a very real problem, and I think as we appropriate monies we should be concerned with safety.  Spent fuel pools were designed to harbor hot rods for a relatively short period of time. The rods can be moved 5 to 7 years out, and then they are generally moved into passive storage and the dry casks. The dry casks, it was thought, would be transported to repositories--either permanent repositories or repositories on a regional basis--under the supervision of the Federal Government.  I always felt that affecting that was an extraordinary challenge for us and particularly when I learned we were being fined an egregious amount of money because we can't do that every year. So my view is, we have to get cracking and move that on, and the five things we have in the bill I think all take us to a much safer place with respect to nuclear activities.  With respect to the small modular nuclear reactors, what they are is essentially less than 300 megawatts modular small actors. I understand there are still problems with the cladding. But what was asked for was $192 million, not alone but a proposal to essentially subsidize up to 50 percent of the licensing costs of financial and technically viable corporations. These aren't small corporations; they are big corporations, and the Department would have to pick two winners for the subsidy. That would leave at least five American companies out. This is a restricted bid. It doesn't include everybody. It includes only one kind of reactor--light water reactor. Who knows. Maybe others of the five are as viable.  So firms not receiving assistance would be substantially disadvantaged. The likely winners include these companies: Babcock and Wilcox, I have nothing against them, 2010 revenues exceeding $2.6 billion--can't they afford their own licensing certification fees?--and Westinghouse, owned by the Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, which has $64 billion in assets and more than 200,000 employees.  In other sectors, we don't invest Federal dollars to help profitable private companies obtain safety licenses. We don't help Ford comply with crash test regulations, nor do we pay for Boeing to obtain FAA certification. So before we commit these moneys, we should seriously evaluate whether any company would change its decision about pursuing a license because of this.  So I am kind of at a different point in looking at subsidies. I think most subsidies by the Federal Government should just go, wherever they are--oil, gas, nuclear, ag, you name it--at a time when we should not be subsidizing private industry.  There is also a fundamental contradiction in the nuclear industry's argument for funding small modular reactor licensing. On one hand, the industry argues that the market will be enormous, and we can't afford to fall behind international competitors. On the other hand, these same industry experts argue they will not develop and license a product unless government pays them to apply for an NRC license. They argue that the United States must provide each firm with more than $200 million to motivate them to pursue this business.  The bottom line, the small modular reactor cannot be both a massive economic opportunity, with the potential to change the way we power our economy, and an opportunity that industry will not pursue unless the government pays them to do that.  So I have real questions about funding this item. We will have more to say about it as this goes on. I know it is popular. If there were a spent fuel policy, if we knew we were going to go for regional repositories, that there was some limit to the storage of fuel at a site--74 sites now, and with advanced modular reactors this is more because many people think the only way this can be cost competitive is you have to group these two together. So in a given site, you would have five or six small reactors, but you would have the same spent fuel problem. It seems to me we need a place to put spent fuel. I am not opposed to nuclear if we can properly take care of its waste.  I wanted to respond when my distinguished ranking member raised this. We have had one meeting with the chairman of the Energy Committee, the ranking member of the Energy Committee, Senator Alexander, and myself to discuss how to proceed toward a nuclear storage policy. I think we need to continue this. We are going to ask the Secretary in to talk with us in December, and Senator Alexander has been great in doing this--put forward a little agenda of how to proceed toward this so I know he is, in fact, in good faith suggesting it, and I do. He has always been a straight shooter.  But it is just very hard for me to go ahead and say, OK, we are going to promote a whole new class of nuclear reactors when we don't have a place to dispose of hot spent fuels that will be hot and dangerous for literally hundreds of years. If we can move fast, I am all for it.  I know the Senator wants to respond, and I welcome the debate.  