 I believe he is accurate in everything he said, and I very much appreciate his stalwart support.  I rise to add my support to the nomination of U.S. Magistrate Judge Edward Chen to become a U.S. district judge in the Northern District of California. I recommended Judge Chen to the President, so obviously he has my strong support.  I wish to tell my colleagues a little bit about him. He was born and raised in Oakland, and he is the son of Chinese immigrants. His father immigrated to the United States in the 1920s, and that was followed by his mother in the 1930s. He attended public schools in Oakland and then went on to the University of California at Berkeley, where he received his undergraduate degree with great distinction, and then on to Boalt Hall School of Law, where he graduated in the top 10 percent of his class.  He was a law clerk to District Judge Charles Renfrew on the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, as well as to Circuit Judge James Browning on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. He then began his legal career as a litigator, first at the private law firm of Coblentz, Patch, Duffy, and Bass and later as a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union.  In 2001, he was appointed to be a U.S. magistrate judge for the Northern District of California, and he has served in that capacity for the past 10 years.  So today Judge Chen is a solid, tested, and respected judge with over a decade of experience on the Federal bench. In these 10 years as a judge, he has written more than 350 published opinions. I would point out that not one of those opinions has been criticized by anyone in the 20 months this nomination has been awaiting action in the Senate. Nor has there been any criticism of any of his published opinions.  In fact, there is a broad consensus among those who have reviewed his judicial record that he is indeed a very good judge.  He was recommended to me by a bipartisan judicial advisory committee. That committee reviewed his record, and spoke with judges, attorneys, and litigants who knew his work as a judge. 