 President, I have served in this body for 19 years, and I will say I have never been more dismayed, more concerned, or more frustrated than I have been these past few days. Every day it gets a little bit worse because day by day our country grows closer to defaulting on our sovereign debt. That is something which has never, ever happened in the history of this country.  The repercussions of this protracted and public debate on whether our government will honor its financial obligations are already evident. This is whatwe know for sure: The stock market has seen several days of decline as investors sell off securities. The United States is at high risk of a credit downgrade. Gold prices are climbing as people try to protect themselves from a rating downgrade and a drop in the value of the dollar. In short, default may well have catastrophic economic consequences domestically and internationally.  What is the message we are communicating to the world? Secretary Clinton told me in an evening conversation I had with her--she had just returned from visiting five countries. She said everybody was asking her: What is wrong in your country? What are you going to do?  This is now a worldwide crisis and one we must address. What we are seeing here is, in a sense, a broken government that can't take care of the affairs of its people in a prudent and practical way.  It is absolutely amazing to me that 20 to 70 Members of the House of Representatives believe they can run the government of the United States despite the fact that the Presidency and the majority in the U.S. Senate are controlled by another party. Essentially, they appear willing to allow this great Nation to default rather than compromise and reach a practical solution.  What are the consequences of default for American families? For sure, default would raise interest rates, driving up costs for everyone. For sure, the cost of owning a home, buying a car, buying food, filling a gas tank, and sending children to college will become even more expensive. It will squeeze already tight family budgets and damage this fragile economy. Many people predict a second dip recession. In essence, default causes an immediate tax increase in the form of these rising interest rates on families.  The talk of default is disrupting financial markets and will trigger a sharp fall in the stock market, causing huge losses in retirement accounts and wiping out the gains of 2 years. This morning, I saw a TV story about a man who was selling his mutual funds because he has no confidence in our ability to resolve this crisis--not a good thing to do.  Higher interest rates will also drive up costs for both the Federal and State governments because every 1 percent increase in interest payments for the Federal Government means an additional $100 billion cost to the government. A default will be devastating for State governments that would see their borrowing costs dramatically increase because their ability to borrow is tied to the interest rates paid by the Federal Government.  The cost of borrowing for States, for municipalities, and for local water districts will all rise. Let me give you an example. My own State of California recently took out a $5.4 billion loan from five major investment banks ahead of a possible default to ensure itself against rising interest rates. Here is the sixth largest economy on Earth worried that their interest rates are going to jump, so they take out a $5 billion loan from investment banks to be able to meet any increased interest on obligations owed.  For the broader economy, default would mean hundreds of thousands of jobs lost every year, according to the Federal Reserve. Chairman Bernanke said:       The economy may be thrown into reverse and employers would      start cutting jobs if Congress fails to raise the Nation's      legal borrowing authority.  I have heard some say that on August 3, the Treasury will still have enough money to meet our obligations and avoid default. That is simply false. According to the Bipartisan Policy Center, the U.S. Government has $306.7 billion in payments due in August and will take in an estimated $172.4 billion in revenue for the month. That is a $134 billion shortfall for the month of August, so the Treasury will not be able to pay its bills. In other words, 44 percent of U.S. Government bills will go unpaid if the Federal Government fails to raise the debt ceiling by the August 2 deadline.  Treasury would be forced to spend all income inflows covering just six major items: interest, Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, unemployment insurance, and defense vendors. That would mean entire Federal Departments would have no funds, including Justice, Labor, and Commerce. It would mean no funds for veterans' benefits, Active-Duty military pay, IRS refunds, special education, Pell grants, and more. There is simply no way to escape it.  Let me give you an example. On the next day, which is August 3, the Treasury will take in $12 billion in revenues, but it will still owe $32 billion in revenues. Let me tell you what that includes. It includes $23 billion in Social Security payments. I understand 45 million checks are ready to go out during those days. It is $2.2 billion for Medicare, $1.8 billion for education, and $1.4 billion for defense.  If the debt ceiling is not raised by August 2 or if we only reach an agreement for a short-term extension, the already-spooked credit rating agencies could react unfavorably. And here is the problem: Do you want to go back to this same situation in 6 months and go through this all over again? It makes no sense. If the marketplace wants stability and constancy, they are clearly not going to get it knowing this is going to be coming up in 6 months again.  Moody's has said it is possible our credit rating would go down with a short-term increase and warned that an agreement should get us through the year 2012. All right, don't pay attention to it, but that warning is out there. It is going to take getting through the year 2012, according to at least one of the rating houses.  Fitch has said a deficit deal must be credible and sustainable or U.S. ratings could still be downgraded. Does anybody believe it is credible and sustainable to do this for 6 months and be right back where we are today? I don't think so.  Standard & Poor's has said it may lower the country's long-term credit rating if it concludes that future adjustments to the debt ceiling are likely to be the subject of political maneuvering--not my words, their words. Do you want to go through this in 6 months again with the same results and creating all of the uncertainty for the 6 months between now and then? I don't think so.  In other words, these rating agencies have very real questions about the willingness and ability of this Congress and the administration to timely honor scheduled debt obligations.  Now, I have to say this--and I have been here for 19 years--I have never seen a time when Republicans just do not want to come to an agreement with this President. The President, I think by any standard, has bent over backward, and still Republicans walk away from the negotiating table. Well, let me tell you, I have done a lot of negotiations in my time with big labor strikes and work stoppages----  I would ask unanimous consent for 5 more minutes.  