 President, I rise to discuss the devastating impact that H.R. 1, the House Republican continuing resolution, would have on women, children, and families nationwide.  House Republicans would eliminate the $317 million title X Family Planning Program, which provides critical health care services to over 5 million Americans each year, including 1.2 million in California.  House Republicans would also exclude Planned Parenthood, which serves over 2.9 million women annually, from Federal funds. These services provide necessary preventive health care including: contraceptive services, education, cancer screening, annual exams, STD and HIV testing, smoking cessation, flu vaccines, and well baby care.  It is ironic for people who do not believe in abortion to propose these cuts, when in fact, through family planning, contraception, and education, title X programs prevented 406,000 abortions nationwide in 2008 alone; 83,600 of those were prevented in California. So by cutting these programs, the numbers of unplanned pregnancies and abortions will increase.  How does this make sense? These cuts are not about deficit reduction. They are biased, politically motivated cuts that will result in increased Federal spending. These cuts hurt women. In California alone, these programs helped save $581 million in public funds in 2008.  Nationwide, title-X supported family planning centers saved taxpayers $3.4 billion in 2008. Every dollar invested in helping women avoid unintended pregnancies is estimated to save taxpayers $4.02. Some might not think these programs are important, but I judge they are.  In the past 3 weeks alone, I have received 28,000 letters urging me to oppose eliminating title X and Planned Parenthood.  Over 153,000 Californians have signed a petition to express their opposition towards defunding Planned Parenthood.  I have heard from uninsured college students, who only make $10,000 a year and cannot afford basic preventive care without title X and Planned Parenthood.  I have heard from outraged constituents who point out title X family planning programs have been in place since1970, and have provided cancer screening, annual exams, and prenatal care for millions of women.  I have heard from young women who went to Planned Parenthood for STD screening and birth control, when they had no other place to go. Half of all pregnancies in the United States every year--about 3 million pregnancies--are unplanned.  I have heard from women pleading with me to preserve Federal funding to Planned Parenthood; telling me that the cancer screenings they received saved their lives. I have heard from women all over my State, whose primary source of health care is a women's health center like Planned Parenthood.  Eliminating this funding will also cause a rise in another epidemic: teen pregnancy. Teen pregnancy costs taxpayers an estimated $9.1 billion annually. Without title X programs in California, teen pregnancy levels would have been almost 40 percent greater.  House Republicans would also eliminate the $110 million Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program, which has the potential to serve 800,000 teens by 2014. In California, the estimated cost from teen pregnancy to taxpayers in 2004 was at least $896 million. From 1991-2004, unintended teen births in California cost taxpayers a total of $17.3 billion.  California has managed, through programs like the Teen Pregnancy Prevention Program, to reduce the rate of teen birth in the State by 46 percent from 1991 to 2004. This saved California taxpayers an estimated $1.1 billion in 2004 alone. The House Republicans plan to slash funding all but guarantees the rate of teen pregnancy will go up, and costs for taxpayers will increase.  Almost 9 in 10 adults believe there should be direct efforts in communities to prevent teen pregnancy. Once again, this is not about deficit reduction; it is about harming women's health, and taking away comprehensive education.  House Republicans would also cut $1.3 billion from Community Health Centers, which is 45.8 percent below fiscal year 2010 levels. Community Health Centers serve over 20 million patients nationwide, who otherwise cannot receive care.  Almost one-third of patients are women of childbearing age, 37 percent are age 19 and under, and 13 percent are children under 6. Ninety two percent of this patient population is low income, meaning they may not have anywhere else to go. With these cuts, 11 million patients are at risk of losing access to primary and preventive care provided by these health centers.  In California, almost 458,000 patients would immediately lose access to care, and $31.8 million in funding would be immediately lost. By defunding the health reform law, House Republicans block critical consumer protections in the law.  The health reform law will decrease costs for everyone, but particularly for women who have been charged more for insurance, simply because of gender. In 2014, insurers will not be able to charge women higher premiums than they charge men. Additionally, the medical loss ratio requires insurance companies to spend at least 80 or 85 percent of premium dollars on actual medical care, not on profits. With these and other benefits in the law, women make great strides towards equality in the insurance market.  The House Republicans plan would allow women to be charged more for insurance than men, and prohibit enforcement of this medical loss ratio requirement. This would allow insurance companies to discriminate against women, charging more for health premiums simply because of gender, while companies continue to rake in enormous profits.  The assault on women's health from Republicans in the House is astounding to me. Obliterating family planning services that have been around for 40 years, slashing teen pregnancy prevention, prohibiting funds for primary health services is nothing short of irresponsible.  We need to look carefully at our spending and we need to make cuts, but those cuts can't be politically motivated and they shouldn't put us at risk of another recession. I do not support any biased cuts that harm women and children.  