 President, I rise in support of the nomination of California Superior Court Judge Edward Davila to be a U.S. district judge in the Northern District of California.  If confirmed, Judge Davila would bring a wealth of relevant experience to the district court. Since 2001, he has served as a superior court judge in Santa Clara County. He has presided over more than 10,000 cases--both civil and criminal--and has seen more than 50 cases from trial to final judgment.  He is a seasoned lawyer who also has more than 20 years of litigation experience under his belt. For 13 years, Judge Davila tried criminal cases as a partner at his own law firm in San Jose. For 7 years before that, he worked as a deputy public defender for Santa Clara County. In total, during his two decades as a litigator, he tried more than 45 cases to verdict or judgment.  Beyond his professional experience, Judge Davila has also been a devoted member of the Santa Clara community. He is a former president of the Santa Clara County Bar Association as well as the Santa Clara County La Raza Lawyers Association. He has taught trial advocacy at Stanford Law School, the University of San Francisco School of Law, and the University of Santa Clara School of Law. And he has made it a longstanding practice to teach local high school students about the criminal justice system through mock trials in his courtroom.  Judge Davila's confirmation would also bring much needed diversity to a court with broad reach in California. There are currently 18 active and senior district judges in the Northern District of California, but not a single one is of Latino or Hispanic descent. Judge Davila's confirmation would correct this imbalance. I am pleased to support his nomination, and I strongly urge my colleagues to confirm him.  Finally, I want to say a word about the caseload in this district. Lastweek, the Judicial Conference of the United States sent a letter to the President and the leadership of the Senate calling attention to a handful of courts with severe caseload problems.  The Northern District is one of these courts. Last year, the district's judges carried a caseload of nearly 600 weighted filings per judgeship--far above the recommended level. With two vacancies unfilled, that caseload rose to more than 700 weighted filings per active judge.  These vacancies did not exist for lack of a nominee. The President nominated Judge Davila in May of last year. He was reported out of the Judiciary Committee without objection, but he is only now receiving a vote. Another very qualified nominee for this court, Magistrate Judge Edward Chen, was nominated in August of 2009. He has been reported out of the Judiciary Committee twice but still has not received a vote on the floor.  Today's vote on Judge Davila's nomination is a step in the right direction. I urge my colleagues to support him, and I hope that we can continue to work together to ensure that our Federal courts have the judges they need to administer justice fairly and in a timely manner for the American people.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  