 President, I come to the floor as the chair of the Intelligence Committee of the Senate and also as a member of the Judiciary Committee, so I have been part of the PATRIOT Act and the FISA Act discussions.  Let me clear up one thing for the distinguished Senator from Kentucky: Nothing in what is before us today affects national security letter sections of the act. Let me repeat that because I have heard this presented on the floor, I have seen it in editorials in the newspapers, and nothing in what is on the floor today affects the NSL sections--of which there are several in various statutes--of the PATRIOT Act.  There are three specific sections that are affected, and I will get to them in a moment.  Let me begin by saying I support the Reid-McConnell amendment to H.R. 514. Let me point out that last Wednesday the Secretary of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, testified before the House Homeland Security Committee, and here is what she said:       In some ways, the threat today may be at its most      heightened state since the attacks nearly 10 years ago.  In testimony to the House Intelligence Committee last week, the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, wrote that:       . . . it is impossible to rank--in terms of long-term      importance--the numerous, potential threats to the U.S.      national security. The United States no longer faces--as in      the Cold War--one dominant threat. Rather, it is the      multiplicity and interconnectedness of potential threats--and      the actors behind them--that constitute our biggest      challenge.  So it is clear the threat against the United States from terrorism, cyber attack, the proliferation of weapons ofmass destruction, and others is at a very high level. Intelligence is our best tool in keeping America secure.  I see this intelligence day after day after day. The Intelligence Committee hears testimony week after week after week. I believe all members of the Intelligence Committee are behind the Reid-McConnell bill.  So that is the framework in which these three expiring provisions come before us. Without them, our law enforcement and intelligence agencies would lack important tools to protect this Nation. These are tools that have been used to great advantage over the past several years.  I cannot speak here of the specific uses of the expiring authorities for reasons of classification. The Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the FBI, and the Director of the NSA described to Members last night how they have been used. Here is what they have told us:       We have seen recent successful disruptions of terrorist      plots directed against the United States. Our intelligence      and law enforcement personnel were able to disrupt al Qaeda's      Najibullah Zazi terrorist plot to attack the New York City      subway system. These PATRIOT Act authorities, along with      other critical intelligence tools, are essential to our      ability to detect and disrupt such plots.  Let me talk about the three provisions, starting with the business records section that is expiring. This authority allows the government to go to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court--a special court with judges appointed by the Chief Justice that deals only with these matters and meets 24/7. The provision allows the government to obtain business records if it gets a warrant from this court.  The second expiring provision, so-called roving wiretap authority, provides the government with needed flexibility in conducting electronic surveillance. We all know there are now throwaway cell phones. We have found that terrorists have attempted to evade surveillance by using these throwaway cell phones and rapidly switching cell phones. This tool allows for surveillance on a particular target, not the telephone. Again, you need to have that authority given to you, much as you would in a criminal wiretap by a court, but in this case by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court. Again, the surveillance is for foreign intelligence.  According to FBI Director Bob Mueller, this provision has been used more than 190 times since it was authorized in 2001.  The third section--the final one--is the ``lone wolf'' authority that allows for court-ordered collection against non-U.S. persons who engage in international terrorism but for whom an association with a specific international terrorist group has not yet been determined.  This provision was enacted in light of the Zacarias Moussaoui case, in which the FBI suspected Moussaoui of engaging in terrorist activity and believed at the time it could not obtain a FISA order--in other words, a FISA warrant--for lack of definitive connection to a known foreign terrorist organization.  I see Senator Kyl on the floor. He well knows this issue. So this is a specific addition that was put in because of the Moussaoui case to get at someone who is a ``lone wolf'' who has no known association with a terrorist operation.  These tools have been authorized for several years and have been subject to strict scrutiny by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court, the Department of Justice, and the Congressional Intelligence and Judiciary Committees.  Members have raised concerns that provisions authorized by the PATRIOT Act have been misused. The Judiciary and the Intelligence Committees have held numerous hearings on this topic. I believe past problems have been addressed, and we will continue to monitor the use of these provisions carefully.  Members have also noted past problems with the use of national security letters, and that is what all the discussion so far that I have heard on the floor has been. As I have said, the national security sections are not at issue at this time. So it is, in a sense, a shibboleth to raise them here.  It is business records, it is lone wolf, and it is roving wiretaps. Those are the three sections that expire on the 28th of February.  So let me be clear: This legislation does not address national security letter authorities, as those provisions are not set to expire at the end of the month.  By extending these three provisions until May 27, the Congress can appropriately study and I hope enact long-term reauthorizations that the intelligence community and law enforcement need to continue to keep us safe.  Let me just say, I see--and cannot go into here--but day after day uses of these expiring authorities and have come to believe that being able to have good intelligence is what prevents an attack against a New York subway or air cargo plane. It is what keeps this homeland safe, and it is what allows us to get ahead of a terrorist attack. Without them--without them--we put our Nation in jeopardy. I, for one, took an oath of office to protect and defend, and I do not intend to be party to that. Everything I know indicates that there is jeopardy facing this Nation, and these intelligence provisions are necessary to protect our homeland.  I urge acceptance of the Reid-McConnell legislation.  I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor.  