  I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this amendment. I believe this amendment is critical for this bill to have the innovation-encouraging, job-creating effects that its proponents say it will.  Prior to 1990, taxpayers supported the operations of the Patent and Trademark Office, or PTO. In 1990, this was changed through a 69 percent user fee ``surcharge,'' so that the PTO became funded entirely through fees paid by its users, the American inventors who seek to protect the genius of their inventions from those who would copy these innovations for their own profit.  In short order, Congress began using the funds that inventors paid to protect their inventions for other purposes. In 1992, $8.1 million in user fees were diverted. In 1993, $12.3 million was diverted. In 1994, $14.7 million. And so it continued, escalating every year, until what started as a trickle became a flood in 1998, with $200.3 million in PTO user fees diverted. All told, since 1992, an estimated $886 million in fees that were paid for the efficient and effective operation of the Patent and Trademark Office have been diverted to other uses, according to the Intellectual Property Owners Association.  Meanwhile, at the same time that these fees were being taken away, the length of time that it takes to get a patent out of the Patent Office has steadily increased. In fiscal year 1991, average patent pendency was 18.2 months. By fiscal year 1999, it had increased to 25 months. By fiscal year 2010, average patent pendency had increased all the way to 35.3 months.  These are not just numbers. This is innovation being stifled from being brought to market. The longer it takes to get a patent approved, the longer a new invention, a potential technological breakthrough, sits on the shelf gathering dust instead of spurring job growth and scientific and economic progress.  Ultimately, this hurts the competitiveness of the American economy. America has a stunning record of leading the world in innovation, which has provided us a competitive edge over the decades and even centuries. By stifling the progress of our innovation within the PTO, we are dulling that competitive edge.  Obviously, there is a direct relationship between fee diversion and patent pendency. The more fees that are diverted away from the PTO, the fewer patent examiners they can hire, the more patents each examiner has to process, and the longer it takes them to get to any individual patent--a longer patent pendency.  The manager of this bill, the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee, has argued that ``the bill will speed the time it takes for applications on true inventions to issue as high quality patents, which can then be commercialized and used to create jobs. . . . The America Invents Act will ensure that the PTO has the resources it needs to work through its backlog of applications more quickly. The bill accomplishes this objective by authorizing the PTO to set its fees . . .''  But what this bill gave with the one hand, in authorizing the PTO to set its fees, the House of Representatives took away with the other hand, by striking the strong antifee diversion language that the Senate included in its patent bill earlier this year. Setting higher fee levels to reduce patent pendency does no good if those fees are simply diverted away from the PTO, and not used to hire additional patent examiners. Indeed, requiring the payment of higher patent fees which are then used for general government purposes really amounts to a tax on innovation--which is the last thing we should be burdening in today's technology-driven economy.  The chairman argues that the bill ``creates a PTO reserve fund for any fees collected above the appropriated amounts in a given year--so that only the PTO will have access to these fees.'' However, with all due respect, the language that the House put into the bill is not really different from previous bill language that proved ineffective to prevent diversion.  The 1990 law that authorized the patent user surcharge provided that the surcharges ``shall be credited to a separate account established in the Treasury . . .; '' and ``shall be available onlyto the Patent and Trademark Office, to the extent provided in appropriation Acts. . . .''  However, notwithstanding this language, the Congressional Budget Office found in 2008 that $230 million had been diverted from the surcharge account.  Similarly, the House changed the bill before us today to ``establish[] in the Treasury a Patent and Trademark Fee Reserve Fund . . .; '' and ``to the extent and in the amounts provided in appropriations Acts, amounts in the Fund shall be made available until expended only for obligation and expenditure by the Office . . .''  The key language is the same--``to the extent provided in appropriation Acts.'' Calling it a ``fund'' rather than an ``account'' should not lead anyone to expect a different result.  Indeed, the Senate bill that we passed earlier this year explicitly struck the existing statutory language, ``To the extent and in the amounts provided in advance in appropriations Acts . . .'' And the House specifically restored that language, omitting only the words ``in advance.'' The Coburn amendment would restore the changes we made earlier this year, eliminating that language again.  The Coburn amendment, like the Senate bill, contains other key language, providing that amounts in the fund it establishes ``shall be available for use by the Director without fiscal year limitation.'' The bill before us today provides no such protection against diversion.  In short, this bill will permit the continued diversion of patent fees, to the detriment of American inventors and innovation.  But don't just take my word for this. The Intellectual Property Owners Association, which includes more than 200 companies, just yesterday said:       The greatest disappointment with the House-passed patent      reform bill H.R. 1249 . . . is its failure to stop USPTO fee      diversion. The House-passed patent reform bill creates      another USPTO account, a ``reserve fund,'' but nothing in the      proposed statutory language guarantees the USPTO access to      the funds in this new account. The language of H.R. 1249      defers to future appropriations bills to instruct the USPTO      on how to access fees in the new USPTO account. Therefore,      despite some claims to the contrary, the creation of this new      account, alone, will not stop diversion.  The Innovation Alliance, a major coalition of innovative companies, and CONNECT, an organization dedicated to supporting San Diego technology and life science businesses, among others, also believe that the House language is insufficient to prevent fee diversion.  Without this protection from fee diversion, this bill could well make our patent system worse, not better. Many of the changes made by this bill will impose additional burdens on the PTO. For example, the CBO found that the new post-grant review procedure would cost $140 million to implement over a 10-year period; the new supplemental review procedure would cost $758 million to implement over that period; and the changes to the inter partes reexamination procedure would cost $251 million to implement.  All told, these changes would impose additional duties on the PTO costing over $1 billion to implement over a 10-year period. If the PTO is not permitted to keep the fees it needs to meet these obligations, patents will take even longer to be issued, and the promised improvements in patent quality may prove to be ephemeral. We won't encourage innovation; we won't create new jobs.  Therefore, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment by the Senator from Oklahoma, to support the strong antidiversion language that we passed this Spring, and to end fee diversion once and for all.  