  Former First Lady Nancy Reagan asked that I serve on the Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission and I was very honored to accept. Today, I join Senator Jim Webb, also a member, and Orrin Hatch, to continue President Reagan's spirit of bipartisanship. We have invited Senators on both sides of the aisle to join us here on the floor.  From Simi Valley, in his beloved California, to our Nation's capital, Americans this month are honoring President Ronald Reagan. These centennial events are intended to reach all Americans, including many born after President Reagan left office. Those who remember Ronald Reagan as Governor or as President know how he impacted history. But there are some who may not realize that the society we live in today is, in part, due to the policies of President Reagan. Young adults today grow up without the fear of nuclear war in the back of their mind, and students of tomorrow will work to achieve President Reagan's dream of a world without nuclear weapons.  It can be said that every great President can be remembered in just one sentence. Some examples: ``He freed the slaves;'' ``He made the Louisiana Purchase.'' Yet, 22 years after he left office and 7 years after his death, the name Ronald Wilson Reagan can still provoke a complex debate. There is no one phrase that can describe his legacy. Some come to mind: ``The greatcommunicator.'' Or: ``Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall.'' That is the one that does it for me.  There is much debate over President Reagan because we all think of him differently, and over time, history sweetens our memories. But no matter what policy disagreements one may have had with him, one has to admire his style of politics. He was a conservative Republican, but he understood that in order to get anything done, he had to work across the aisle, which he did.  In his 1983 State of the Union Address, President Reagan said:       Let us, in these next 2 years--men and women of both      parties, every political shade--concentrate on the long-     range, bipartisan responsibilities of government, not the      short-range or short-term temptations of partisan politics.  Also, Ronald Reagan had commonsense conviction that helped his achievements.  He was a true gentleman in American politics. You would not have seen him giving a speech--like some do today--calling his opponents names or giving out generalized insults. Dignity and wit were his weapons of choice.  Also, President Reagan served during times of divided government, when one party had the White House and the other controlled at least one Chamber of Congress, giving each side some governing responsibility to find solutions.  It was a time when a financial and fiscal crisis brought the two parties together to compromise on tough choices about taxes and spending. In 1983, President Reagan and Speaker Tip O'Neill came together to compromise on Social Security, based on proposals from a commission led by Alan Greenspan. President Reagan is credited with creating the conditions that led to the end of the Cold War, reviving the economy, and returning a sense of optimism to our country.  One of the things I most admired was his work to reduce the number of nuclear weapons in the world and his dream of a world one day free of these awful weapons.  President Reagan expressed this vision during his second inaugural address on January 21, 1985. He declared:       We seek the total elimination one day of nuclear weapons      from the face of the Earth.  It was a remarkable statement from a President who had deployed tactical nuclear missiles in Europe to counter the Soviet Union's fearsome SS-20 missile fleet. But President Reagan understood the grave threat that nuclear weapons pose to humanity, and he boldly set himself to achieve their eventual elimination.  My good friend, George Shultz, who was Secretary of State under President Reagan, remembers that many at that time thought the President's initial negotiations to reduce strategic arms were not serious--even quite ridiculous. A classified report released recently showed that President Reagan asked the Joint Chiefs of Staff about the cost of an all-out Soviet attack and plans for retaliation. He asked Secretary Shultz:       What's so good about keeping the peace after wiping each      other out?  Mr. Shultz believes if he were around today, President Reagan would have been in favor of the New START treaty. At the famous Reykjavik Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in October 1980, President Reagan went far beyond Gorbachev's proposal to slash strategic arms by 50 percent. He truly believed we should go to zero. The Reykjavik talks may not have worked out, but the idea that we should create a world free of nuclear weapons endures to this day.  Secretary Shultz thinks President Reagan would want to be remembered for his complete faith in freedom and his conviction that you had to be strong to defend that freedom. And that is certainly true.  Ronald Reagan came into office with character and charisma, traits that take other elected officials years to develop. It was that charisma that impressed California's Republicans and led to his nomination as Governor of my great State.  Ronald Reagan was elected Governor of California in 1966 by nearly a 1 million-vote margin. He was elected to a second term in 1970. He did not seem to mind that people underappreciated him at the time.  Decades later, as volumes of his handwritten essays were released to the public, Americans saw just what a thoughtful and visionary man he was. If we remember Ronald Reagan with one sentence, let's remember him as one who took big ideas, a crafting of words, and a conviction of freedom to change the entire world.  On the 100th anniversary of the birth of ``The Great Communicator,'' I hope we can embody his spirit of bipartisanship to keep our country strong and united today.  I yield the floor.  