 President, I rise to introduce a resolution designating October 2011 as National Medicine Abuse Awareness Month with my colleagues and friends, Senators Charles Grassley, Richard Blumenthal, Sheldon Whitehouse, Dick Durbin, Jay Rockefeller, Joe Manchin and Rob Portman.  According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy, prescription drug abuse is our Nation's fastest-growing drug problem. The U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's 2010 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that the non-medical use of prescription drugs rose from 2.5 percent of the population in 2008 to 2.8 percent in 2009. The 2010 National Survey on Drug Use and Health illustrates that the abuse of prescription medications such as pain relievers, tranquilizers, stimulants, and sedatives is second only to marijuana, the number one illegal drug of abuse in the United States.  Sadly the number of people who have unintentionally overdosed on prescription drugs is rising rapidly. The misconception that taking prescription drugs, even if not prescribed by a doctor is safer than using street drugs is becoming more and more widespread, as seen in the number of visits by individuals to hospital emergency rooms involving the misuse or abuse of pharmaceutical drugs which has doubled over the past five years.  Throughout National Medicine Abuse Awareness Month, we encourage communities to promote the message that over-the-counter and prescription medicines are to be taken only as labeled or prescribed and to encourage safe disposal of unused medications. Educating the public on the dangerous consequences of taking prescription drugs to get high or in large doses is critical.  We applaud the efforts of the Drug Enforcement Administration, DEA, and local and State law enforcement agencies across the country to collect potentially dangerous, expired, unused or unwanted medications during their nationwide prescription drug ``take back'' campaign. We invite our colleagues to join us in continuing the efforts of the DEA and partnering organizations to combat the misuse of psychotherapeutic medications by designating October 2011 as National Medicine Abuse Awareness Month. This is an opportunity for Americans to reaffirm our national, State and local level commitment to living healthy, drug-free lifestyles.  