 However, I have heard more and more in the past 2 years from small inventors, startup companies, small businesses, venture capitalists, and, yes, even large companies from all around our country, but especially in my State of California, that this proposed transition from our first-to-invent system to a first-to-file system would be severely harmful to innovation, and especially burdensome on small inventors, startups, and small businesses. And I have become convinced it is the wrong thing to do.  For the benefit of my colleagues who have not been so embroiled in this rather technical issue, let me provide a little background. For over a century, our country has awarded patents to the first inventor to come up with an idea, even if somebody else beat them to the Patent Office--a first-to-invent system. And we have done very well under the first-to-invent system. This bill would change that, so that the first person to file an application for a patent for a particular invention would be entitled to that patent, even if another person actually created the invention first. This is what is known as the first-to-file system.  Now, the argument that is made for transitioning to first-to-file is that the rest of the world follows first-to-file, and that will harmonize our system with theirs. This is supported by big companies that have already made it, that have an international presence. Therefore, I understand their support for first-to-file. But under first-to-invent, we have been the world's leader in innovation, and the first-to-file countries have been playing catchup with our technological advances. So with all due respect, I wouldn't trade America's record of innovation for that of virtually any other country or certainly any first-to-file country.  The genius of America is inventions in small garages and labs, in great ideas that come from inspiration and perspiration in such settings and then take off. So many of America's leading companies--Hewlett Packard, Apple, Google, even AT&T arising from Alexander Graham Bell's lab, for example--started in such settings and grew spectacularly, creating jobs for millions of Americans and lifting our economy and standard of living.  A coalition of affected small business groups, including the National Small Business Association and others, recently said first-to-file ``disrupts the unique American start-up ecosystem that has led to America's standing as the global innovation leader . . .''  I believe it is critical that we continue to protect and nurture this culture of innovation, and preserving the first-to-invent system that has helped foster it is essential to do this.  Moreover, this bill would not actually harmonize our patent priority system with that of the rest of the world. Many first-to-file countries allow more extensive use of prior art to defeat a patent application and provide for greater prior user rights than this bill would provide. Europe does not provide even the limited 1-year publication grace period this bill does.  An important part of this debate is the change the bill makes to the so-called grace period that inventors have under U.S. current law. Presently, a person's right to their invention is also protected for 1 year from any of the following: No. 1, describing their invention in a printed publication; No. 2, making a public use of the invention; or, No. 3, offering the invention for sale. This is called the grace period, and it is critical to small inventors.  Mr. President, 108 startups and small businesses wrote last year that:       U.S. patent law has long allowed inventors a 1-year ``grace      period,'' so that they can develop, vet, and perfect their      invention, begin commercialization, advance sales, seek      inventors and business partners, and obtain sufficient funds      to prosecute the patent application. During the grace period,      many inventors learn about starting a technology-based      business for the first time. They must obtain investment      capital and must learn from outside patent counsel (at      considerable expense) about patenting and related deadlines      and how to set up confidentiality agreements. Many startups      or small businesses are in a race against insolvency during      this early stage. The grace period protects them during this      period from loss of patent rights due to any activities,      information leaks or inadvertent unprotected disclosures      prior to filing their patent applications.  S. 23 eliminates this grace period from offering an invention for sale or making a public use of it, leaving only a grace period from ``disclosure'' of the invention.  There are two problems with this. First, ``disclosure'' is not defined in the bill. This will generate litigation while the courts flesh out that term's meaning. While this plays out in the courts, there will be uncertainty about whether many inventions are patentable. This uncertainty will, in turn, chill investment, as venture capitalists will be reluctant to invest until they are confident that the inventor will be able to patent and own their invention.  Secondly, because of this lack of definition, some patent lawyers interpret ``disclosure'' to mean a disclosure that is sufficiently detailed to enable a person of ordinary skill in the particular art to make the invented item. In practical terms, this means a patent application or a printed publication.  Now, this does provide some protection to universities, it is true. They often publish about their inventions. However, it is scant protection for the small inventor. They don't publish about their inventions, until they file a patent application. As the 108 small businesses put it, ``no business willingly publishes complete technical disclosures that will tip-off all competitors to a company's technological direction. . . . Confidentiality is crucial to small companies.''  The grace period from offering for sale or public use is critical for their protection; eliminating it will have the effect, in the words of these small businesses, of ``practically gutting the American 1-year grace period.'' The National Small Business Association wrote recently:       The American first-to-invent grace period patent system has      been a major mechanism for the dynamism of small business      innovation. . . . It is clear that the weak or (entirely      absent) [sic] grace periods used in the rest of the world's      first-to-file patent system throttles small-business      innovation and job creation.  Our amendment would preserve America's world-leading system.  I am also very concerned that first-to-file would proportionately disadvantage small companies and startups with limited resources. I have become convinced that this change would impede innovation and economic growth in our country, particularly harming the small, early-stage businesses that generate job growth.  Obviously, the process of innovation starts with the generation of ideas. Small California companies and inventors have described to me how most of these ideas ultimately do not pan out; either testing or development proves they are not feasible technologically, or they prove not to be viable economically.  Unfortunately, first-to-file incentivizes inventors to ``race to the Patent Office,'' to protect as many of their ideas as soon as possible so they are not beaten to the punch by a rival. Thus, first-to-file will likely result in significant overfiling of these ``dead end'' inventions, unnecessarily burdening both the Patent and Trademark Office and inventors. As Paul Michel, former chief judge of the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and Gregory Junemann, president of the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers, put it in a recent letter to the committee:       As Canada recently experienced, a shift to a first-to-file      system can stimulate mass filing of premature applications as      inventors rush to beat the effective date of the shift or      later, filings by competitors.  This presents a particular hardship for independent inventors, for startups, and for small businesses, which do not have the resources and volume to employ in-house counsel but must instead rely on more-costly outside counsel to file their patents. This added cost and time directed to filing for ideas that are not productive will drain resources away from the viable ideas that can build a patent portfolio--and a business.  At a time when the Patent and Trademark Office has a dramatic backlog of over 700,000 patents waiting to be examined and a pendency time of some 3 years, Congress should be careful toensure that any legislative changes will not increase patent filings that are unfruitful.  The counter-argument is made that a small inventor could file a cheap ``provisional patent application,'' and that is sufficient protection. However, patent lawyers who work with small clients have said that they advise their clients not to treat a provisional application any less seriously than a full patent application. If there is part of an invention that is left out of the provisional application, that will not be protected. And the parts that are included in the provisional application will be vulnerable too, under an attack that the inventor failed to disclose the ``best mode'' of the invention by leaving out necessary information.  The argument is made that first to file will establish a simple, clear priority of competing patent applications. Proponents of first to file argue that it will eliminate costly, burdensome proceedings to determine who actually was the first to invent, which are known as ``interference proceedings.''  However, the reality is that this is not a significant problem under our current system. There are only about 50 ``interference proceedings'' a year to resolve who made an invention first. This is out of about 480,000 patent applications that are submitted each year--in other words, one-one hundredth of 1 percent of patent applications.  Another problem with the bill's first to file system is the difficulty of proving that someone copied your invention.  The bill's proponents assert that it protects against one person copying another person's invention by allowing the first inventor to prove that ``such other patent was derived from the inventor of the invention . . .''.  Currently, you as a first inventor can prove that you were first by presenting evidence that is in your control--your own records contemporaneously documenting the development of your invention. But to prove that somebody else's patent application came from you under the bill, was ``derived'' from you, you would have to submit documents showing this copying. Only if there was a direct relationship between the two parties will the first inventor have such documents.  If there was only an indirect relationship, or an intermediary--for example, the first inventor described his invention at an angel investor presentation where he didn't know the identities of many in attendance--the documents that would show ``derivation''--copying--are not going to be in the first inventor's possession; they would be in the second party's possession. You would have to find out who they talked to, e-mailed with, et cetera to trace it back to your original disclosure. But the bill doesn't provide for any discovery in these ``derivation proceedings,'' so the first inventor can't prove their claim.  For these reasons, and many others, the first to invent system, which I believe has made our Nation the leader in the world, which our amendment would preserve, is supported by numerous people and businesses around the country, including the National Small Business Association; Coalition for Patent Fairness, a coalition of large high-tech companies; IEEE, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, which has 395,000 members; the International Federation of Professional and Technological Engineers, AFL-CIO; the University of California System; the University of Kentucky; Paul Michel--Former Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which plays the critical role of hearing appeals in patent cases; the U.S. Business and Industry Council; American Innovators for Patent Reform; National Association of Patent Practitioners; Professional Inventors Alliance USA; CONNECT, a trade association for small technology and life science businesses; and many small inventors, as represented, for instance, in a letter signed by 108 startups and small businesses from all over the country.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a copy of this letter be printed in the Record following my remarks.  