 President, I rise today to express my opposition to the Cornyn amendment that would force the administration to sell new F-16s to Taiwan.  Yesterday, the administration announced details of a $5.8 billion arms package to Taiwan.  The central element of this package is the decision to support a substantial upgrade to Taiwan's existing fleet of 145 F-16 A/Bs.  The upgrades include state-of-the-art avionics and weaponry such as targeting systems, AIM-9X air-to-air missiles and precision guided munitions.  The deal also includes the active electronically scanned array radars that, according to Taiwan's Defense Ministry, will allow its planes to detect China's new J-20 stealth aircraft.  The package also includes pilot training and spare parts for Taiwan's F-5 jets and C-130 transport planes.  It will significantly improve Taiwan's self-defense capabilities without increasing cross-strait tensions.  As we all know, Taiwan has asked the administration to accept a letter of request to sell 66 of the newer F-16 C/Ds.  Those who support the sale of new F-16s to Taiwan were clearly disappointed by the decision to move forward with only upgrades to Taiwan's existing fleet.  Senator Cornyn described the decision as a ``capitulation to Communist China'' and a ``slap in the face to strong ally and longtime friend.''  Nothing could be further from the truth.  First, let's be clear: The administration has deferred the decision on the sale of new F-16s to Taiwan, it has not rejected it outright.  It has acted in a manner consistent with the previous administration that also refused to accept Taiwan's request for new F-16s.  Let me remind my colleagues that under the Obama administration, total arms sales to Taiwan have totaled $12.25 billion, more than double the amount sold during President George W. Bush's first term.  It is clear these attacks are more about politics than the security and self-defense capability of Taiwan.  Next, let's look at the arms sales package itself.  The decision to upgrade Taiwan's existing fleet of F-16 A/Bs will provide many of the same capabilities as the new F-16 C/Ds.  According to the Pentagon, with a robust retrofit the F-16 A/B and F-16 C/D are comparable aircrafts. The upgraded F-16 A/Bs will have active electronically scanned array, AESA, radars, equal to the new F-16s; embedded global positioning system inertial navigation systems, equal to the new F-16s; ALQ-213 warfare management systems, equal to the new F-16s; night vision goggles, equal to the new F-16s; AIM-9X Sidewinder missiles, equal to the new F-16s; sensor fused weapons and laser guided bombs, equal to the new F-16s.  And the list goes on.  According to Mark Stokes of the Project 2049 Institute and a former Pentagon China expert, the radar ``offers a significant capability that would be able to maintain Taiwan's qualitative advantage'' over China.  Michael Pillsbury, a current Pentagon consultant on China, argued that the A/B upgrades could be perceived asproviding Taiwan with more capabilities than the C/Ds.  Supporters of this amendment will argue in favor of both upgrades and new planes, as requested by Taiwan.  Allow me to repeat: The administration has not formally rejected the sale of new F-16s. It is still under active consideration.  Clearly, the decision to upgrade the F-16 A/Bs does not prevent the administration from later selling Taiwan the newer planes.  Regardless of timing, we have to consider carefully what impact the sale of new F-16s to Taiwan would have on cross-straits relations.  In May 2010, I had the pleasure of visiting China and Taiwan for a series of meetings with Senators Mark Udall and Kay Hagan.  We had full and rewarding discussions on a range of issues, including cybersecurity, energy, trade, and cross-strait relations.  One bright story in the region, I believe, is that of Taiwan and its relationship with the mainland.  The reports we received on our visit were encouraging.  The three direct lines--air service, sea service and postal service--are all in place.  The number of flights between Beijing and Taiwan has reached 270 per week, and I understand they are packed to the brim.  There is also substantial Taiwanese in China today.  Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou told us he was thrilled that negotiations were successful on an Economic Framework Agreement, known as ECFA, which he subsequently signed and was ratified by Taiwan's legislature.  On the 1-year anniversary of its passage, Taiwanese officials announced that agricultural exports to China covered by the agreement jumped 262 percent--to $69.31 million--in the first 7 months of 2011 compared to the same period in 2010.  Overall, Taiwanese exports to the mainland in the first half of 2011 totaled $61.56 billion, up 10.53 percent from the year before.  Follow-on talks have recently begun between both sides which will focus on the trade in goods and services and dispute resolution.  With the momentum generated by the agreement, I believe China and Taiwan should begin to address the security situation across the strait.  It is my strong belief that China should begin to reduce its more than 1,000 ballistic missiles deployed along its coast.  I deeply believe that enhanced economic cooperation and constructive dialogue will move China and Taiwan away from military confrontation to a clear path of resolving differences diplomatically.  In my view, the arms sales package for Taiwan announced by the administration will improve Taiwan's self-defense capabilities and still enhance this ongoing cooperation and dialogue.  Selling the new F-16's to Taiwan would only serve to undermine the progress we have made with China this year.  Military escalation between Taiwan and China, which the sale of the F-16 C/D variant would be construed as, is not in the best interests of the United States.  Finally, let me discuss how this amendment is being proposed.  Simply put, a trade bill to renew the Generalized System of Preferences and the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is not the proper vehicle for a sensitive foreign policy debate.  The administration and most of my colleagues on this side of the aisle have made it clear that we must renew trade adjustment assistance before we consider the trade agreements.  If this amendment passes, it will threaten the chances of passing trade adjustment assistance in the House and, ultimately, consideration of the three outstanding free trade agreements with South Korea, Panama and Colombia.  If we are to have this debate, it should be during consideration of the Defense authorization bill.  I urge my colleagues to oppose the Cornyn amendment.  