 President, I am very pleased that we are considering the nomination of Judge John Kronstadt to the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California here today.  I had the privilege of recommending Judge Kronstadt's nomination to President Obama.  Since 2002, he has served as a judge on the California Superior Court for Los Angeles County.  Judge Kronstadt first came to my attention through the Judicial Advisory Committee that I have set up in California. This is a bipartisan committee that reviews judicial candidates for me based on their legal acumen, reputation for skill and professionalism, breadth of personal experience, temperament, and overall commitment to excellence in the field of law.  Judge Kronstadt stood out from among the candidates for the vacancy on this court because he has all of these qualities in spades.  He has an outstanding academic record, with a bachelor of arts degree from Cornell University and a law degree from Yale Law School.  He started his legal career on the very court to which he is now nominated, serving as a law clerk to Judge William Gray of the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California.  Judge Kronstadt also brings a distinguished background in private practice. Prior to becoming a judge, he spent roughly two dozen years as a litigator trying complex civil cases before Federal courts, State courts, and administrative agencies.  He started as an associate and then became a partner at the law firm of Arnold & Porter--first in Washington, DC, and then in Los Angeles. Between years with that firm, he also spent 15 years managing his own firm with three colleagues. That was the firm of Blanc, Williams, Johnston, & Kronstadt.  On the Los Angeles County Superior Court, his docket consists primarily of civil cases, ranging from employment litigation to contract disputes to intellectual property and other commercial matters. He has overseen some 250 trials, as well as countless pretrial proceedings.  He has amassed a stellar in his almost 9 years on the court: only one of his decisions has ever been reversed. Within the Los Angeles area, Judge Kronstadt is regarded as one of the finest judges on the bench. Fellow judges, litigants, and local lawyers describe him as ``incredibly smart,'' ``very fair,'' ``even-tempered,'' and a ``hard worker'' who ``cares an incredible amount about the jury system.''  He has been a leader on the bench, serving on the court's executive committee, and chairing its Community Outreach Committee, among other positions.  Beyond his educational and professional qualifications, Judge Kronstadt has also shown an impressive dedication to education and the teaching of students throughout his career.  Since 2002, he has spent roughly 1,500 hours as a volunteer with the Constitutional Rights Foundation, including serving as the foundation's president.  This is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization in Los Angeles that seeks to ``educate young people to become active and responsible participants in our society'' and to teach them about ``the importance of civic participation in a democratic society.''  Judge Kronstadt developed a program for the Foundation known as ``Courtroom to Classroom.'' This program facilitates visits by judges to eighth and eleventh grade public school classrooms throughout the Los Angeles area.  Judges who volunteer provide copies of the Constitution to the students and organize mock trial activities to allow them to experience constitutional law and the courtroom at a young age.  And while in private practice, he developed a training program for the Los Angeles County Bar Association that reached over 1,000 new attorneys.  I am very pleased to support Judge Kronstadt's nomination. He has shown a firm commitment to the rule of law, and a dedication to public service in a variety of ways.  I believe he is eminently qualified to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The Judiciary Committee unanimously reported his nomination last month, and he is much-needed on the central district bench--that court has been designated as a judicial emergency district by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. I thank the leader for bringing his nomination to the floor, and I urge my colleagues to support his nomination.  