 GRAHAM. The Times Square Bomber, nobody interrupted that plot. The guy did not know how to set the bomb off. We are lucky as hell the bomb did not go off. So do not stand here and tell me that we have got it right, because we have not. And here is the point: We never will always get it right. I am not saying that as criticism. Because we are going to get hit again. We cannot be right and lucky all of the time.  To those who are trying to defend us, the one thing I do not want to do is micromanage the war. Here is the political dynamic. You have got people on the left who hate the idea of saying ``the war on terror.'' If you left it up to them, they would never, ever use the military, they would always insist that the law enforcement model be used because they do not buy into the idea of we are at war. So you have got one part of the country, a minority, that wants to criminalize the war. If we ever go down that road, woe be unto us.  You have got people on my side--the Senator is right about this. They have gone the other way. If you left it up to people on my side, there would be a law passed tomorrow that you could never, ever read a Miranda right to a terrorist caught anywhere in the United States.  I do not agree with that way of thinking. To my fellow members of the U.S. military, you have not failed at Guantanamo Bay. You have not failed. Because you sentenced someone to 9 months to me validated the fact that those who are taking an oath to defend us, when they are put in a position of passing judgment on people accused of trying to kill us all, will be fair.  So when you say a military commission tribunal at Guantanamo Bay gave a 9-month sentence and that is a failure, I say, as a proud member of the military, I am proud of the fact that you can judge a case based on the facts and the law and not emotion. So I am very proud of the fact that military commissions can do their job as well as the civilian courts.  I say to our Federal prosecutors and our Federal juries and our Federal judges, I am proud of you too. We should be using an ``all of the above'' approach. There are times that Federal courts are better than military commissions. There are times that military commissions are better than Federal courts.  The 1032 language has nothing to do about what venue you choose. This provision is simple in its concept. It is a compromise between those on the left who say you must criminalize this war; we are not at war; you are going to have to use the law enforcement model; you can neither gather military intelligence, who do not believe that the military has a role on the homeland to gather intelligence, which is an absurd concept, never acknowledged before in any other war.  When American citizens helped the Nazis, collaborated with Nazis to engage in sabotage, not only were they held as enemy combatants during World War II, they were tried by military commissions. We no longer allow American citizens to be tried by military commissions. I think that is a reasoned decision. But what we do not want to do is prevent our intelligence community from holding an al-Qaida affiliated member and gathering intelligence.  If an American citizen went to Pakistan and got radicalized in a madrasah and came back to the United States and landed at Dulles Airport and got a rifle and started shooting everyone on the Mall, I believe it is in our national security interests to give our intelligence community the ability to hold that person and gather intelligence about: Is another guy coming? What did you do? What future threats do we face? And not automatically Mirandize him. But if they choose to Mirandize him, they can. In this legislation, we presume military custody, but it can be waived.  That is the point I am trying to make. Senators Levin and McCain have struck a balance between one group that thinks the military can only be used and nobody else and another group that says we can never use the military. We have that balance. If we upset this balance, we are going to make us not only less safe, the Congress is going to do things on our watch that we have never done in any other war.  A word of warning to my colleagues: If we had a bill on the floor of the Senate saying we are not going to read Miranda rights to terrorists who are trying to kill us all, 70 percent of the American people would say: Heck yes.  I don't want this bill to come up. I believe the people who are best able to judge what to do is not any politician, they are the experts in the field fighting this war. We are saying we can waive the presumption of military custody, we can write the rules to waive it, but we believe we should start with that construct.  Let me read to you what the general counsel for the Department of Defense said today:       Top national security lawyers in the Obama administration      say U.S. citizens are legitimate military targets when they      take up arms with al-Qaida. The government lawyers, CIA      counsel Stephen Preston, and Pentagon counsel Jeh Johnson,      did not address the Awlaki case. But they said U.S. citizens      don't have immunity when they are at war with the United      States.  The President of the United States was right to target this citizen when he went to Yemen to help al-Qaida. I am glad we took him out. So would it not be absurd that we can kill him, but we cannot detain him? If he came here, we cannot question him for military intelligence gathering. So this is a compromise between two forces that are well intended but will take us into a bad policy position: the hard left who wants to say the military has no role in protecting us on the homeland and some people on my side who say the law enforcement community cannot be involved at all.  So Senator Levin and Senator McCain have constructed a concept that provides maximum flexibility, gives guidance to the law enforcement community, starts with a presumption that I like and can be waived and will not impede an ongoing investigation. That is the part of the bill that was changed.  To my good friend from California, we have the balance we have been seeking for 5 years. To me, this is what we should be doing as a nation--creating legislation that allows those who are fighting the war the tools they need. In this case, we start with the presumption of military custody because that allows us to gather intelligence. Under the domestic criminal law, we cannot hold someone and ask them about future attacks, because we are investigating a crime. Under military law, when somebody joins the enemy and engages in an act of war against the Nation, our military intelligence community can hold that person for as long as it takes to find out what they know about future attacks. If the guy gets off of plane and starts killing people at the mall, when we grab him and he says I want my lawyer, we can say: You are not entitled to a lawyer. We are trying to gather intelligence.  At the end of the day, use military commission trials, use Federal courts, and read Miranda rights when we think it makes sense; but we don't have to because the law allows us to hold people, under military custody, who represent a military threat. The law allows us to kill American citizens who have joined al-Qaida abroad. That has been the law for decades. I hope this compromise that Carl Levin and John McCain have crafted--and I say to Carl Levin, I have been in his shoes. When John and I were on the floor saying don't waterboard people--gather intelligence but don't become like the enemy--a lot of Americans believed we should waterboard these people, do whatever we need to do because they are so vicious and hateful. But John McCain knows better than anybody in this body what it is like to be tortured.  I wish to protect America without changing who we are. It has always been the law that when an American citizen takes up arms and joins the enemy, that is not a criminal act; that is an act of war. They can be held and interrogated about what they did and what they know because that keeps us safe. If we take that off the table, with homegrown terrorism becoming the greatest threat we face, we will have done something no other Congress has done in any other war.  