 President, I rise today in opposition to Senator Tester's amendment on debit card swipe fees.  Like many of my colleagues, I have received countless letters on this issue,from consumers, financial institutions, retailers, labor unions, and other interested parties. As a Member of the Senate, I take very seriously our duty to ensure that the Nation's financial system functions fairly.  I am deeply concerned about protecting consumers and small banks from financial harm. This is a tough economy. I know that. I will do everything I can to make sure they are protected.  But my position on this issue has been unchanged from the beginning.  The Federal Reserve issued a proposed rule last December, and is in the process of considering over 11,000 comments submitted on that rule. Chairman Bernanke has said those comments have been informative, and the Federal Reserve will soon issue a final rule that should take into account concerns some have raised.  My position for a long time has been that we should not jump in the middle of that process. We should wait to see what the professionals at the Federal Reserve come out with, and then evaluate whether or not the final rule is fair and equitable for merchants, banks, and especially consumers.  It would be bad precedent for Congress to start cutting off that process in the middle. We don't want to go down that road.  The Federal Reserve is devoting substantial resources to this issue and are giving the comments careful consideration. We should let them finish their work.  Senator Tester's legislation also is flawed in other respects.  The study it proposes only involves banking agencies. It excludes consumer protection agencies, like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission.  The intent of existing law is to benefit consumers. If the law is going to be studied, consumer agencies should be involved too. We need to make sure consumers' interests are protected.  Senator Tester's legislation also requires that regulators evaluate whether the proposed rule meets certain tests. As I see it, the tests are so easily met that the final rule is almost guaranteed to be thrown out without being considered.  This is a problem for me.  If a study is to be done, it should be fair, impartial, and consider the interests of all affected parties.  The bottom line is that we don't know what the final rule issued by the Fed will be. I have heard a lot of conjecture from both sides on this issue, but no one has been able to convey any certainty.  I have heard from a number of constituents and national groups on this issue. They have expressed their views passionately, and I am grateful for their participation in this process.  I remain deeply committed to ensuring that small banks and consumers are protected. When the final rule is released, we should look at it carefully. And we should conduct a fair study of the rule if we need to do so.  But until that rule is released, we should allow the experts at the Federal Reserve to complete their work before we take any action.  