Speaker, I rise in strong support of this conference report. This bill is about creating jobs and stimulating our economy and I urge a yes vote on this rule and on final passage.  Over a year ago, over 100 Members of Congress wrote to the President about the alarming deterioration of our domestic oil and gas industry. All across the Nation, small businesses have been forced to close and hard-working Americans have been let go.  Over a year later, we still have not done nearly enough to spur domestic production and preserve these vital jobs. Last year, for the first time, we had to import over a half of our domestic oil requirements because of decreased production within the United States. The Department of Interior has estimated that Alaskan exports would increase production in Alaska and California by 110,000 barrels per day by the year 2000. In addition, these exports could help create up to 25,000 jobs over the same period.  In my State, the oil and gas industry has been devastated in recent years. These are real people losing good jobs. This bill will create jobs, stimulate our economy, and raise State and Federal revenues. I urge a vote on the rule on the conference report, which rule we already passed. In addition, I understand that the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller] will offer a motion to recommit to strike the deepwater royalty incentive.  There has been much misinformation regarding the deep-water provision in this bill. Let me make this clear, this provision will generate $130 million of revenues to the Treasury over the next 7 years. In addition, and more importantly, it will help offset some of the $50 billion that the United States currently spends to import oil.  The deepwater royalty provision is important because it will increase production in the central and western Gulf of Mexico. This area accounts for a full 25 percent of the Nation's estimated oil and gas reserves. By increasing the incentive to produce oil and gas in the deepwater of the gulf, this measure will result in a significant increase in domestic energy production.  Why is this provision needed? It is simple. The costs and difficulties of exploration and production in deep water are immense. These costs frighten companies from even bidding on available leases. Last year, only 18 percent of the deepwater tracts received multiple bids. The taxpayers are not receiving the compensation they deserve in this no-competition bidding process.  Mr. Speaker, it is important that my colleagues know that this legislation does not apply to shallow water leases, where bids are numerous and prices strong, but only to deepwater leases where startup capital can reach upward of $1 billion and risks are great.  If we do not pass this conference report as we receive it today, we are losing a golden opportunity to create thousands of jobs and generate millions in revenue. Do not listen to false claims of corporate welfare. Look at the facts. They bear out the truth--this bill is good for the taxpayer and good for the country. I urge a ``no'' vote to this motion to recommit.  