Speaker, one of the things that makes America truly great is our spirit of volunteerism--the willingness of citizens from all backgrounds to give of their time and their efforts to make the community better in which they live and work. One organization that has been a shining example of this is the Riverside Rotary Club. During its 75-year history, members have worked to make Riverside a better place for all its residents.  In its recent history, Sherm Babcock was our Rotary Club president for the 1970-71 year. Sherm started out by going to the international convention in Atlanta, GA. He also led a large delegation of Rotarians to the district assembly the following month.  A significant administrative charge took place with the new position of sergeant at arms. Frank Lindeburg, an entertaining character, was the fine master and made the change a success. To this day the position of sergeant at arms is a coveted position in our club.  Sports were a big transition in Rotary in Sherm's year. Some of the activities were: the club sponsored a team in the UCR baseball tournament; the club fielded a team in the service club bowling league; and a number of golf tournaments were conducted.  The scholarship fund that had been initiated the prior year by past president John Cote was enhanced considerably. Today, this scholarship fund exceeds $170,000 and numerous academic scholarships are awarded each year to deserving high school students.  During the 1970's, Rotary was led by many prominent individuals. Jack Williams, president in 1971-72 led our club in constructing platforms for tents at the Boy Scout camp in Idylwild--was also instrumental in having our club donate a wheelchair to the UCR Health Center.  Ralph Hill, President in 1972-73 kept up the good work from prior years and added to it by hosting the United Fund Kickoff luncheon. This was significant since many of our members were key contributors to the United Fund.  In 1973-74 Rotary was involved in many events. Irv Hall led the club this year. Some different things Rotary became involved in included sending scholarships to Cuautia, Mexico, which was a sister city of Riverside. Rotary also contributed to the Ralph Johnson Memorial at Twin Pines Ranch. The old YMCA building, known as the Gheel House, had its interior painted by Rotarians. The club also enjoyed itself through a trip to the Queen Mary.  In 1974-75 Jim Davidson, our president, continued work at Twin Pines Ranch through the club's donation for the ranch's swimming pool. We also celebrated a joint meeting with the Soroptomists, a women's organization dedicated to community service.  The Mission Inn had been closed for some time but in 1975-76, Herman Reed's year as president, we moved back to the Mission Inn. Apparently, it was a welcomed return since the club had been having problems with the different establishments in which it had been meeting.  During this 1975-76 year many service projects were accomplished. Rotary contributed carpeting and linoleum to the Riverside County Association for Crippled Children. We also contributed significantly to the Special Olympics. As usual, we celebrated our special meetings for our significant others as well as our continued sponsorship of the ROTC awards at Poly High School.  In 1976-77 Bill Williams was our president and he led the club in starting the ambitious project of repairing and remodeling the kitchen portion of the Carriage House which is located in the Heritage House property. This required many Rotarians to roll up their sleeves and do some worthwhile manual labor. The results, which were realized some years later, were outstanding and very much appreciated by the community.  Frank Lindeburg, our president for 1977-78 was active in continuing the Carriage House project. We also organized an auction which was tied into the party for a club fundraiser. Being the UCR athletic director, he organized a baseball game against the Riverside Kiwanians. He was also instrumental in designing a program for the fire department's emergency program. The club's budget seemed to be in good shape because Frank led the club to invest its surplus funds. And, of course, the food service at the Mission Inn came under some criticism. Some things never change.  In 1978-79, San Landis was club president and kept the club operating smoothly. The work at the Carriage House was still going on and the usual special meetings with our wives and others brought enjoyment to all.  Ron Drayson, our president in 1979-80, kept the Carriage House project going. He was also responsible for sponsoring the 4H contest which was held at the Agricultural Park. He redesigned club banners presented to visiting Rotarians and organized a Riverside-San Bernadino golf match at Arrowhead Country Club.  The new work project was undertaken under the presidency of Greg MacDonald in 1980- [[Page E 1323]] 81. Greg being one of our youngest presidents, had a lot of energy and was responsible for starting the work on Agricultural Park.  John Beal, our president in 1981-82, had an extraordinary year for the club. He was reponsibile for inviting the then Rotary international president, Stan McCraffey, to Riverside to speak at the Paul Harris Foundation Dinner at Raincross Square. This was the only time in Riverside Rotary's history that the international president had visited our community.  John also organized the only joint effort ever held with the Kiwani's Club of Riverside. The joint meeting was held to honor members of the law enforcement community. The speaker was the then-Attorney General, George Deukmejian. John also had the club host the District 4 speech contest along with having club members man the Salvation Army Kettle.  In 1982-83 Gene LaHusen became president and continued the work on the Agricultural Park. Harvey Ostzon, president in 1983-84, was most responsible for making the Agricultural Park a reality. He led the work parties to refurbish the park. He also led the club in organizing an auction which was a major fundraiser.  In 1984-85, Frank Gooley was our president and promptly faced a problem about where we would meet since the Mission Inn was closing down for restoration purposes. We finally moved to the UCR commons and then to the Holiday Inn. Frank's major accomplishment was organizing a raffle with the other Rotary Club's in the city which raised $13,500 for the Agricultural Park.  Paul Birgdain, our leader during the 1985-86 year kept the club moving along in fine fashion. We finished our work at the Agricultural Park during Paul's year.  Bill McGuian became our president for the 1986-87 year which became significant in club history since ours was the first club in the district to admit a woman member. Sandra Leer, a family law practitioner, was sponsored by Tom Holienhorst and was our first female member. Bill also saw our meetings moved to the Sheraton Hotel as the Mission Inn was still being restored. The Riverside East Club, a new Rotary club, was nurtured by our club as well as hosting the GSE team from Australia. This was the year we established our scholarship committee as a permanent standing committee.  Lee Lombard, our president in 1987-88, started the Dinner Theater which became our principal fundraiser. We also hosted the GSE team from Denmark. It was in Lee's year that the Rotary International committed to eradicating polio worldwide. Our club successfully contributed to the program under Lee's leadership.  Palle Gylov became our president in 1988-89 and vigorously promoted the Dinner Theatre which was a resounding success. Palle also held up well during his year considering that our long time executive secretary, Floretta Pico, retired during his tenure.  In 1989-90 Bob Probizanski, our new president, continued the tradition of the Dinner Theatre. He involved many Rotarians and it continued to be the highlight of our Rotary year. He also organized a tour of the jail newly constructed in downtown Riverside.  Hark Kline, our president in 1990-91, continued the Dinner Theatre tradition with a new twist: it became the Mystery Dinner Theatre. Although a little lengthy, it still raised funds for our club for the good works we were contributing to. We also attended a Red Wave baseball game, a new minor league team, based in Riverside and playing out of the UCR Sports Center.  De Armstrong, our president for 1991-92, continued trying to solve the problem about where our club should meet. We moved to the Art Museum during his year. De, being a musician, did a tremendous job in organizing our Dinner Theatre, adding a touch of class with his musical talents.  The highlight of Jim Milam's year was the visit of then President Bush to Riverside. Rotary was the host and it was a great success as many Rotarians from all over the district attended to listen to our President.  During Jim's Year, Rotary reached out to our youth by adopting an elementary school in the downtown area. Bryant School became the recipient of work projects by Rotarians, of books donated to the school, and of the presence of Rotarians at monthly school assemblies.  Gary Orso, club president in 1993-94, saw the club return to the Mission Inn as well as continuing the Bryant School project. The Dinner Theatre tradition continued but was augmented by a silent auction which was responsible for raising a significant sum of money for our community projects. Of course, our youth continued to be served by our club through our contributions to RYLA and our scholarship program.  Bob Brown became our president in 1994-95 and had overseen the celebration of the club's 75th anniversary. Being recognized by our District 5330 at numerous district events has brought price to our club. The Bryant School project has been expanded to include tutoring and mentoring to club members. Students from Bryant School worked with our club and the Riverside Downtown Association in planting a Rotary garden in the downtown area. Although finances have always been a problem Bob has led the club through the toughest of recessionary times and the future looks very bright.  Indeed, Mr. Speaker, the Riverside Rotary Club has been an important fixture in the Riverside community. On behalf of the people of the 43d Congressional District, I wish to extend my thanks and sincere congratulations for their exceptional work throughout the community during their 75-year history.