Chairman, Mr. Chairman of the subcommittee and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Olver), first of all let me congratulate the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Olver) on his taking the responsibilities of ranking member. He is doing an outstanding job in that capacity.  Mr. Chairman, I want to make a few general comments. I will have some possible amendments, which may be withdrawn, some of which may be pressed. But I want to thank the committee and I want to thank the chairman for pursuing what the Republican majority budget provided for with respect to pay parity. I think that was appropriate and consistent with our past policies. We have a lot of folks who are on the front lines who we will recognize.  However, I want to raise some concerns. As the chairman knows, the Reagan administration, the Bush administration, the Clinton administration, and now the present Bush administration, as I understand it, is for the project, although has not funded it. We have been pursuing the creation of a campus for the Food and Drug Administration which, of course, now has even more challenges dealing with the integrity of the food and drug supply in light of terrorist threats. But we have been trying to construct this campus, which will save the Federal Government money.  The reason it will save the Federal Government money is now the FDA is located around the Washington metropolitan area in 19 different leased facilities, and, of course, they are for the most part very old facilities and they are expensive facilities. GSA tells us it would be cheaper to build at the site that has been agreed to, not in my district, but in the State of Maryland. We have done some of those. There is currently in the plan a project for $48 million. I have reason to believe the Senate might include that.  Mr. Chairman, I am very hopeful that we will be able to include that in the conference report. I am not going to offer an amendment on that in the committee, but I really do believe that it is a very cost-conscious effort to continue this project to completion, because, as I say, it is not a partisan difference. As a matter of fact, the proposal was made, as the gentleman knows, by the Reagan administration and a Republican director of the FDA. But it is one that I think is very important.  In addition, I am concerned, Mr. Chairman, that we have not included in this legislation not only some of the money that has been talked about in terms of Amtrak and transportation, but in particular the election reform legislation that we passed. It was one of the few pieces of legislation that we passed in an overwhelmingly bipartisan fashion. The Speaker was very proud of that. On our side of the aisle we were proud of it. The President in signing the bill indicated it was a bipartisan success.  We pledged to fund that effort, and we imposed deadlines on the States to accomplish certain things that were required to ensure access and accuracy of voting in elections. The deadline for the accomplishment of those objectives is 2006.  The gentleman from Florida (Chairman Young) has been extraordinarily helpful and was a critical player in our initial funding. As the chairman knows, the bill would authorize $1.5 billion additional. We are $1 billion behind. There is $500 million in this bill. I appreciate the chairman's including that. I know he has been supportive of this effort.  But I will be working with the administration again. There is going to be an amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings). I will speak on that. I am not sure that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Hastings) will press that. The problem, of course, is where you take money from to get money for this objective. I think the chairman has a very real problem in that regard.  I am pressing the administration, and I have talked to the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Young) about this, to seek emergency funds from the administration so that this project can be accomplished by the 2006 deadline. I would hope we could work on that.  