Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I remain concerned that the proposed funding for the EITC compliance activities will create an undue burden on our most vulnerable citizens. The bill includes $100 billion to make it more difficult for hardworking families with low incomes to apply for the credit. That does not sound to me like the opportunity of society which the majority party talks so long and often about.  If we must spend that much on EITC compliance, and all of us want to ensure that there is not fraud in the system, we agree on that. However, it would be better spent on hiring more customer service and assistant personnel to make sure that those who President Reagan thought ought to be helped were helped in a positive way by giving them a tax credit as opposed to a handout.  Statistics illustrate that the focus on low-income filers rather than higher-income filers may be unwarranted. Audit rates are not consistent for different income levels. On 4-27 the New York Times said 1 of every 175 individual tax returns was audited in 2002; 1 of every 64 EITC claimants was audited; but 1 of every 120 taxpayers with annual incomes over $100,000 was audited. In other words, we are doing one sixty-fourth in terms of poorer people, and we are doing half of that for wealthier people.  One in about every 400 partnerships were audited. Under the EITC precertification proposal, which is essentially a preaudit, between 1 out of every 4 to 8 EITC claimants would be audited.  That is a big expenditure for very small returns. Approximately 70 percent of all EITC claimants receive tax return assistance from commercial tax preparers. Among taxpayers with incomes above $100,000, the chance of being audited fell 26 percent last year to an all-time low, yet this group is most likely to have income that is easiest to hide.  The overwhelming majority of Americans, whether rich or poor, cooperate and are honest in filing their taxes; but clearly the people with the most income have the most incentive not to disclose income because they have the much greater savings, and in fact they have ways and means to hide it better.  Since 1996, the number of revenue agents has dropped by 14,949 to 11,752 in 2002. The number of collection revenue officers has dropped from 5,537 in 1996 to approximately 3,500 today.  What is the point of all this? The point is if we are going to put resources in, as the chairman has suggested, and I might say the chairman has had a focus on EITC since becoming the chairman, but it is ironic in my opinion that a party that talked about opportunity for hardworking Americans is being so hard on those hard- working Americans.  If there is fraud, we need to ferret it out; but we need to ferret it out whether you are making $10,000 or $100,000 or $1 million. And we ought to do it fairly, across the board, and not target the least among us.  