Speaker, I thank the leader for his comments. I am aware of the fact that the Committee on Rules has been extraordinarily advantaged by the addition of a new chief staffer on that committee who will, I think, add greatly to the consideration of that committee of alternatives.  Mr. Pitts is a man that I have found to be fair and knowledgeable with respect to this House. He is as well an individual who was involved when the Republicans were in the minority of lamenting the fact that we did not give fair and full opportunity of loyal opposition to offer alternative proposals, and I would hope that we would reverse, frankly, the practice that has gone from 1995 to date where increasingly we have reduced the opportunity of the minority party to offer alternatives, either in the nature of substitutes or in amendments to the base bill.  I say that very seriously because I think that my colleagues were frankly correct when they were in the minority, making the proposition that that would improve legislation, and we ought to vote it up or down. If it was good when the gentleman was in the minority, presumably that same principle is good when they are in the majority.  We are tested somewhat when the shoe shifts from foot to foot to see where we want to put that foot I suppose, but I would hope that on this bill, which is a controversial bill, a bill, that is, we believe has great consequence for patients, for doctors, for hospitals, we want to make sure that our people have the best medical service available to them and that our doctors and that our hospitals and that our patients have the ability to work with one another to effect that. We have some ideas on that. We have some ideas how that can be effected, and we are hopeful, respectfully, and we would urge that the Committee on Rules give us a full and fair opportunity to present our alternative ideas if we have them. If we do not have them when we support your proposals, then fine, but if we have alternative ideas, we would urge on legislation of such great consequence to the American public that we fully debate options and ways and means of solving the problems that we are addressing.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, would the gentleman yield?  