Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Once again, once again, this Republican majority shows no compunction about turning even the most bipartisan legislation into a vehicle of divisive and unnecessary partisanship.  The defense authorization traditionally unites Members on both sides of the aisle. I have always voted for it. The American people expect that. Our brave men and women in the service deserve no less. However, today the majority has purposefully loaded up this bill with extraneous and controversial provisions and forced the rule to deny our side of the aisle a fair opportunity to be heard.  Now, the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), the distinguished chairman of the committee, who is now speaking to the Committee on Rules chairman, just spent 10 minutes explaining how reasonable the provisions of the bill are. But they do not have the courage of that representation to allow us to debate fully on the floor and present an alternative.  My, my, my, how confident they must be of the reasonableness of their position. Again, the majority is trying to insulate sweeping policy changes from serious scrutiny by invoking the words ``national security,'' and casting anyone who raises questions as, atbest, an impediment to national security and, at worst, unpatriotic. The further down that road we go, the less democratic we will become.  Make no mistake, this bill contains many, many important provisions. It provides good pay, housing and training for our men and women in uniform, and funds important modernization priorities that will ensure that we have the most technologically advanced military in the world. I support that. Not only that, I have supported it for 23 years in this House.  However, the addition of controversial measures that will gut the civil service system and harm the environment only subvert the democratic process and demean this House. This bill would exempt the Defense Department from compliance with the Endangered Species Act and the Marine Mammal Protection Act, even though both laws currently allow case-by-case exemptions. And here is the crucial point: the Pentagon has never before sought the exemptions that the majority would bestow today.  Fairness. Fairness. The American people expect fairness, and it dictates that the majority make the Rahall-Dingell amendment in order. It was not. The gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Rahall) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), who is the dean of the House, the senior Member in this House of Representatives, yet the Committee on Rules refused to allow him to offer an amendment. That is unconscionable. Furthermore, the process by which the civil service reform measures have been rushed to this floor is nothing short of appalling. This proposal was conceived by a handful of the President's advisers.  Without doubt, there are some problems in the Federal personnel system, reforms that I would support, but our military's stunning success in Iraq shows there is not a crisis. Mr. Speaker, we ought to consider this thoughtfully, and we ought to allow amendments to be offered on this floor which would provide for full debate. We are not doing that.  Vote against this rule. Vote against the previous question.  