Speaker, I say to my friend from Washington State, what we hear over here is enmity, enmity towards the common wheel. I do not mean towards government, I mean towards us coming together as a people to invest in America, to invest in our children, to leave no child behind, to make sure our environment is clean, to make sure that we have the resources to invest in national defense.  Now, those of you who go to work every day and work for a living and get a salary check and have deductions from that salary check, to help your government have a national defense, have the programs for education and health care and NIH research to make our society better, hear me now. Those of you who work every day, let me tell you what the objective of this provision is.  First, we are going to exempt three-tenths of a percent; not exempt 99.7 which the Pomeroy bill does, and it speaks to those small farmers and those small business people who have grown America, who we want to exempt. We are for that. But what it does not do is add gargantuan amounts to the debt and then, let me tell my colleagues what this does. I have $100 million that I inherited from my dad, hooray for me. I will never, ever pay taxes again under the Republican program.  Never, unless it happens to be a sales tax or an excise tax. I will not pay income tax, because this is inherited dollars, and I will have it invested in corporate or savings accounts, and the Republicans want to exempt both dividends from taxation and interest on savings from taxation. So I will never pay taxes again. And, by the way, they also want to exempt capital gains.  Now, if you get most of your income from capital gains, or you get most of your income from dividends, or you get most of your income from interest, you may be for this. But if, however, you are like the overwhelming majority of Americans who get up every day, playby the rules, work hard, and get a salary check, this undermines you, your children, and your families.  Vote for the Pomeroy substitute.  