Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  We just heard a representation of what their bill is going to do. We ought to judge the credibility of those representations. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), October 24, 2001: ``This tax plan is the right medicine for our economy. It is the best way to put people back to work and create jobs.''  After we adopted his policy, we have lost 2.7 million jobs in America.  The gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay) said, ``The Democrats bring to the floor today a tax package that will cost jobs.'' He said that May 27, 1993. That program resulted in the creation of 22 million jobs over the next 8 years and the reduction of the deficit and the creation of 4 years of surplus for the first time in 80 years.  President Bush said of his last tax bill in 2001: ``Tax relief is central to my plan to encourage economic growth and we can proceed with tax relief without fear of budget deficits.'' We now have the largest budget deficit in the history of this country confronting us after the adoption of his plan; and we have just increased, through the House, it has not passed the Senate, $1 trillion in additional debt. That is a debt tax.  The gentleman from New York (Mr. Reynolds) talks about the $45 that they are going to pay in taxes, but the gentleman from New York (Mr. Reynolds) does not talk about the additional thousands of dollars that they are going to have to pay on the debt that has been created and the interest that his kids will have to pay.  Mr. Speaker, today this Republican leadership slams the door of democracy in this House in a style befitting a third-rate dictatorship. It utterly ignores the 140 million Americans who are represented by Democrats. While we preach the value and power of democracy in Iraq and elsewhere, the Republican majority is denying it right here in this House right now.  The Republicans have not just refused to give the Democrats an opportunity to offer an alternative to this reckless, unaffordable, and unfair tax bill; they have breached their solemn obligation to let this House work its will, and the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier) in 1993 said that was wrong. I heard the quote so many times: ``Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.''  The Republicans control the House, they control the Senate, and they control the presidency; and they have corrupted this House with this rule and other rules like it. A closed rule, a gag rule. It does not allow debates, it does not allow alternatives, and it promotes a program that will further decimate the economy of this country and be extraordinarily unfair to middle-income taxpayers while advantaging some wealthy people, not all; and it will be bad for America.  Reject this rule; reject this bill. Let us do fairness for our taxpayers and for America.  