Speaker, our brave men and women in uniform continue to risk their lives at this hour in Iraq, and let there be no mistake: there cause is noble.  They are disarming and deposing a ruthless tyrant who has brutalized the Iraqi people for more than 20 years, and who has threatened the security of the Middle East region and the world.  As the result of the courage, sacrifice, patriotism and professionalism of our American Armed Forces--as well as our Coalition allies--the Iraqi people have broken free of Hussein's stranglehold.  Who could not be moved by the scenes broadcast from Baghdad, where thousands of newly liberated Iraqi citizens celebrated Hussein's defeat?  However, danger still lurks around every corner. Thus, we pray for a successful conclusion to this war and our troops' safe return.  We also pray for the loved ones and families of the American servicemen and servicewomen who will not be returning safely to our shores; those who have given their lives for their Nation and the cause of freedom.  And we say a special prayer for the seven Americans who are listed as prisoners of war and eight who are listed as missing.  As we come to this House floor to commemorate national former POW Recognition Day, which was observed this past Wednesday, April 9, let us join together and offer this solemn pledge: the United States of America shall never--never--rest until every single American who is believed to be in enemy hands is freed, and every single American who is missing is fully accounted for.  Freedom's defenders must never be forgotten, and thus our mission in Iraq is far from accomplished.  Our former prisoners of war are national heroes who deserve our gratitude and respect.  Their service placed them in dangerous circumstances, causing their capture and imprisonment, often in atrocious conditions.  We also owe a debt of gratitude to their families for weathering agonizing uncertainty while demonstrating support for their loved ones' service to our country.  Although former POWs returned home, too often they carried the extra burden of physical and emotional scares.  They are a testament to history's eternal truth--freedom is not free--as well as its unforgiving lesson: the price of freedom is always great.  We remember these courageous heroes in the shadow of the dramatic rescue of Pfc Jessica Lynch on April 2.  She owes her life to the American commandos who stormed the hospital where she was being held and rescued her, as well as the brave Iraqi man who risked certain death by providing our troops with accurate information regarding her whereabouts.  We recognize the tremendous sacrifice of former prisoners of war like Jessica, and we pledge that our Nation will keep its promises to all former POWs and veterans.  Let me close, however, by saying that even as our servicemen and women are overseas defending our values, freedom, democracy, human rights and the rule of law, there are schemes afoot in this very Capitol to give them short shrift once they return home.  While President Bush has extended his appreciation to members of veterans service organizations for ``the lifetime of service you have given to our Nation,'' some have proposed cutting veterans' benefits and health care by more than $28 billion to help pay for a tax cut.  This is not only bad policy, it is, in my view, immoral.  This Nation, as far as I am concerned, has an irrevocable contract with America's veterans. And it is one that we must always honor.  Our veterans and former POWs deserve more than medals and a thank you for their service and sacrifice.  At a time when we are sending thousands of America's sons and daughters into harm's way, we should be investing in the programs and services our veterans and former prisoners of war deserve, not pulling back on our promises.  We must stand behind our words of gratitude by honoring the commitment we made to them for answering freedom's call.  