Speaker, the chairman can say over and over and over again that he reaches out his hand in comity in seeking bipartisan participation. But no matter how often he says it, no matter how sincerely drips the lines from his mouth, the reality is starkly different. Yes, we reject a sham offer for a sham process, predetermined and not inclusive, a process that is leading to the injuring of our country, the undermining of our economy, the destruction of jobs. Those are the facts, as the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) said earlier. The creation of gargantuan debt. And, yes, as the chairman knows but will not repeat, under Mr. Reagan and Mr. Bush, their budget request, forget about what Democrats did, their budget request requested more spending than the Congress gave them in those 12 years. ThisPresident has asked for more spending than we had last year.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this motion to instruct, not caveated, not if you mean this or that, as the chairman says. This motion instructs conferees on the tax bill to include the provisions on State aid as provided for in the Senate. Frankly, I know it galls many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, none more so I think than the chairman, that the States are now asking the Federal Government for help in weathering their worst fiscal crisis since World War II, caused in large part by the fiscal policies of this administration. Do we ignore the fact that many States are now considering massive layoffs in an effort to save money and balance their budgets? The chairman would say yes. Do we ignore the fact that States are now considering Draconian cuts to Medicaid and other vital services for our most vulnerable citizens? The chairman would say yes. Do we ignore the fact that at least one State, Kentucky, is even considering letting prison inmates out early to save money?  Mr. Speaker, that puffed-up piety, that dripping sanctimony that so often laces the lectures on fiscal responsibility that our Republican friends are so fond of making would have far more credibility if the GOP actually practiced what it preached. But the party that turned record budget surpluses into record deficits, the party that squandered a projected $5.6 trillion surplus, and the party that later today intends to vote for a $350 billion bill, it says, but everybody on this floor who is at all honest knows it is a trillion dollars, plunging us deeper into debt, demanding a record increase in the statutory debt limit should not be lecturing anyone on fiscal responsibility.  This motion instructs conferees not to increase the deficit, which the CBO now projects will be well over $300 billion, and not to include language to raise the debt limit. Our Democratic alternative, of course, was paid for with offsets. The GOP bill is not.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you care about your country, if you care about honesty with the American public, if you care about any personal responsibility that we have as Members of the Congress, you will vote for this motion to instruct and against this package that will harm our country.  