 Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this Democratic motion to instruct House conferees on the supplemental appropriations bill.  It's just. It's fair. And it enjoys bipartisan support in both the House and the Senate, even if the Bush administration has labeled it ``objectionable.''  In short, this motion would instruct House conferees to recede to the Senate provision providing an additional 26 weeks of unemployment compensation to workers in the air transportation industry.  This industry and its workers have borne the brunt of the continuing war on terrorism and have been wracked by our sluggish economy.  In fact, the industry is expected to lose $6.7 billion this year.  Approximately 200,000 airline workers have lost their jobs since September 11, 2001, and another 70,000 workers are expected to be laid off.  Last week, the world's largest carrier, AMR Corporation's American Airlines, averted Chapter 11 bankruptcy by negotiating $1.8 billion in labor concessions.  And U.S. Airways only recently emerged from bankruptcy after winning approval for $900 million federal loan guarantee.  Last week, I also had the opportunity to meet with representatives of the industry and airline workers.  And they know that their fate is inextricably linked; that one cannot survive without the other.  Today, through this motion, we recognize that and say: What's fair for the industry is fair for workers.  In fact, members on both sides of the aisle want to help.  This motion would instruct conferees to agree to a provision that is very similar to bipartisan legislation introduced last week by our colleagues, Mr. English of Pennsylvania and Mr. Oberstar of Minnesota [H.R. 1553, the ``Air Transportation Employees Assistance Act''].  The Senate has already passed a plan to extend unemployment insurance benefits in its version of this legislation.  The Members of this body should do the same thing to aid this struggling industry, and its workers and their families.  That's precisely what this motion to instruct seeks.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  