Speaker, reclaiming my time, of course, as the gentleman knows, we all would like to have a bill; but there are, obviously, differences of opinions as to what ought to be included in that bill, which always makes the legislative process difficult and time consuming. But this is another example, Mr. Leader, whereon Mr. Breaux and Mr. Baucus on the Senate side have been included, to some degree, in the conference. However, on this side, none of our Members have been included in meetings related to the policies that ought to be included in the conference report.  I have mentioned now the appropriation bills, the energy bill, and now the prescription drug bill. It is of great concern to us that there is an obvious pattern of not including the minority, who are appointed conferees by the Speaker, not including them in discussions. And in light of the fact that there are no meetings formally of conferences and are not noted for conference meetings, it is impossible for us to know, A, what is going on; B, to have input; and, C, reach any kind of an agreement which might make the passage of prescription drugs, child care tax credits, an energy bill, appropriations bills, or any other legislation on behalf of the American public, made easier. I do not know if there is anything further the leader can say on that.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman will yield, the Members willhave every one of their rights protected when it is time for the conference to formally act on a bill. Certainly they will be included. As the gentleman knows, around here, the meetings that are being held in different areas and in different subsets of Members are being held with Members that want a bill and are trying to get a bill done, rather than to obstruct a bill. And Members' rights are always protected whenever they want to change a bill, substitute it, or whatever; and in the formal meetings of a conference, they can do so. But it wastes everybody's time, quite frankly; the reason for a conference committee is to be small with just a few Members so that we can work it out and get it done in an expedited manner. So those meetings are being held with Members who want to get a bill to the floor and to the President.  