Speaker, I yield myself 6 minutes.  Mr. Speaker, first, let us stipulate, I hope, that no one on this floor is pro-abortion any more than George Bush is pro-war. I supported President Bush, and I am not pro-war. There are times, though, when the health of the mother, her life, and, yes, her psychological health require and dictate, and the Supreme Court has upheld her right to seek, the termination of a pregnancy.  I do not believe that anyone here truly believes in his or her heart that abortion is a desired outcome to a woman's pregnancy. And I think, Mr. Speaker, without question, that this belief is even stronger when an abortion is obtained in the late stages of pregnancy. Yet the authors of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act cannot escape the indisputable fact that their legislation would not prevent one late-term abortion or, I suggest, any other abortion at any other time, period. Not simply because the legislation they offer is undoubtedly unconstitutional, but also because there are alternative ways to terminate a pregnancy.  If my colleagues' interpretation of their legislation is that it precludes all types of termination of pregnancy, then they ought to state it as such. If, however, as they state, it is simply the elimination of a procedure, with admittedly alternative procedures available, then it does not prevent any abortion.  Mr. Speaker, on an issue of this magnitude, an issue that is fraught with emotion, that is susceptible to demagoguery and that requires us to balance a woman's right to personal autonomy with the rights of an unborn fetus, this House should seize what common ground exists.  Common ground, we do not find common ground in this House very often. We ought to find it on this issue. That is precisely what this bipartisan substitute, the Late-Term Abortion Restriction Act would do.  In short, this substitute addresses the very heart of the matter in this contentious debate, the termination of viable fetuses in the late stages of pregnancy. Unlike the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, this bill focuses on when abortions are performed rather than how they are performed. It would ban all late-term abortions. Hear me: It would ban all late-term abortions constitutionally. That is to say, the Supreme Court has articulated exceptions that must be in legislation; specifically, protection of the life of the mother and the health of the mother. Thus, this substitute comports with the constitutional requirements articulated in Stenberg v. Carhart.  Recall that the Court in Stenberg struck down a Nebraska law prescribing partial-birth abortions because it, one, lacked the requisite exceptions, and two, impermissibly placed an undue burden upon a woman's right to choose. It is evident that where the Late-Term Abortion Restriction Act is constitutional, the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, which deliberately excludes an exception for the health of the mother, is not.  The authors of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act recognize the constitutional infirmity of their bill and thus seek to alter the facts upon which Stenberg was decided. Specifically, they reject the court's findings that partial-birth abortion may in some circumstances be the safest abortion procedure, and they state that partial-birth abortion is never necessary. But let me read to my distinguished friend a justice that I do not usually support the opinion of. In this case I think he is absolutely correct.  Justice Clarence Thomas, in a different context, says if Congress ``could make a statute constitutional simply by finding that black is white or freedom, slavery, judicial review would be an elaborate farce.'' It is not an elaborate farce and, therefore, we cannot simply state that this is constitutional or this is not necessary. That will be subject to proof and the Court's determination.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this substitute, which resembles the law in 41 States of the Nation, including thechairman's State and my own. Let us not be driven further apart by our differences, but seize what common ground exists in this daunting debate.  I would tell my friend that our statute is not a criminal statute. If my friend will read it, it is a civil statute, a civil penalty, and, therefore, the burden of proof would be much less. And I say that in this context: If the doctor is a charlatan, if the doctor is not going to follow the law, no matter what we pass will make no difference. However, it will make a difference in the final analysis because the court, the jury, the finder of fact and the finder of the law will in fact be able to make a determination that there was not the risk of serious adverse health consequences to the mother and, therefore, in that instance, a late-term abortion was not appropriate.  I am not for late-term abortion except in an instance where the life of the mother must be saved or serious health care consequences must be avoided. But let me say this. Not all of my colleagues, some are, I think, intellectually consistent, but some give credence to an exception for abortion if it results from rape or incest. That, of course, is a psychological exception not a physical exception.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  