Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), the chairman; and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton), the ranking member, for bringing this important resolution to the floor today. Like all Members, I will strongly support this resolution; but let none of us forget, while the battle of Baghdad has been won, the peace that all of us hope for in Iraq is yet to be achieved and our brave men and women in uniform and our allies are still in harm's way.  Today, The Washington Post reports that another American soldier died on Tuesday after being attacked by a small arms fire and rocket-propelled grenade at an Army checkpoint 50 miles north of Baghdad. May God bless his soul and provide comfort to his family. Our grateful Nation will forever be indebted to his service and sacrifice, as it is to the service and sacrifice of those comrades mentioned by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) who also lost their lives and were injured in the defense of freedom.  Mr. Speaker, having witnessed Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq, there can be little doubt that the United States of America has the finest, best-led, best-equipped and best-educated fighting force in the history of the world. Our military is smarter, faster, and more lethal than it was 12 years ago during Desert Storm, and it was very good then. It took 250,000 troops to topple Saddam Hussein and liberate the Iraqi people. Twelve years ago, it took 500,000 troops to oust him from Kuwait. About 90 percent of our bombs and missiles were precision-guided in Operation Iraqi Freedom. In Desert Storm, that figure was 10 percent.  I want to congratulate the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter); I want to congratulate the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) and all the members of the Committee on Armed Services for giving our troops the tools to become better, better equipped, better able to defend freedom and protect themselves.  It is evident, therefore, that assertions regarding the American military being in decline, hollowed out, are not ready, are and always were patently wrong. Moreover, only an uninformed person, I think, would deny that our Commander in Chief led a fighting force which was bequeathed to him by his predecessor President Clinton and bequeathed to him by his predecessor George Bush and also by President Reagan.  As Vice President Cheney remarked at the Air Force Academy 2 years ago, ``No President ever deploys the force he builds. There is nothing quick about preparation.'' That is a message that we must always remain ready, that we must always support the strength of our military and the safety of our personnel.  As the Taliban or the Hussein regime could attest, the myth of a hollowed-out American military is nothing more than that, a myth. I rise with my colleagues to thank, to support and commend our brave men and women in the Armed Forces of the United States of America.  