Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time, and I rise on behalf of those on my side of the aisle, and I join the majority leader in urging all our Members to vote for this piece of legislation. I stand with him also in congratulating our chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations.  There are no two more faithful Members to this institution than the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey). They have worked together, they have overcome disagreements to bring to this floor a piece of legislation that deserves bipartisan support.  There are differences, deep differences, in this body, deep convictions held by Members on both sides of the aisle with respect to the war and the rectitude of our action, but that is not what this bill is about. This bill is about ensuring the support for the troops that we have sent abroad to carry out objectives of the United States of America and, indeed, of a large number of the international community.  We will be united in that support of our troops and united in support of the success of that effort. We see countless Iraqis waving and welcoming American troops to their land, and we have seen the fact that there is also distress in that land and we want to assist, assist quickly, the humanitarian relief and assist quickly in the rebuilding.  So on behalf of my side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate you, as well, for your leadership. Today is a day of bipartisanship. Today is a day when we will reflect to America that we are united in our commitment to support our troops.  There will be, Mr. Speaker, I am sure, after we pass this legislation, a number of Members who will want to make some comments, and we expect them to do so. It is right and proper that they do so in this Democratic institution. But I urge all our Members, as the majority leader has urged his Members, to support this legislation which supports our troops, supports our effort and does so in a way, as the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) has pointed out so eloquently, that is consistent with the Constitution of the United States.  Our Founding Fathers did not draft that document by mistake. It was their considered judgment that the collective wisdom in a democracy is what preserved freedom, is what preserved a Nation, a free people, as opposed to a people who would be overseen by one individual or one small group of individuals in the executive department.  In closing, let me say that there is a picture in the Rotunda of the Capitol of the United States. It is of particular significance to me, as the former President of the Maryland Senate. It depicts the old Senate Chamber in Annapolis. In that picture, George Washington on December 23, 1783, is resigning his commission as commander in chief of the Continental Army. My colleagues will note, when they look at that picture, that the members of the legislature of the Continental Congress are seated. They are seated at the request of General Washington, so that they would indicate their superior stature to General Washington.  Of course, at that point in time, there was no superior person to General Washington, perhaps in the history of our country, but certainly at that time. But it was his conviction that it was the Representatives of the people who ought to rule. And it has been stated over and over in this House, the people rule.  This bill preserves that principle, an important principle for democracy.  I thank the chairman and the ranking member, I thank the Speaker on behalf of all the Members for bringing us to this point where we can together, as Americans, not as Democrats, not as Republicans, support our troops, support our country.  