1152, bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the important work done by U.S. Fire Administration R. David Paulison and his dedicated staff in Emmittsburg, MD and Washington, DC.  The Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 established the United States Fire Administration and its National Fire Academy to reduce life and economic losses due to fire and related emergencies, through leadership, advocacy, coordination and support.  Since that time, through data collection, public education, research ad training efforts, USFA has helped reduce fire deaths by at least half--making our communities and our citizens safer. For the past three years, the Fire Administrator has been tasked with administering the Assistance to Firefighters Grant program, created by Congress to adequately train and equip our career and volunteer firefighters across the country.  This $750 million program is vital to our firefighters, too many of whom risk their lives on a daily basis to protect our homes and our families without the modern equipment and advanced training they deserve. The Fire Grant program has succeeded at getting much-needed dollars to fire departments in fair, efficient manner, and USFA has been widely praised for its work in administering the program.  Authority for the Fire Grant program has now been moved to the Department of Homeland Security, and Members of the Fire Caucus, and all supporters of the fire community, will closely monitor the administration of the Grant program to guarantee that it continues to meet the needs of our fire departments.  Madam Speaker, this legislation also contains provisions important to the National Fallen Firefighters Foundations, which was established more than a decade ago through the leadership of Senator Paul Sarbanes to create an organization that would properly honor all of America's fallen fire heroes--and take care of the surviving families and loved ones as they cope with their grief and attempt to move on after their loss.  The Foundation carries out this mission with great compassion and dedication, and they have achieved a tremendous record of assisting the families of our fallen firefighters through the many programs, projects and activities they promote throughout the year. The provisions included in this legislation will allow the Foundation to continue, and to improve upon, the important work we have charged them to do.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this legislation, and urge my colleagues to do the same.  