I also thank him for his excitement and because he is so excited about passing this, I want to tell him, and I say this very seriously on behalf of our leader, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi) and myself, we are prepared to give you unanimous consent to take the Senate bill from the desk, put it on the floor and pass it by unanimous consent. We were excited about it, too. But much more than being excited about it, we think it is an essential act of fairness to assist some of the neediest working tax-paying families in America who were left on the cutting room floor when it came out of conference. And if you share, as I think you do, or at least you express that excitement and enthusiasm for accomplishing that objective, we may not be able to accomplish everything. But we can accomplish some things. And we ought not to have everything fail or some things fail because we could not do everything.  And I say very sincerely to the leader, on our side, we are prepared to give unanimous consent on Monday night, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday or Saturday or as long as we want to stay here next week for the purposes of passing that, so those families who were included but cut out in the conference would be included and would participate in the advantages under the tax bill that has already been signed by the President.  Mr. DeLAY. I greatly appreciate the gentleman's generous offer, but I remind the gentleman that that Senate bill has nothing on it that would give tax relief to our fighting men andwomen and their families. And that particular provision passed this House and has been sitting over in the Senate for a very, very long time. It is a provision that had huge support in this House. And along with giving working families their $1,000 per child tax credit and extending it to 2004, rather than what the gentleman is suggesting, allowing it to go away in 2005, giving the working families that you have such concern for only 2 years of benefits, we think they ought to get the benefits permanently, but if we cannot get it permanently, we would like those benefits to be until 2010.  So if we just take up the Senate bill, they may enjoy it for 1 or 2 years, but then it goes away in 2005. We think they ought to be able to count on it until 2010, and we think military families ought to have the tax relief they deserve.  