Speaker, it is more than appropriate on this Friday afternoon of Labor Day Week that we recognize the enduring relevance and enormous contributions of the Teamsters Union, which tomorrow--September 6, 2003--celebrates its 100th Anniversary. It is an historical imperative that every American committed to justice and fairness must acknowledge.  Allow me to congratulate General President James Hoffa and all the men and women of the Teamsters on this important occasion. For through their hard work, all of us have benefited.  The 40-hour work week that we take for granted far too often in this nation was not a gift bestowed on us by corporate chieftains. It was a hard-won victory secured by the men and women in the organized labor movement, including the Teamsters Union, who literally built this nation through their blood, sweat and tears.  Paid holidays, including the three-day Labor Day Weekend. Health and safety regulations. Employer-sponsored health care. And employer-sponsored pensions. These are just a few of the monumental benefits brought to you by the Teamsters and organized labor movement.  Ever since its founding, the Teamsters have been at the forefront of the labor movement to improve the lives of working men and women and their families. The Teamsters fought for equal rights for all workers, regardless of race, creed or gender. The Teamsters fought for African-Americans who sought jobs traditionally held by white men at the beginning of World War One. The Teamsters fought for a woman's right to equal pay before suffrage was popular.  Today, the Teamsters Union--with 1.4 million members--continues to fight for working families, who simply want and deserve justice, dignity and opportunity. Only the uninformed would fail to recognize that many of the gains secured by the Teamsters over the past 100 years are at grave risk today--from the assault on the right of workers to collectively bargain, to attacks on overtime regulations, to the effort to gut compensatory time, to the failure to ensure that the minimum wage is fairly adjusted for inflation, and many more.  It's clear that, despite the Teamsters' great achievements over the last century, and all the advances that this great union is responsible for, its efforts on behalf of working American families must go on. And I know that is precisely what the Teamsters--under the tremendous leadership of General President Hoffa--intend.  Again, I congratulate President Hoffa and all Teamsters on this 100th Anniversary. Your efforts not only make us proud, they make us a better nation.