I would note that earlier today, of course, we passed a continuing resolution that will fund the government through November 7, next Friday. We are not going to meet next Friday. It is my presumption, therefore, that the gentleman or the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), or both of you, contemplate an additional CR.  You have not mentioned anything about the week of November 10 either, Mr. Leader. As you know, November 11 is Veterans' Day.  Assuming, as I assume, that we will not finish our business by the close of business on November 6, and in light of the fact the gentleman announced we will not be here on the seventh, can the gentleman for scheduling purposes give Members an idea of what might be the schedule for the week of November 10, again in light of the fact that November 11 is a day that most Members will want to be home with their veterans and citizens.  I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. DeLAY. I appreciate the gentleman yielding. As the gentleman knows, the CR we passed earlier today does go through next Friday, and, as we get closer to next Friday, we will sometime next week have to reassess the progress of the various appropriations conferences and determine what length of time a likely additional CR would have to run.  We are going to spend a lot of time this weekend and the first of next week trying to figure out what the future holds. I do not expect us to have votes on Monday, November 10, or on Tuesday, November 11, which is Veterans' Day, as the gentleman has said. But on Wednesday, if we come back Wednesday, we would not have votes before 6:30 p.m.  We do anticipate having votes that week, but I just cannot say how late into the week we would be considering legislation.  I can say that we had hoped to finish the first session of this Congress by the first week of October, but, since that time, with the exception of the supplemental that we just passed, we basically have been waiting for the other body to catch up with us.  I have repeatedly predicted that we will soon reach the end, but, since we have not, and I am very disappointed that it does not look like we will reach the end by November 7, maybe it is best I just stop guessing as to when we are going to end. But we will give Members as much advance notice as we can. For right now, I must say that Members should not make any pre-Thanksgiving plans.  