Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, today the leadership of this House breathes life back into the spirit of Ebeneezer Scrooge and for the second year in a row ignores the plight of America's unemployed during the holiday season. The majority's failure to extend emergency unemployment benefits for the long-term unemployed is not only unconscionable; it is cold-hearted.  In May, President Bush said, ``My economic plan is summed up in one word: jobs.'' But the truth is, even after 4 straight months of anemic job growth, President Bush is on course to become the first President since Herbert Hoover to preside over a net jobs loss during his 4-year term.  Yes, the economy added 57,000 jobs in November, but here is what they do not say: the economy has to create 150,000 jobs a month just to keep pace with the new folks coming into the employment arena. Overall, there are 8.7 million unemployed Americans today; and nearly one-fourth of them, Mr. Speaker, some 2 million people, have been jobless for more than 26 weeks.  Mr. Speaker, that is the highest percentage of long-term unemployment since July of 1983, 20 years ago; and there are about 4.2 million other workers who want a job, but are not even counted among the unemployed.  The reality is this: if the President and Congressional Republicans refuse to extend Federal temporary unemployment benefits, which are scheduled to be phased out beginning December 21, an estimated 80,000 to 90,000 jobless workers who exhaust their State benefits every week will be completely cut off. That is 80,000 to 90,000 people per week.  That is not only callous; it is unnecessary. We have the funding to extend these benefits. That is right, there is $20 billion in the Federal fund dedicated to unemployment benefits, which is financed by unemployment taxes deducted from workers' paychecks.  Mr. Speaker, I know the President and our Republican colleagues would like nothing more than to pronounce our economy healed and to unfurl the banner reading ``Mission Accomplished,'' but it is plain that millions of Americans continue to be hurt. The least we can do is reach out a helping hand.  Mr. Speaker, we did this last year, and we left 800,000 people on December 31, 2002, falling off the unemployment roles. With the money in the pot to help them, why do we leave this day without addressing this problem? There is no explanation, Mr. Speaker. I predict to you that the President will, 2 weeks from now, say, oh, my goodness, we should have done that.  