Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding time to me, and I rise in opposition to this rule.  Mr. Speaker, there is a pattern in this rule. That pattern is to gag approximately 140 million Americans, to not allow their Representatives to offer amendments which the majority has made in order for themselves, but not for the 140 million Americans represented by the minority.  There appears to be no shame in that. It appears to be the arrogant exercise of pure political power. They can laugh if they will; but the American public will, over time, recognize that half of America is being shut out.  The gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) seeks to offer an amendment. That amendment is to invest in homeland security, the safety of our cities, the safety of our ports, the safety of our railroads, the continuing safety of our airlines, and the safety of our neighborhoods.  What this rule says is, we will have points of order. That is esoteric. What does that mean? The American public does not know. Essentially, what it means is we will allow ourselves, we Republicans who are in charge, the ability to offer an amendment like the gentleman from Wisconsin's (Mr. Obey).  Now, somebody on the Committee on Rules is shaking their heads. It is their bill that I refer to. It is their bill that is not consistent with the rules. In the rule, they say it does not matter for them, they can exercise the power to jam it; but we will not give to Democrats the ability to offer an amendment to adequately fund the security of New York City; of Baltimore, Maryland; of each and every community in our country.  I regret that. It is a bad rule, and I join the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) in urging Members to vote against the previous question so that we can provide a rule which will allow for fair and full consideration, and let that proposal, if it is deemed by those in the majority not to be consistent with the security of the American public, vote against it; but at least have the courage, have the courage and good sense and consideration for the 140 million people represented by this side of the aisle to allow them to be heard. Allow them to have an amendment to be considered on this floor. That is democracy. That is what the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) seeks.  