Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to the distinguished whip of the Democratic Party.  Mr. Speaker, our Republican colleagues, in my opinion, should review the work of Sir Isaac Newton. It was Newton, after all, who wrote 4 centuries ago: to every action, there is always opposed an equal reaction. Today we are seeing that principle play out right before our eyes.  Earlier this year, the majority party enacted its third tax cut in 3 years, the most recent one giving America's millionaires an average tax cut of $93,500. And what do we suppose is the reaction to that action? Underfunding the No Child Left Behind Act by $8 billion? Yes. Cutting heating assistance for our Nation's poor? Certainly. And the smallest percentage increase in funding for the National Institutes of Health in 18 years? Indeed, Mr. Speaker, it is true.  The 2.5 percent increase for NIH in the House-passed version of the Labor-HHS-Education appropriation bill, which is the same increase proposed by the Bush administration, pales in comparison to the 15 percent annual increases NIH has received in recent years under our bipartisan program to double the medical research budget. I would say, parenthetically, we actually did not do that. The number got to a double, but because we added $1.7 billion in additional responsibilities for our biomedical terrorist research, actually we did not reach the double. But the proposed 2.5 percent increase for NIH fails to keep up with inflation in research costs and will not allow for any real increase in research efforts. In other words, this is a retreat.  This appropriation even fails to provide funds to complete the John E. Porter Neuroscience Research Center, which is now under construction on the NIH campus.  Mr. Speaker, the 3.5 percent increase for NIH in the Senate is certainly preferable to what this body passed. But even that 3.5 percent increase would fail to cover the cost of renewing ongoing grants at committed levels and would barely keep pace with inflation. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important motion that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bell) has made to instruct offered by our side of the aisle, and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bell) in particular, to insist on the highest funding levels possible for NIH. We should not permit, Mr. Speaker, tax cuts for the most affluent Americans to squeeze out funding for research on Alzheimer's, cancer, heart disease, multiple sclerosis, and a host of other health concerns that affect the American people.  Isaac Newton was correct. For every action, there is an opposite reaction. Cutting NIH is that reaction.  