Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran), for yielding me this time, and I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Kingston) for his leadership on this bill.  This is an institutional bill. This is a bill which is designed to allow the legislative body to carry out its constitutional functions of overseeing a mammoth executive department and to make sure that, in fact, we have checks and balances. So although it may not be exciting, it is critical, as all of us, I think, on this floor know, to the exercise of our constitutional responsibility. So I clearly rise in strong support of this legislation.  Obviously, any measure that trims spending from a previous fiscal year does so by proposing reductions in some programs. I would like to comment on a few provisions that are particularly important. One arm of Congress for which H.R. 2657 proposes a 1.3 percent reduction is the United States Capitol Police. We have all talked about that. Many of my colleagues know that on the Committee on House Administration and on the Subcommittee on Legislative for a number of years, I have been a strong supporter, as most people in this body have, of the Capitol Police. It symbolizes, it seems to me, the safety of democracy in many ways. Of course, as all of us know, tragically, a few years ago, we lost two members of the Capitol Police force, Officers Gibson and Chestnut, protecting democracy and this House, these visitors that come to their Capitol, and, yes, the Members and staff who work here.  Mr. Speaker, I have looked at this budget very carefully, and I am confident that the proposed $212 million that have been appropriated for the time being are sufficient. I know the committee wanted to ensure that that was the case, and I thank them for their careful study and review, and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) has said the same thing.  Since 1997, and particularly since the tragedy of 9/11 and the tragedy that occurred to us in this Capitol, Congress has substantially increased the size and budget of the Capitol Police. I believe that was warranted. In 1997, we appropriated $75.39 million, almost .4 million. In 2003, we appropriated $240 million, a very substantial increase, appropriate given the security concerns.  Make no mistake about it, these large increases were essential to make up for deficiencies that we saw and that we were confronted with when we discovered tragically in 1998 the Capitol Police needed more resources to secure all access points and protect not just the lives of the people who work here, but also, as I said, the visitors.  The events of 9/11 were another wake-up call that no American landmark is off limits to terrorists, including the Capitol complex. Most of us believe that that plane that those brave passengers brought down in the fields of Pennsylvania was, in fact, being directed at this Capitol dome, one of the great symbols of freedom in the world.  Let me speak about Chief Gainer. Chief Gainer does not come from Maryland, but he is still a very good fellow, as the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood) said. I want to thank he and his able staff. These increases have been invested in a wide range of essential programs by Chief Gainer and his people; an expanded force, better equipment, protective infrastructure, and improved training. But as the report accompanying H.R. 2657 points out, there is concern over the continuation of such large growth for the Capitol Police without a comprehensive strategic plan.  I think that report is correct. Fortunately, a strategic plan is being developed. Once completed, it will help the Capitol Police deploy their resources in the most efficient manner possible with the greatest protection possible.  A second area that is getting a reduction is the Architect of the Capitol. As many know, the Committee on Appropriations has been concerned about the level and quality of the project management and acquisition planning in the Architect of the Capitol's organization, particularly with regards to the construction of the Capitol Visitors Center. I am a strong supporter, as I think all of us are, of this facility, but the committee is correct in being concerned about the construction schedule and the construction cost. Later this month an oversight hearing on the CVC will be held. I am confident this hearing will help us make more informed spending and policy decisions with regard to the visitors center.  One matter that should concern every Member of this body, in addition to the visitors center, is the fair treatment of workers, including temporary workers, employed by the legislative branch. I want to thank Liz Dawson and the staff of the committee both on the majority side and on the minority side for continuing to focus on this. Section 133 of the Legislative Appropriations Act of 2002, which became law on November 12, 2001, prohibits the Architect of the Capitol from employing temporary workers for long periods without providing eligibility for employee benefits.  Mr. Speaker, this is not happening. Much to my dismay, the Architect has not implemented section 133 more than 2 years after it was the law of the land, despite the clearest of congressional intentions and the fact that the General Accounting Office has determined that section 133 provides the Architect with the authority to treat temporary workers fairly. This is unacceptable behavior.  During markup 2 weeks ago, I offered an amendment which was adopted by voice vote which restates section 133. My expectation with this amendment is simple: That Mr. Hantman will finally appreciate that Congress meant what it said 2 years ago when it instructed his office to fairly treat temporary workers.  One provision of today's measure that does distress me, and I follow up with what the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LaHood) said, I agree with him 100 percent, we need to thank our staffs, incredibly talented, skilled, critical people to the accomplishment of our objectives and our responsibility. But in this bill, unfortunately, the raise we have given them is less than the raise that we give to all other executive employees.  I am very hopeful that before we complete consideration of this bill, in the final analysis our employees will be given the 4.1 percent increase that I hope that all the executive department will be given and that we have already given to the military. Our staff is incredible. We ought to say thank you. But in addition to that, we ought to ensure that they are treated at least as well as we expect our executive department employees to be treated as it relates to the COLA.  