Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time, and I thank him for his leadership.  Mr. Chairman, today the self-proclaimed compassionate conservatives dropped their guard and a little bit of a charade, in my opinion.  This hard-hearted welfare reform bill literally mocks the increasing number of Americans who are struggling to make ends meet, and it forces cash-strapped States to swallow a huge unfunded mandate. This bill barks, Get a job, but it turns a blind eye to the most obvious question facing any job seeker today: Where?  When Democrats and Republicans came together in 1996 and pursuant to President Clinton's campaign in 1992 when he said he wanted to see welfare end as we knew it, we came together in a bipartisan fashion; and he signed that bill, ending welfare as we knew it. This Nation was enjoying the longest peacetime expansion of our economy in 50 years. Twenty-two million new jobs were created during the '90s.  I voted for the welfare reform 7 years ago because I strongly support the principle that a person has to earn what they receive, and if they receive assistance, they have a responsibility to pursue the ability to work and support themselves and their children; but oh, how circumstances have changed, Mr. Chairman.  Today our economy is stagnating. It is in the worst hiring slump in nearly 20 years. More than 8 million jobless Americans are looking for work, and more than 2 million jobs have been lost since President Bush took office. Yet this GOP bill blithely ignores reality.  It would impose unrealistic work requirements on recipients, even forcing mothers with children under the age of 6 to double the number of hours they are required to work each week to 40. At the same time, it utterly fails to provide the funding that is needed to back up these new work requirements. Where was the passion to get away from unfunded mandates that I heard so much about in the early '90s before the Republicans took control?  The bill passes the buck to the States, which will be forced to spend an estimated $11 billion over the next 5 years to implement the new rules. How do we expect the States to pay for this unfunded mandate? They were forced to address a $49 billion budget shortfall in fiscal 2003, and according to the National Conference of State Legislatures face a minimum $68.5 billion shortfall in 2004.  Mr. Chairman, on its own merits this bill is bad enough; but when considered in the context of the failed economic policies of this administration, it is oblivious to the realities confronting our people and our States. The Republican proposal cracks down on the single mom who the gentleman from Florida, my good friend, referred to as a hero. This bill cracks down on that single mom who is trying her best to work and still take care of her kids. At the same time it supports a plan that would give the top 1 percent of America's taxpayers over a $25,000 tax cut. Where is the compassion in that? Where is the commitment to leave no child behind in that?  I urge my colleagues, Mr. Chairman, to vote for the Democratic substitute which increases work expectations but also assists the States in accomplishing that objective. It would impose tough, but fair, work requirements. It would increase mandatory funding for child care by $11 billion over 5 years. It speaks to the bipartisan agreement that we had, expecting work but also expecting us to help those who cannot find work, who cannot work.  