Chairman, the effect of this amendment will be to transfer $8.2 million from the construction fund for the transportation building which we have cleared cannot be spent this year in 2004. It will be spent in 2006, and we did not want to damage that building because we are very strong supporters of that building, and put $8.26 million for the general aviation airports into the Washington metropolitan area. I would like to speak about it and then have a little discussion with the chairman and then perhaps take some action and we can work on this later.  In the aftermath, Mr. Chairman, of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Federal Aviation Administration issued temporary flight restrictions on the small aircraft of general aviation as part of its efforts to make commercial air travel safer. Unfortunately, while those restrictions were lifted for general aviation in the entire rest of the country, small airports in the Washington metropolitan area have continued to languish under binding restrictions of their operations.  These are private sector. This is not public. These are private sector entrepreneurs, businessmen and -women who have invested their dollars in the operations of these general aviation airports. In fact, the only airports in the country that are closed or severely restricted to incoming and outgoing general aviation are Reagan National Airport and the three D.C. general aviation airports.  I might say that I offer this amendment on behalf of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Tom Davis) and others and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Tom Davis) is here. He can speak for himself. As a result, these small airports, specifically College Park Airport, Potomac Airfield, Washington Executive, and National, National is not on the brink of financial collapse, obviously, because it is associated with a large public airport. The other three airports, however, are not in that situation. They survive or fail solely on the revenues from their general aviation, and they are in dire straits. These airports have been forced to nearly cease their operations, effectively endangering the livelihood of their employees who have lost income and jobs and airport owners who have lost longtime customers and almost all of their revenue.  There is no doubt that we must stem the tide of economic decline for general aviation. This industry is a proven integral part of the Nation's economy, providing vital service and economic stability to individual families, churches, hospitals, colleges, industry, small businesses and communities.  Aviation transportation in Maryland is a $1.3 billion industry. My amendment is, therefore, very simple. It will reimburse these general aviation airports for the security costs incurred and revenue foregone because of government restriction.  Let me say, I have had discussions with Sean O'Keefe, who is now the administrator of NASA, but who was the deputy administrator of OMB. He believes this is fair. Secretary Mineta testified before our subcommittee that this was their proposal that this be done, and there is legislation pending to accomplish that, but obviously it needs an appropriation.  Mr. Chairman, I want to yield to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton) who represents the District of Columbia and National Airport.  