Speaker, reclaiming my time, I rise again, as I always do, to say that the chairman of our committee is extraordinarily fair. I wish I could vote for this bill. I voted for many of the bills that are in here, as the chairman knows.  But, Mr. Speaker, we have a very bad process that is going on here. We act in the House, the Senate acts the same way, and it goes to conference and magically it disappears, or it comes back here 180 degrees different. This is a corruption of the democratic process. It has ignored the will of the House and the Senate on outsourcing, Cuba travel, drug reimportation, school vouchers in the District of Columbia. Funding in the omnibus for the No Child Left Behind is too low; funding for NIH represents a real reduction. The congressional branch does not work, Mr. Speaker, for the executive.  I would urge the majority party, my friends on the other side, to let the executive department know that this is a democracy. It is not a kingdom; it is not a dictatorship. And just because the House passes something, the Senate passes something, and they do not like it, that does not mean the Congress of the United States ought to turn tail and run. Mr. Speaker, I would hope that we would be able to resolve some of these issues that the House and the Senate have agreed upon. I agree with the chairman, some of these are authorizing matters; but both Houses agreed and the White House did not like it, so it was dropped.  The outsourcing is particularly, in my opinion, egregious because we had a conference. The chairman, as always, was fair and open. Senator Stevens was fair and open. We had an agreement. That agreement was adopted in an open conference, and lo and behold it has disappeared. It was totally changed. It has undermined the very protections for Federal employees we wanted to build in the bill.  Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) was in charge, and he is in charge of our committee, no doubt about that; but if he made the final decisions, this would not have happened, and I know that and I lament it.  