Chairman, I rise as a member of the Committee on Appropriations that raised the issue of Egypt last year. I have no amendment to offer, nor will I do so; but as the Committee on Appropriations notes in its report accompanying the bill: ``Continued military cooperation between Egypt and the United States remains in the national security interest of both countries.'' I agree with that statement.  Egypt, however, has one of the largest and most modern militaries of the Middle East, with approximately $4 billion in annual defense spending. Nearly one-quarter, however, of Egypt's people live in poverty, and the country has per capita income of just $700 per year. Yet a quarter of their defense budget we pay for.  Half of Egypt's adults are illiterate, and official unemployment figures for 2001 were 12 percent, although unofficial estimates are as high as 15 percent. Only 3 percent of Egypt's land is arable, making the country unable to feed itself and forcing it to import roughly two-thirds of its food.  In this context, I am concerned about the mix of funding for Egypt, $1.3 billion in foreign military sales, approximately a third of that in economic assistance.  Mr. Chairman, I am also concerned by the fact that in Egypt, which is a controlled government, some of the most virulent anti-Christian, anti-American, anti-Semitic information and anti-Christian, -U.S. and -Semitic education occurs in the schools of Egypt, the madrasas.  I believe Egypt has been an important ally of ours in trying to reach peace in the Middle East; but I also say, Mr. Chairman, as I did last year, that there needs to be significant focus on the issue of Egypt's participation in furthering anti-American, anti-Semitic, anti-Christian rhetoric and education within the confines of that country and also in failing to appropriately assist its population in dire need of a focus on economic assistance.  I thank the chairman of the full committee for his tolerance, and I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding for me to make this point. I hope my colleagues will continue to focus on it.  