Speaker, I felt compelled to come to the floor because I wanted to thank the gentlemen for the very kind comments that they had to say about my working on the Committee on House Administration. I know the distinguished gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Larson), the former President of the Connecticut Senate, and I both had that honor having been selected by our colleagues to head our State Senates. He is more than a worthy successor and I am very proud of the work that he is doing on this committee and I want to congratulate him.  The Committee on House Administration is uniquely an institutional committee that tries to provide the resources to Members, to staff so that we can serve our constituents better and so that staff will have an environment and the ability to serve well. I congratulate the gentleman from Connecticut for his work.  I know that the gentleman from Connecticut, like myself, has found the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), the chairman of the Committee on House Administration, to be an extraordinarily positive leader in this House and one who wants to do things and do things right and does not care about the politics, does not care about partisanship, is extraordinarily easy to work with, and I want to again say how much I enjoyed working with him.  If there is one downside to my ``promotion'' to the position of Democratic whip, it was that I left the Committee on House Administration on which I had served for I think approximately 14 years. And serving with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Ney), when I look back on the congressional career, whenever it ends, I want the gentleman to know when I look back on my career, one of the highlights will be the opportunity to serve with the gentleman from Ohio, to serve this institution and, indeed, in the cosponsorship of the Help America Vote Act, to serve our country as well.  I thank the gentleman for his kind words but, more than that, I want to thank him for his service to this institution and to this country. He does a great job. I know that the gentleman will enjoy and is enjoying working with the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Larson), who is also, like the gentleman from Ohio and like me, committed to making sure that we operate in a way that will bring credit not to Republicans, not to Democrats, but to the House of Representatives and facilitate the work on behalf of the American people. I thank the gentleman from Ohio for his kind words and I thank the gentleman from Connecticut as well.  