Speaker, reclaiming my time, I do not want to be very confrontational, and I do not think these colloquies ought to be confrontational; I think it is a good discussion, but I think the gentleman needs to know honestly our view on this.  Let me remind the gentleman of the Patients' Bill of Rights. It passed the 106th Congress of this House with some 60-plus Republicans. However, the gentleman indicates that conferences are being held with people who want to pass a bill. The Speaker, as the gentleman knows, appointed over two-thirds of the Republican conferees who voted against the bill, and that bill never came out of conference. We were not surprised. In the 107th Congress, we were precluded from having a bipartisan bill because the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Norwood) concluded that he was going to withdraw from discussions with the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) on that.  So with all due respect, Mr. Leader, if you make a judgment that you are not going to include people that you think do not have the same view that you have or that your chairmen have or that your Chairs of subcommittees have, then calling them conferences, we believe, is not appropriate. They may be meetings; they may be meetings of the Members of your side of the aisle who have responsibilities for the bills, but they are not conferences in any classic sense of bringing together the two Houses and all of the conferees who were appointed by the Speaker, not by us.  Conferees are appointed by the Speaker. We are not given any notice of hearings, we do not attend any hearings. And for the gentleman to say that people are meeting, we do not doubt that. We think the gentleman is absolutely right. We hear about those meetings. We read about those meetings. We read about the large conference on the energy bill when the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and Mr. Domenici get together and talk. We think that is appropriate. They ought to do that. They need to do that. It is their responsibility. But it is not a conference from our perspective. And there is not an opportunity for us to sit down and represent the point of view that we bring to the table, that we have been elected to put forth.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, will the gentleman yield?  