Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) who does such an extraordinarily good job, not only on this bill, but on so many other issues, and I thank him for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, let me begin by expressing my support for H.R. 2657, which responsibly meets the needs of the legislative body, the body designed by our Founders to make sure that our Federal Government works as our citizens want it to; and this bill provides for the resources to accomplish that objective.  Let me also join the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Moran) in congratulating not only his staff, but Liz Dawson, who has done such an extraordinary job for the Committee on Appropriations, not only this subcommittee but other subcommittees as well, for the work that she does.  Mr. Speaker, one matter that should concern every Member of this body is the fair treatment of the folks who work for us and with us, including temporary workers employed by the legislative branch. Section 133, Mr. Speaker, of the Legislative Appropriations Act of 2002, which became law on November 12, 2001, prohibits the Architect of the Capitol from employing temporary workers for long periods without providing eligibility for employee benefits.  Notwithstanding that, this is not happening much to my dismay and the dismay of the subcommittee and the chairman and the ranking member. The Architect has refused to implement section 133, despite the clearest of Congressional intention and the fact that the General Accounting Office has determined that section 133 provides the Architect with the authority to treat temporary workers fairly.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that today's conference report includes language that strengthens section 133. I thank the chairman and the ranking member and particularly Liz Dawson for that objective. I strongly support this language.  My expectation with this language is simple: That Mr. Hantman will finally appreciate that Congress meant what it said 2 years ago, when it instructed his office to fairly treat temporary workers.  I thank the committee for its work and thank the ranking member for yielding me time.  