Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., once remarked, ``An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.''  Today as we note the untimely passing on Sunday afternoon of our friend and former colleague, Indiana Congressman Frank McCloskey, who lost a year-long battle with cancer, let it long be remembered that this Hoosier embraced not only the important concerns of his constituents in southwest Indiana, but also the broader concerns of all humanity.  In the early 1990s, I worked very closely with Congressman McCloskey and others to call attention to the atrocities and ethnic cleansing perpetrated by Slobodan Milosevic and his henchmen in Bosnia. Many in the international community, indeed many in this country, looked away. Frank McCloskey did not.  A fact-finding trip to Bosnia in 1991 stirred and galvanized Frank's passion. As a member of the Committee on Armed Services and Committee on Foreign Affairs, Congressman McCloskey was among the first in Congress to call for air strikes against Serbian positions in Bosnia-Herzegovina from which Bosnians were being shelled and murdered. Frank urged that Slobodan Milosevic be tried as a war criminal, which now is happening. He and I worked to lift the arms embargo against Bosnia, and he was not shy in criticizing the Clinton administration when he disagreed with its handling of that conflict.  Mr. Speaker, political expediency practically demanded that Frank McCloskey focus on shoring up his position in the 8th Congressional District. As is well known, he won his first election to this body in 1984 by four votes. But in spite of the fact that he won six congressional races in one of the most competitive districts in America, political calculation did not crowd out the humanity in Frank McCloskey's heart. He was commanded by conscience to do what he believed was right.  Frank McCloskey lived a full life serving in the Air Force, working as a newspaper reporter, and serving as Bloomington's mayor for 10 years before he was elected to this Congress.  Let me close, Mr. Speaker, by quoting John Kennedy who inspired Frank and inspired many of us in this body. Kennedy said: ``I believe in human dignity as the source of national purpose, human liberty as the source of national action, the human heart as the source of national compassion, and in the human mind as the source of our invention and our ideas.''  Mr. Speaker, those were words that Frank McCloskey lived by. We mourn his loss and offer our condolences to Roberta, his wife of 30 years, and his two children, Helen and Mark, as well as his family and many friends. Frank McCloskey made this a better body. He made this country better. We mourn his loss.  Mr. Speaker, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., once remarked that: ``An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.''  Today, as we note the untimely passing on Sunday afternoon of our friend and former colleague, Indiana Congressman Frank McCloskey--who lost a year-long battle with cancer--let it long be remembered that this Hoosier embraced not only the important concerns of his constituents in southwest Indiana but also the broader concerns of all humanity.  In the early 1990s, I worked very closely with Congressman McCloskey and others to call attention to the atrocities and ethnic cleansing perpetrated by Slobodan Milosevic and his henchmen in Bosnia.  Recall that as the former Yugoslavia disintegrated and Milosevic trained his fury on Bosnia, millions were displaced, hundreds of thousands were killed, and tens of thousands were raped and tortured.  Many in the international community--indeed many in this country--looked away. Frank McCloskey did not.  A fact-finding trip to Bosnia in 1991 stirred and galvanized Frank's passion, which, as the Indianapolis Star said on Monday, dominated both the twilight of his life and his political career. At the time of his death, he was the Director of Kosovo Programs for the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs, where he taught leaders how to govern democratically.  Back in the 1990s, as a member of the Armed Services and Foreign Affairs Committees, Congressman McCloskey was among the first in Congress to call for air strikes against Serbian positions in Bosnia-Herzegovina. He believed such strikes were needed to prevent hostilities from spilling over to Croatia, Kosovo, Macedonia and other provinces.  Frank urged that Milosevic be tried as a war criminal, which now in fact is happening. He and I worked to lift the arms embargo against Bosnia. And he was not shy about criticizing the Clinton administration when he disagreed with its handling of the conflict.  Mr. Speaker, political expediency practically demanded that Frank McCloskey focus on shoring up his position in the Eighth Congressional District. As is well know, he won his first attempt at re-election to this body in 1984 by four--yes, four--votes.  But in spite of the fact that he won six congressional races in one of the most competitive districts in America, political calculation did not crowd out the humanity in Frank McCloskey's heart. He was commanded by conscience to do what he believed was right--for his constituents, for his nation, and for humanity, too.  Mr. Speaker, Frank McCloskey crowded an enormous amount of living into his 64 years. He served our Nation for 4 years in the Air Force; graduated from Indiana University with bachelor's and law degrees; worked as a newspaper reporter in Chicago, Bloomington and Indianapolis; and served as Bloomington's mayor for 10 years before being elected to Congress.  Still, though his contributions were many, one cannot help but think that they would have been even greater had he been given the gift of more time in his life.  Let me close by quoting John F. Kennedy, who inspired Frank McCloskey, as well as myself: ``I believe in human dignity as the source of national purpose,'' said President Kennedy, ``Human liberty as the source of national action, the human heart as the source of national compassion, and in the human mind as the source of our invention and our ideas.''  Mr. Speaker, those were words that Frank McCloskey lived by.  We are all the beneficiaries of his tireless efforts on behalf of human rights and basic dignity.  As we mourn his loss and honor him by naming this post office in his honor, I want to express my sincere condolences to his wife of 30 years, Roberta, and his two children, Helen and Mark, as well as his family and many friends.  