Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to urge all of my colleagues to support this very important amendment being offered today by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Kilpatrick). It increases funding for the global HIV/AIDS program by $300 million.  Mr. Chairman, just 6 months ago in his State of the Union Address, the President committed to $15 billion in foreign assistance, spending over 5 years to combat the spread of HIV/AIDS. On May 1 this House authorized this funding level by an overwhelming margin, 375 to 41. And then during his recent trip to Africa, the President repeatedly stressed his commitment to fight the disease on that continent and elsewhere around the world. Regrettably, the amount provided in this bill falls far short of the $3 billion necessary to begin making good on our President's commitment, on our commitment, 375 to 41.  Mr. Chairman, the problem of HIV/AIDS is especially acute on the continent of Africa, particularly sub-Saharan Africa, where nearly 30 million people are living with HIV/AIDS. Let me repeat that, 30 million people.  Is there any doubt that if 30 million people in America were suffering, were at risk of losing their lives, were posing the incredible economic impact on our country that HIV/AIDS sufferers pose to America, is there any doubt that we would pass at least this $300 million? Put another way, while the African continent accounts for only about 10 percent of the world's population, more than 70 percent of the worldwide total of infected people reside in Africa. And there are 11,000 new infections in Africa every single day, 11,000 additional infected people every day.  Mr. Chairman, recently I had the opportunity to travel to South Africa and saw firsthand the extent of this pandemic, the challenges facing African countries as they battle this scourge, and the dire need for assistance to implement prevention programs and to provide treatment for those already infected. We are at a critical stage in the global war against HIV/AIDS. The human toll is difficult to fathom. The number of deaths worldwide is expected to double from last year's estimate of over just 5 million people, double-plus to nearly 12 million next year. In one year, an additional 7 million people.  We ignore the political implications, Mr. Chairman, at our own peril. Without doubt this is a national security issue because this scourge only foments instability and unrest.  As Secretary of State Colin Powell has stated, ``No war on the face of the Earth,'' Colin Powell said, ``is more destructive than the AIDS pandemic.'' He went on to say, ``I was a soldier but I know of no enemy in war more insidious or vicious than AIDS. Will history record a fateful moment in our time, on our watch, when action came too late?''  Today, Mr. Chairman, we must answer that question with an emphatic no and heed the urgent call to action. We can answer that question with an emphatic no by an emphatic yes on this amendment. I urge my colleagues, not just for the people of Africa, not just for the people of the developing world who are more at risk for more health trauma than we are here, but for those of us here and our children and their children as we so dramatically learned in the SARS challenge. There are no national borders. There are no oceans wide enough to protect us, to insulate us. It is only in curing those who are afflicted that we can save ourselves. Vote yes on the Kilpatrick amendment.  