 I appreciate the gentleman's observation that there is going to be an attempt made to give the Members sufficient time when the report is issued, when the conference report is issued from the committee, to at least have 24 hours to review it and come to grips with what is in it. Because, again, the process has been one in which we have not had many of the bills, as the gentleman knows, on the floor for consideration in the House in the first instance, much less the conference reports, while the Senate, obviously, had a fuller debate on most of the pieces of legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I would ask the gentleman again, I would like to ask him about the Welfare Reform Reauthorization Act which he indicates may be on the floor next Thursday. If it comes on the floor next Thursday, can the gentleman tell me how whether it is going to go to committee, to the Committee on Ways and Means for consideration, or whether it will go directly to the Committee on Rules and be reported out by the Committee on Rules?  Mr. DeLAY. If the gentleman will continue to yield, Mr. Speaker, we intend to use an unusual procedure to bring the bill straight to the floor because of many reasons, not the least of which is that reforming welfare, as the gentleman knows, has been an incredible success. The reauthorization was vitally important; and many of these programs, these successful programs, are working under short-term extensions. We think it is vitally important to get this program reauthorized and, most importantly, get to the Senate.  I might remind the gentleman that we passed the welfare reform I think 2 years ago and never got through the Senate and sat on the desk, and it never was considered by the Senate. That bill, by the way, has had more than 20 hearings and multiple markups, and we feel that Members have had plenty of opportunity to consider the bill. We want to expedite the process and not jeopardize the great success that we have seen over the time of the welfare reform.  As far as the Committee on Rules is concerned, if the gentleman will continue to yield, it will go straight to the Committee on Rules discharging from the committees. The chairman is standing right beside me. I would anticipate very soon that he will announce a filing deadline for amendments this evening and will meet sometime next week to consider those amendments.  