Speaker, reclaiming my time, I understand that, and I appreciate that. I appreciate the gentleman's observation. We agree: a formal conference should have been held. Because it was not, the majority had to waive the rule in the rule that was presented on the floor of the House.  With respect to the energy bill and Medicare, I would tell the gentleman in neither case, in the energy bill nor in the prescription drug bill, did the Democratic conferees believe there has been a conference in either instance, in either one of these very important issues on which there have been any kind of discussions regarding the substance of those bills. I simply observe that that is shutting out the representatives of 130 million Americans on our side of the aisle to give their perspective, in conference, with conferees appointed by the Speaker.  Now, we all understand that we have discussions with Democrats on our side and there are discussions with Republicans on your side, talking about strategy, talking about compromise, talking about how to work things out. That is understandable. That is necessary. It always and must occur. However, at some point in time, the conferees, we suggest to the gentleman respectfully, need to be included in discussions, not in a pro forma conference at the end of the process, being informed what the bill is. That, frankly, is all that has been happening.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman will yield, I just have to correct the gentleman. There have been, I do not recall how many formal conferences have been called on the energy bill, but I know more than one hasbeen called on the energy bill. I am on the conference on the Medicare bill. I have attended two formal conferences on the Medicare bill, and the House Democrats that are conferees have attended both of those formal conferences on the Medicare bill.  As I have said many times on this floor when approached by the gentleman with his concerns, we are holding conferences with Democrats of this House, not conferences; we are holding discussions. I know the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce have informed me that there have been many discussions with the Democrats, including the ranking member. Not many, but there have been many discussions that include different groups of Democrats about what they would like to see in this bill, including the ranking member. I think, I could be corrected, but I think there was a meeting with the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means and the ranking member and other Democrats on the Committee on Ways and Means about the Medicare bill just this week.  So whenever there is a formal conference, the conferees that have been appointed by the Speaker are invited to that conference, and there will be a formal conference before that Medicare bill comes to this floor, as in the form of a conference report.  