Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Committee on Rules for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, we are all going to vote for this CR; but I think as we consider it, it is appropriate for us to reflect on the allegations of mismanagement that were made over the years about how Democrats ran this House, to reflect on that and relate it to present performance and look at how well the appropriations process has been managed since the Republicans took over in 1995.  I want to look at the facts here. It is now October 21, 21 days since the start of the fiscal year, 2004, and this Congress has passed and President Bush has signed only three of the 13 annual spending bills into law: defense, homeland security, and the legislative branch appropriation bill. The Members will notice in addition that the military construction bill, one of the least controversial bills considered by this House every single year, is still mired in conference, although I would observe it is going to have maybe the distinction of being the only real conference that we have had in some period of time. If that is not indicative of this Congress's mismanagement, then I am not sure what is.  The fact of the matter is since the majority party regained the House majority, this Congress has had to pass an omnibus appropriation bill in 7 out of 9 years. That is right. In only 2 years since consideration of the fiscal 1996 spending bill did this Congress pass stand-alone legislation for all 13 appropriation bills. By comparison, and I hope everybody on my side of the aisle will note this, and the other side of the aisle, of course, will discount it and not believe it, by comparison in fiscal year 1994, that is 1993, and fiscal year 1995, that is 1994, when we had a Democratic President, Bill Clinton, and a Democratic Congress, we passed every single spending bill as a stand-alone piece of legislation, every one, which meant that we could fully debate and not hide anything in those bills.  Mr. Speaker, the Members of our side of the aisle can hardly wait to hear what excuse is now used by our colleagues on the majority side for failing to complete the appropriation work on time. It is going to be tough to blame poor Senator Daschle who was the scapegoat last year when not only did we not pass the fiscal year in the year in which we were supposed to, we had to go to the next year and did not pass most appropriation bills until January of the following year. They certainly cannot blame the Democrats on this side because we do not make many decisions on this side.  So what is their excuse? We all know what the truth is, and it is not that the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), the chairman of our committee, or anybody on the committee has mismanaged the appropriation process. It is the direct result of the majority party's inability to agree with itself. It is an affliction that is not just holding up the appropriations process. It is also preventing us from passing an energy bill, from extending the child tax credit to 6.5 million working American families, and from giving our seniors a real prescription drug benefit that is not designed to destroy Medicare. The truth is we have not completed our work on time and the majority party is the only group that is responsible for this failure.  Mr. Speaker, we will vote for this continuing resolution, which is an admission and a perfect example of not getting the work done that the American people expect us to get done on time and for their benefit and for the benefit of this country.  