Speaker, there is not anybody in here who is not against waste, fraud and abuse. Ronald Reagan ran in 1980, and he said he was going to save a lot of money by eliminating waste, fraud and abuse. The Republicans were in charge of the Senate. Ronald Reagan was President of the United States. Not once, not ever did Ronald Reagan have a veto of any appropriation bill overridden, not once that asked to spend more money.  He was in charge of the executive department. George Bush was in charge of the executive department for the 4 years following, for 12 years in a row. And, Mr. Nussle, you know what happened to waste, fraud and abuse? You quadrupled the national debt, I say to my friend who is trying to ignore me. You quadrupled the national debt from $985 billion to $4 trillion. Why did Mr. Reagan and Mr. Bush not eliminate waste, fraud and abuse?  And then what happened? Bill Clinton came to town, elected President ofthe United States, and what happened in those 8 years? For 8 years in a row the deficit came down, for 4 years; and then the surplus started going up until 2001. We had 4 years of surpluses for the first time in 80 years. And then what happened? President Bush came to office. Mr. Nussle became the chairman of the Committee on the Budget, and we have reescalated the debt.  This budget proposes the largest debt in the history of this country. This budget is an April fool, a cruel hoax and joke on the American public. And what does the chairman of the Committee on the Budget do? He brings these little blue books. They are important books. The question I wanted to ask you, Mr. Nussle, and just an answer, is I am sure your committee staff has added up how would the savings if every piece of waste in those blue books was effected would it provide us. How much, Mr. Nussle?  Would it provide the 18 billion you want to take away from farmers who are attacked by drought? Would it take away the money that you are going to reduce school lunches by? Student loans by? Would it provide for the Medicaid that you want the Committee on Energy and Commerce to cut? Would it provide for the Medicare that your own committee has jurisdiction over?  Now, Mr. Nussle, it is April Fool's Day but do not take us for fools, because with all due respect, you offered a budget last year. Now you complained it did not pass, but in years past we have deemed adopted the House-passed budget and passed bills.  Again, the chairman of the Committee on the Budget ignores me. It is a shame because, my friends, 11 of the appropriations bills did not pass this House last year. Why? Because they could not get them within the budget. The budget that Mr. Nussle offered is not a real document. It is an April fool's joke. It will never be adopted. Never. And, Mr. Nussle, I believe you know it. I believe you know that the document that you have provided is unsustainable politically because the American public will reject it out of hand because they do not believe that that railroad retirement and people who work hard for their retirement should be cut. They do not believe that Social Security should be cut. They do not believe that Medicaid should be cut. They do not believe that Medicare should be cut.  The motion to instruct will make it a real budget and turn an April fool's joke into a real document for America.  Mr. Speaker, it is indeed fitting that on this, April Fool's Day, we're voting on this motion to instruct on the House GOP's phony and foolhardy budget.  Why?  Because the fact of the matter is: This GOP budget is a dishonest document designed solely to fool the American people.  To fool them into believing that this Republican Party really does care about balancing the budget, controlling deficits and reducing debt.  To fool them into believing that our nation--which is now prosecuting a war of unknown duration and undetermined costs--really can afford the President's $1.4 trillion tax plan.  And, to fool them into believing that the Members who sit on the Republican side of the aisle really have the courage of their convictions.  Let me ask you: will you really vote to cut Medicaid funding and the Children's Health Insurance Program by $94 billion?  Will you really vote to cut school lunches for poor children and student loans by $9.4 billion?  Will you really vote to cut railroad retirees' pensions and Agriculture programs such as Food Stamps and Farm Support Payments?  And, with our brave armed forces now on the field of battle risking their lives to defend freedom and combat tyranny, will you really vote to cut veterans' benefits by $14.6 billion?  Some of you actually might.  But we all know that most of you have absolutely no intention of walking the plank and voting for legislation that would implement these draconian funding cuts.  Thus, today, we're engaged in nothing more than a cynical charade.  You get to pretend that you're for balanced budgets and enormous tax cuts, too.  That's not leadership. That's a conscious evasion of the responsibility to level with the American people--to tell them that we cannot afford everything--and a deliberate decision to pass the costs of this reckless tax plan onto the next generation.  I urge all of my colleagues--including those on the Republican side of the aisle who are still nursing sore arms after the vote on the budget resolution two weeks ago--to vote for the Spratt motion to instruct.  That motion--which instructs conferees to reject these proposed and clearly unpassable and untenable funding cuts--is an honest one and based in reality.  Everyone of us knows that this GOP budget is not.  