Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time.  The gentleman's premise, and we have heard the chairman also say, gee, we want to do this, we want to help these children, we want to help these 12 million children, we want to help these 6.5 million families. Gee, we cannot do it unless we do it all, and the Senate will not pass our bill.  What precludes my colleagues from doing it all and doing it now as well? I suggest to the gentleman, nothing. The President of the United States, President Bush, asked my colleagues to do the Senate bill, do it now so we can get money into the hands of these families now, not at some theoretical future date.  Mr. Speaker, at 6:39 tonight it was 33 days exactly since the House appointed conferees to the House-Senate conference committee on legislation to increase the child tax credit for those 6.5 million families and those 200,000 servicemen and -women that the Republicans say they want to help, but only if we help them for 10 years. Nothing precludes them from helping now and helping later.  Thirty-three days, Mr. Speaker, and still no movement by Republicans on the fundamental issue of fairness that the President asked them to respond to. The President, not Democrats, President George Bush, the President of the United States, said pass the Senate bill; but the majority party has turned a deaf ear to the President on this issue. Selective hearing.  In fact, on June 12 when this House GOP passed a fiscally irresponsible $82 billion bill that will cost $800 billion in the years after 2013 that included the child tax credit, rather than accept the Senate version costing $3.5 billion, now they really do not care about deficits, they have blown a hole in the surplus they inherited, the largest surplus in the history of our country and have turned it into the historically highest deficit in the history of our country in less than 30 months. That is one heck of an accomplishment, a bad one.  They hoped to kill this bill. That is why they did not pass the Senate bill. They said, oh, we want to do it all, knowing full well that they could not do it because, as the gentlewoman said, the reason they cut out these families was because they could not afford it; but yet they think they can afford $82 billion. They cut out 3.5 billion. Great math on that side.  Thirty-three days, Mr. Speaker, and still America waits for the GOP to summon a sense of fairness for these 12 million children who were deliberately and consciously and specifically left out in the cold by conferees on the Republican tax bill because their parents have low income. The clock is still ticking, but there is still time to do what is right for these families.  The gentleman from Illinois said we could do it tonight. Our side of the aisle will give unanimous consent for my colleagues to take the Senate bill, pass it tonight, pass it tonight without change and send it to the President, and the President can sign it tomorrow morning so that on July 25, those working families, the families that are having the toughest time in America, will have some help.  I had some school supplies in my office the other day. We took it off the Internet, matter of fact today off the Internet, the suggested school supplies for going back to school in September, $220. This tax cut, if we paid it on July 25, could take care of those school supplies for those families.  Pass it, pass it now. Do not dissemble; do not delay.  