Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Let me make a couple of comments.  First of all, the gentleman is almost right; we did 11 of the 13 bills. But the second largest bill, of course, as the gentleman knows, on discretionary spending, not only did we not do it, but it was not considered in subcommittee, much less in full committee, the Labor-Health bill, which is, of course, itself over $125 billion in discretionary spending, and somewhere approximately $300 billion, when we include the mandatory spending within that bill, as the gentleman recalls.  But as the gentleman makes the point, this is the most unusual procedure for the appropriations process that I have seen in my 20 years on the committee. It is the least involvement, I think, that members of the Committee on Appropriations in the House have had on the product that now is being sent to us by the Senate.  I know that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) on the Labor-Health bill introduced 2 days ago a Labor-Health alternative, which presumably will be used as a basis for that title of the bill to be conferenced. However, Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gentleman, I would very much hope that in light of the extraordinarily unusual circumstances under which this appropriation bill is being considered, essentially emanating from the Senate, which obviously from the House position is not what we want to see as normal practice, that the majority would very seriously consider, in the interests of democracy in this House, with a small ``d,'' and in the interest of full debate on the priorities we are going to set forth in this bill that deals with over $360 billion of discretionary spending, to have a rule that is not traditional, because we are not dealing with a traditional process.  I would hope that the leader, in discussions with the Speaker, with the majority whip, and with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), as well as the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier), would consider a process which would allow Members to have a greater opportunity to express their views on this particular bill.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding again. The gentleman is correct in correcting me, that we only did 11 bills out of the committee. I do remind the gentleman that the chairman introduced a Labor-HHS bill, and it is my information that that is what they are working from.  Secondly, I would say that the conference committee as named has 12 Republicans and 10 Democrats on it, so the minority is very well represented on the conference committee, and will be, obviously, consulted and worked with in as open a manner as possible.  I would also point out the fact that conference reports are privileged resolutions, and it would be highly unusual for us to change the precedent and the rules governing privileged resolutions. So we are trying the best we can to accommodate any Member that is interested in what is going on in that conference, whether they be Democrat or Republican, by opening up the process as much as possible and having a process that Members can plug into so that their voices can be heard in the consideration of the conference.  