Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this important issue. I just came in a little bit late, but I heard his comments. Eighty-four days since the President of the United States, through his press secretary, said we ought to pass this legislation, 84 days that we have been fiddling while, figuratively speaking, those who would be entitled to this child tax credit, 6\1/2\ million families, 12 million children, have been burned while we fiddle around here in Washington. The majority is proud of the fact that it can move legislation when it wants to. They have demonstrated that ability. There is therefore no doubt, that the words of the President's press secretary 84 days ago saying that we ought to take care of these families, we ought to take care of these children, we ought to give this tax credit to those families who are the neediest families in America. This is not unique.  The gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cooper) brought an amendment to the floor dealing with the earned income tax credit, some of the lowest wage earners in America. And guess what? We are going to get them. That is what happened in the ITC amendment. Now, here with the child tax credit in the dead of night, the conferees, indeed the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, to be more specific, removed this provision from the conference report included by the Senate, which, Mr. Speaker, then resulted in the President's press secretary saying the President wants us to pass this legislation just as soon as possible. That was 11 or 12 weeks ago.  Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable that we have not acted because in the interim we have talked about giving very large tax breaks to wealthy corporations and wealthy individuals.  Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that this instruction will pass, but much more importantly than that, I am hopeful, as the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cooper) has indicated, that the conference will meet, the conference will act.  I talked about 200,000 military families that are affected by this failure of the Republican majority to act. But let me say the military is being disadvantaged on many tax measures whether it deals with their $6,000 that they get for a death benefit, $3,000 of which is now taxable which we all want to exempt, 100 percent of us want to exempt that. It lies languishing, it lies languishing, I tell my friend from Pennsylvania, for failure of the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Finance to act. Moving costs for our military personnel, our National Guard, our Reserves when we have asked them to move, when they have to sell their home, moving expenses, capital gains consequences, it languishes, I tell my friend from Pennsylvania, distinguished member of the Committee on Ways and Means. It languishes because the majority has failed to act. How sad it is that 12 million children did not get the assistance that others got just so recently.  I thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Cooper) for his leadership in this effort. I thank him for yielding me this time. And I am hopeful that the House and the majority will finally act to give the relief that the President of the United States was so adamantly urging us to pass 84 days ago.  