Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, the hollow promises must end. Last night President Bush said, and I quote, ``Whatever action is required, whenever action is necessary, I will defend the freedom and security of the American people.'' That was correct that he said that. Last year he said, ``Whatever it costs to defend our country, we will pay.'' I think he was right to say that. The late fees, however, on those promises are piling up.  My friends on the other side of the aisle, not, by the way, members of the Committee on Appropriations, and not under the leadership of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), who does an extraordinary job in our committee, but some of my friends on the other side of the aisle are licking their chops at the smorgasbord of tax cuts that would fatten the wealthy and leave scraps for most Americans and force our children to pay the bill. But they do not want to spend resources now that are needed for Federal agencies to respond to terrorist threats. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) tried to bring that to their attention. Nor will they honor the bipartisan pledge to improve our educational system.  Within the limits of parliamentary procedures, we are limited in what can be offered in this motion. However, its purpose is critical. It is time to leave the hot air behind and the rhetoric behind and to live up to our commitment and the expectations of those who sent us here. It is time to live up to our commitment to indeed leave no child behind.  We made a promise to help schools implement reforms to meet higherstandards. We have asked States and local school districts to do the work, and we must show that we were serious, that we meant what we said, that we will put the Nation's money where the Nation's heart is. The House bill is $5.7 billion less than the other body's funding for the No Child Left Behind Act. If we pursue that number, we will leave millions of children behind.  This is simply inadequate, inadequate to help local school districts meet the new mandates we insisted upon just last year. Title I is intended to help disadvantaged students meet high academic standards, a critical objective. Ten million children are eligible for Title I services. Again, the House only meets two-thirds of the $16 billion we need. I say to my friends, that is saying to over 3 million children in America there is no room in this rich inn. The other body provides an additional $500 million, and we ought to give them at least that level so that we leave no child behind.  The other body also provides $2 billion more in IDEA grants, children with disabilities who seek an education. We promised the States we would participate; $2 billion light are we. The House level provides less than half of the Federal contribution toward the added cost of special education that is authorized under IDEA. Again, we as the representatives of the American people need to ensure the fact that America lives up to its promises.  We must not forget our veterans either. Over 310,000 veterans are on waiting lists for medical care, and many veterans are waiting as long as 6 months for an appointment to see a doctor. To a person last night we stood and cheered and clapped with respect and appreciation for those who serve us in uniform both here and abroad. Should we do any less for them when they are through their active service but need the health care we have promised? It is an outrage to not do so. Freedom's defenders deserve better. We must fully fund VA medical care. We do not do it.  Finally, with regard to homeland security, the Council on Foreign Relations reported last October that we are ``dangerously unprepared to prevent and respond to a catastrophic terrorist attack on U.S. soil.'' The gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) pleaded with the President of the United States to respond to this vulnerability. The cost of addressing our vulnerabilities is a mere fraction of the President's $674 billion tax cut.  I was elected to State Senate in 1966. Ted Agnew, who was then the county executive of Baltimore County, elected Governor that same year, and in the inaugural address he said this: That the price of progress far exceeds the cost of failure. The billions of dollars that were suggested by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) and by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) could save us tens of billions of dollars, as the President said, in preventing just one catastrophic event.  I hope my colleagues will support this motion. I hope my colleagues will stand and say we promise and we talk, but this motion says we are also prepared to take the walk. I believe Americans are prepared to take that walk as well.  