 Let me close. We talked about Thursday, September 11, when we will come together, controversies that we have discussed. The significant differences we have discussed with respect to how to solve the problems that confront this country will I think be put aside by all of us on September 11 as we come together, as we did on that September 11 evening when we stood together, you and I, shoulder to shoulder, and we sang God Bless America. At a time of tragedy we came together with resolve and without partisanship, resolve to confront the terrorists that afflict this world, this global community, and to make our country safer and more secure.  Mr. Leader, on Thursday at what point in time do you expect us to end our session on Thursday and to participate in such both collective remembrances as we may have and individually to participate in remembrances?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. DeLAY. I appreciate the gentleman's words and they are heartfelt and honest and straightforward, and I greatly appreciate those words.  I would like to give the gentleman a time, but there are two reasons; one is I am a little concerned at this moment that if I gave a projected time of being through on Thursday, Members would leave on Wednesday. We just saw what has happened to this House where some, almost 30 Members were not here to vote on the last pieces of legislation, of both parties. And it greatly concerns me that when we give notice that we might be leaving, Members take advantage of that and move on and leave the Chamber and are not here to vote like they should be. And so I do not know.  Secondly, I would hope, and we have been in touch with your offices, I would hope that we would continue to work today and through the weekend to put together the right kind of commemoration of the day so that we exhibit to the country that the people's House has great concerns about the events of 9/11 and the events that have followed 9/11 and we want to express the feelings and the emotions of the American people on this very important day.  