Speaker, I rise today to join my colleague and good friend from Virginia, Mr. Davis, in supporting H.R. 3054, the DC Military Retirement Equity Act. This measure goes a long way in providing a fair solution to an unjust problem.  When I was notified that hundreds of former military service members and retired Firefighters, Police Officers, Secret Service personnel, and U.S. Park Police were having their annuities forcibly reduced due to no fault of their own, it was clear that this was an injustice in need of swift action.  The solution, H.R. 3054, will allow retired and active duty DC Firefighters and Police Officers as well as U.S. Secret Service and Park Police to buy back any military service time in order for them to maintain their monthly annuity. An oversight in the administration of their retirement plans neglected to account for a federal law prohibiting any post 1956-military service from being credited towards a retiree's benefits once that retiree becomes eligible for Social Security.  In the past few months, many retirees have had their hard earned monthly annuities reduced by up to $600 per month. Future retirees can expect similar reductions, unless we pass this measure. Unlike options given to federal employees under FERS and CSRS, these members were never told about this provision and never offered an opportunity to buy back their time. H.R. 3054 will allow retirees to maintain their monthly annuities and will allow working men, women and their families to accurately plan for their retirement. These dedicated men and women selflessly served their country in the military and continued in their service by protecting our communities. We have a responsibility to ensure that they receive what they have rightfully earned.  I am pleased that Chairman Davis, Chairman Weldon, Ranking Member Waxman, Ranking Member Davis, Congresswoman Norton and I have been able to work in a bipartisan manner to develop a positive solution to a potentially crippling injustice. I would urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3054.  