 Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this motion to instruct. It recognizes what the ideologues on the other side of the aisle refuse to admit. Turning Medicare into a voucher program will only encourage private insurers to skim the healthiest seniors, leaving Medicare to cover the sickest, most disabled beneficiaries.  Vouchers are nothing more than a thinly veiled attempt to end Medicare, our Nation's bedrock commitment to America's seniors for the last 38 years.  This motion instructs conferees to reject the provision in the House bill that would turn Medicare into a voucher program in 2010. In addition, it instructs conferees to accept the Senate-passed provisions requiring a Federal fallback prescription drug benefit if the private sector in any given area refuses to offer an alternative plan.  I have not heard any protestations that there is such a fallback in the House bill, because there is not. Under the Senate bill, if at least two private plans are not available to seniors, the Federal Government would offer beneficiaries a prescription drug benefit. Let us not turn a blind eye to reality. Insurers are not lining up to provide prescription drug-only policies. In fact, as I think the gentlewoman knows, because the former chairman of the subcommittee, I think he is now the Chair of, Mr. Gradison, had some comments to make when he was president of the Health Industry Association of America, said that private sector would not offer such plans that are contemplated under my colleague's bill.  They are in business to make money, as they ought to be; and they will not hesitate to drop customers who file too many claims or cost them too much. That has been our experience with the Medicare+Choice plan in which more than 2 million seniors have been abandoned by HMOs seeking higher profits, including in my own area. I do not criticize the HMO. They are in business, but this is a service that we want to guarantee to all of our citizens to have available to them at affordable prices; and as any homeowner can tell my colleagues, that is the experience in that line of insurance as well. One might think that they are in good hands, but if they file a claim, they might just find that those hands have said bye, bye. They might think that their private insurer is a good neighbor; but if they file a claim, they might just find that their good neighbor has moved away without leaving a forwarding address.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say, on Saturday, July 19, more than 70 of my colleagues, my Democratic colleagues in this House, held town hall meetings in their districts on the issue of prescription drugs. The turnout at those meetings was terrific, and virtually every Member that I have talked to said that their constituents want a guaranteed, affordable, universal prescription drug benefit under Medicare now. That is not included, and their experts and the seniors who sat around their table with their pencils and papers said your bill does not give them what they need, not necessarily what they want, but what they need.  They were deeply disappointed when they learned the details of the House GOP bill; and I might say to my friends, so that I do not just viciously attack my House friends, they are not too hot about the Senate bill either.  This motion does not address all the deficiencies of the GOP bill, but it does focus on two of the most important ones. I urge my colleagues to support this motion to instruct.  