She is the principal author of this resolution, and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Blunt) and I are pleased to join her in this important statement.  Mr. Speaker, I also want to associate myself with the very thoughtful remarks of the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Leach) on this issue.  I rise to also thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Blunt), my friend and counterpart on the Republican side of the aisle, the majority whip, for working with us closely and ensuring that this resolution, which is nothing less than a shared expression of our American values, receives prompt consideration tonight.  Madam Speaker, intolerance based on one's religious belief, ethnicity and race is a poison that has coursed throughout the body of human history, and it has caused untold suffering, pain and strife. This great Nation itself, Madam Speaker, was settled by people who fled religious persecution, and I submit that we, the elected Representatives of the strongest and freest Nation on earth and the progeny of that proud legacy, have a moral responsibility to expose and combat such intolerance and prejudice wherever and whenever it rears its head.  On Thursday, October 16, as has been said, Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad made hateful and repugnant anti-Semitic remarks at the Islamic Summit Conference, and those remarks deserve and demand our condemnation in this resolution today.  Among other things, the Prime Minister stated, ``The Europeans killed 6 million Jews out of 12 million, but today, the Jews rule the world by proxy. They get others to fight and die for them.''  He added that, ``They,'' referring to the Jews, ``have now gained control of the most powerful countries, and they, this tiny community, have become a world power.'' He urged Islamic Nations to unite against being ``defeatedby a few million Jews.'' And throughout his remarks, he referred to Jews as the enemy.  Madam Speaker, these anti-Semitic comments are not simply outrageous and hateful, they are divisive and dangerous. They serve only to foment the destructive lie preyed upon by Hitler and other anti-Semites throughout history, the baseless accusation of a Jewish conspiracy to control the world, to which the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Leach) referred to earlier, and we, without question, must emphatically and without reservation, and in the strongest possible terms we can summon, reject these toxic untruths.  But let me add, Madam Speaker, that what is perhaps even more disturbing, as the gentlewoman from Nevada has so correctly pointed out, more disturbing than one man's malignant invective and his ignorance of the Jewish people's persecution today and throughout history, more disturbing is the fact that he received a standing ovation from many of the leaders of Muslim Nations in attendance. Not only as the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. Berkley) pointed out did they not walk out, they applauded. They applauded approval.  Madam Speaker, that must be unacceptable, not just in this land but throughout the world. Agreeing with or acquiescing in such religious and ethnic bigotry is every bit as dangerous as an incitement to it, and neither the acquiescence nor the incitement can go unchallenged in the civilized world.  As the British politician Edmund Burke wrote more than 200 years ago, ``The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.'' We must not do that.  I thank the gentlewoman for her time.  