Speaker, reclaiming my time, I understand what the gentleman said, but when one really addresses this issue in a way that reflects I think an honest analysis of it, there is disagreement between the two bodies on the proposal we made in the House and the proposal that has been made in the Senate. There is, however, no disagreement, not a scintilla of difference, between the two houses on whether or not assistance ought to be given to these 6\1/2\ million people, families and 12 million children, 200,000 military families this year. The only issue is do we want to do it further and keep it. Very frankly, I would want to do it at least this year, and then I will fight to do it next year and the year after, and our side of the aisle will fight side by side with the gentleman trying to make that permanent, but because there is no disagreement on that issue but there is disagreement, as the gentleman points out, between our body and the other body on other issues included in the bill to which the gentleman refers, these 6\1/2\ million families are paying the price.  What I am saying respectfully to the leader is that on the issue that I have brought up, there is no disagreement, as I understand it, with Republicans, with Democrats in the House or with Republicans or Democrats in the Senate, and because we have agreement on that, we ought to act, and I would urge the majority leader to seriously consider requesting that the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, and we ought to protect our jurisdiction, we ought to initiate that bill but because we have agreement, I would hope we would do so. I would yield.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman would yield, I would just mention to the gentleman we do have a disagreement. The gentleman is correct. Everyone in this House wants to accelerate the child tax credit that is already on its way for the 6\1/2\ million families. The disagreement in this House is on my colleague's side. They would like to allow that to expire, and these 6\1/2\ million families would have their taxes increased the following year. We think that is a horrible policy, and we would like to, if they get this tax break, that they can count on this tax break for more than 1 year. This tax credit. It is not a tax break. This tax credit for more than a year.  