Leader, very seriously that these 6\1/2\ million families, these 12 million children will, frankly, not understand that the perfect of what you just spoke was the enemy of the extraordinarily good, which is included in the Senate bill. And I will tell the gentleman further, during the Senate bill, unlike the bill that we passed in the House, the men and women in combat who fall within the income constraints which were covered in the Senate bill were not covered in the House bill. And while we certainly agree with you on helping all of the military who qualify, we certainly believe that the folks in combat whose combat pay is now counted against them for qualifications under this bill, would be helped by the Senate bill. So I think we could help the men and women in combat first.  And I will tell you also, Mr. Leader, we are prepared to offer unanimous consent for a companion know bill as we pass the Senate bill to fix the problem or address the problem of which you have spoken with reference to the military. But we ought not to, Mr. Leader, with all due sincerity, if we are excited, if we believe this is an important thing to do, if you wanted to make it permanent, you could have done so, of course, you did not make it permanent. You did it 5 more years than we did it. We were in the constraints of the Senate bill.  We would like to make it permanent as well. However, what we would not like to do is have July come and there be no relief for these families which is going to happen if the perfect, if the objective of doing everything defeats us in doing something.  Mr. DeLAY. I just cannot let the gentleman get away by scaring working families in this country by saying they will get no relief. That is entirely untrue.  In the bill that we passed and signed by the President in 2001, it gave these working families refundable tax credits. It just did not, what we are discussing is accelerating 2 years up to this year and giving them an additional $400 from this, in addition to the $600 that they are already receiving. So to say that they get no relief, I think, is just untrue. And to say that the military families are not covered by the bill passed by this House is also untrue, because military families are covered by the bill passed by this House and is presently in conference.  