Speaker, we are a Nation of laws. This House was established to make those laws. We have a manual. It is called Jefferson's Manual. It has in it the Constitution of the United States of America. It has as well the rules that Jefferson put forward.  At page 123 it says, ``the weaker party can only be protected from those irregularities and abuses which these forms were intended to check, and which the wantonness of power is but too often apt to suggest to large and successful majorities.''  Mr. Speaker, I have great respect for you, and you run this House fairly. But this is another instance, not an isolated incidence, not a unique incidence of the arbitrary use of power. The Committee on Rules shuts us down. It does not give us amendments. It does not give us time to debate. It does not adequately give us substitutes. It shuts down the majority. It shuts down the minority. This is not what Jefferson had in mind nor, I suggest to you, our Founding Fathers.  This is indeed not an isolated incident. The police were called. There is a dispute of facts as to why the police were called. But there seems to be no dispute that they did not go to the committee room. They went to the library, presumably because that is where they were told to go. They know the difference, believe me, to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. McCrery), they know the difference.  This is not an isolated or unique incidence. The police were called by the Speaker of the Texas House to go arrest 55 members of the Texas House because they would not go along with the majority.  Let me read from page 18 of the transcript of the proceedings.  ``Mr. Yin, as you go through, would you periodically indicate which page you are on.'' They are reading the bill. ``We are going to be going through the titles, and if it lengthens out, it gets more complicated.'' Mr. Thomas is speaking. ``I know you have just begun on page 3 in doing that.'' Under the rules, the reading of the bill, what is the next thing that is said? ``And, without objection, it is considered as read.  ``Mr. Stark: I object.  ``Mr. Thomas: The gentleman was too late.''  Absent was a request for objection. That, my friends, is the gravamen of this case. You are trampling on the rights of the minority. You are trampling on the rules of this institution. This is America. This is not American.  Mr. McCRERY. Mr. Speaker, assuming that the gentlewoman from California has only one remaining speaker and that is to close, I yield 20 seconds to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Hulshof), a member of the committee.  