We could move within a nanosecond to include those children today with unanimous consent. Frankly, as the leader well knows, we had a vote of 422 to 0 on much of the military tax relief in terms of moving expenses, capital gains expenses from selling homes and other expenses, the death benefit exclusion from taxes. So all of those items, there is agreement on my side, unanimously, as there was on your side. So the only issue is are we going to hold those two items hostage, the child tax credit and the military, for other items which are much more controversial, both within this body, Mr. Leader, asyou well know, and between the two bodies.  I think probably there is not much purpose in discussing this further, but we would hope that perhaps we could try to move those items on which we have agreement and continue to work on those that we do not forge agreement on. But we ought not to, in light of our disagreement on some things, damage those folks.  Lastly, let me make an observation. I agree with you, Mr. Leader, that those families, those 6.5 million families, would not want to see a tax increase next year after the election; but if you ask them whether they wanted a $300 to $600 credit between now and the next election or simply stay at the same rate ad infinitum, I have a feeling there is little doubt they would say, well, we will take the help for a year, even if you do not give it to us permanently.  Let us go on perhaps to the energy bill, Mr. Leader. You did not have that on your schedule. Obviously there was, as you know, a motion to instruct yesterday so that we could try to address the problem that all of us saw dramatically in the blackout that occurred on the 11th of August. Would the leader tell me what his perspective is on the energy bill?  Mr. DeLAY. If the gentleman will yield further, the gentleman is very aware that, as he just stated, we just appointed conferees last night. They had their first conference this morning. They are working as hard as they can to get this bill out as soon as possible.  The gentleman knows that the Nation's energy crisis is not just about electricity. Gasoline prices are at an all-time high, natural gas prices are at an all-time high, natural gas supplies are at an all-time low. This is not the time to do piecemeal work or patchwork in putting together a bill. We need a comprehensive energy policy to meet the urgent needs across this country and across the spectrum of energy sources.  I might say that this House has tried for the last 3 years to pass a comprehensive energy package; and we are now only two votes away, a vote in the House and a vote in the Senate, to being able to put together a good package that we can send to the President, and I am hoping that work can be done expeditiously and we can see a bill in the next 2 to 3 weeks.  