Speaker, reclaiming my time, I am sure if it is up to the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations I will be; but in a nonhumorous, but still friendly way, we are very concerned on this side, Mr. Leader, when we hear you announce that there are conferences going on, that conference reports may come out and, to our knowledge, we have not been invited to any conferences. We have not sat down to try to resolve differences in the bills.  As the gentleman knows, the labor-health bill in particular was very controversial on this side of the aisle. We want obviously to participate and try to resolve those differences and try to address those deficiencies that we see. Therefore, in light of the fact that we are going to be leaving tonight, tonight is Friday, not coming back until Monday night, and if we have a conference report, presumably that has to come out and the staff work is going to be done, because we cannot have a conference Tuesday morning or Monday night; no conference has been called as far as I know on the labor-health bill, and we cannot have the committee staff do its work between Tuesdaymorning if we had a conference and Tuesday afternoon, that just will not work, for us to consider the conference report.  So we have a concern on our side of the aisle, Mr. Leader, in terms of how conferences are being carried out and, frankly, the definition of what a conference is now-a-days. A conference seems to be the appointment of conferees on either side of the aisle, and then the ranking Republican, either of the committee or subcommittee, meeting with the ranking Republican or Chair of the committee or subcommittee in the other body; and that is now called a conference. That may be a meeting of your side of the aisle, but it is not our perception that that is a conference as we have historically known it.  When we were in charge, frankly, I did attend on a regular basis conferences with both sides of the aisle, with my ranking member when I chaired the Subcommittee on Transportation, Treasury and Independent agencies, and where the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) and his ranking member attended when they had conferences. I do not mean that they did not discuss things, but I think it is appropriate for us to voice that concern.  Next, on the Iraq supplemental which we have just passed, do you expect a motion to go to conference next week on that? I yield to the leader.  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I believe the other body is prepared to complete consideration of their bill, hopefully, this afternoon; and assuming they finish and request a conference, I would expect us to be able to appoint our conferees when we return next week.  