 Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished whip for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, the House will convene on Tuesday at 12:30 p.m. for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. We will consider several measures under suspension of the rules, and a final list of the bills will be sent to the Members' offices early next week.  I might alert the Members, Mr. Speaker, that in a change from our traditional schedule, I would like to put the Members on notice that we plan to vote one-half hour earlier than usual on Tuesday, at 6 p.m. Members from both sides of the aisle have asked for flexibility this Tuesday because a number of them and their spouses are involved in the annual March of Dimes Dinner Gala, which begins at 6:30. So Members should be aware that we are still trying to work it out with the minority, but be aware that they could be notified that votes will start at 6 p.m. Tuesday rather than the normal 6:30.  Next week we expect to consider H.R. 975, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2003, as well as the 2004 Budget Resolution.  Earlier this week, the Subcommittee on Crime of the Committee on the Judiciary marked up H.R. 1104, the Child Abduction Prevention Act. Nearly identical legislation passed the House last Congress with close to 400 ``yea'' votes. Chairman Sensenbrenner has announced that the Committee on the Judiciary will report the bill out from a markup on Tuesday.  This important legislation would codify a current judicial program to implement a nationwide Amber Alert System. In addition, this bill eliminates the statute of limitations for child abduction and sex crimes, prohibits pretrial release in cases of rape or child kidnapping, provides for mandatory minimum sentencing for child kidnapping, and establishes a ``two strikes and you're out'' for child sex offenders.  We hope to work with the minority to find a way to bring this important legislation to the floor next Wednesday, realizing that the House rules require a 2-day layover, after committee markup, to allow the minority to express their dissenting and minority views on legislation. But I hope we can work together in expediting this very important legislation to the floor.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and I am happy to answer any questions.  