 Every time I walk by that, I think of John Rousselot. Remember how John used to come over to this and preach at us? He came over to this rostrum. Those of you who were here with John Rousselot, I tell that story only because John Rousselot, I came to the Congress having the most negative view of John Rousselot of any Member of the Congress. That was where I was coming from. I over time got to think he was one of my most delightful colleagues. I say that in starting because unfortunately, as I have said in years past, this Congress has become more partisan, I think, than when you were here, less collegial than when many of you were here, and in many respects less positive than when many of you were here. Not all of you, because some of you have left pretty recently and know of what I speak.  I am so proud to be here and refer to my Democratic Speaker, Mr. Speaker. It is so good to be here with Tom Foley. What a wonderful contribution he made to this institution through the years, and the person that I would have voted for for Speaker. We only had about 197, I think, at the point, but I pledged to Ray LaHood that if he could get 21 of his colleagues that I would try to line up 197 of my colleagues to vote for Bob Michel for Speaker. Bob, it is good to be here with you, Mr. Leader. What a great American you are and what respect everybody who served with you has for you. And for all of you who served here and made this institution what it is for the American people, the people's House, on behalf of Nancy Pelosi, myself and all of the folks on our side of the aisle; but I know that I speak, and Speaker Hastert was here, Speaker Hastert, I want to tell you, is a partisan Republican, a conservative Republican; but he is a collegial leader of this House in terms of reaching out to many of us on this side of the aisle. We are going to have disagreements, but he is a good and decent leader of this House. You would be proud of him serving here, I think. Maybe it is just, Mr. Leader, because he comes from Illinois. Maybe that is it. But in any event, you would be proud, I think, of his leadership of this House.  America is facing some very substantial challenges. We present Members need all the wisdom that we can garner from all of you who have served so well, selected by your neighbors and friends to serve in the people's House, how proud of us they are, the fact that the only way you get here is having your friends and neighbors repose in you trust and confidence to come here and to represent them in a way that will better their community, their States and their country.  We are challenged. We are challenged from abroad. We are challenged internally by our economy. Together I think we do better. We are struggling to get together in this House and in this Congress; but having said that, I think that you can be very helpful in that regard. I am always pleased to come here and to participate in welcoming you back to the Congress of the United States, to your House, the people's House. What a privilege and honor it is to have served here and what a privilege and honor it is to serve here and what a brotherhood and sisterhood we create.  Marjorie Holt and I served together and represented our State. We became very, very good friends and remain good friends to this day. Helen Bentley, another low-key, soft, unretiring Republican colleague of mine, is an extraordinarily good friend of mine. Senator Beall sits back there, another Member of the other side of the aisle. I think, as the partisanship fades as former Members, you become good friends. Connie Morella is here as well. Dan Miller is there with her. Connie, it is good to have you back here. Connie herself, as collegial a Member as we have had in this body, who is now thinking herself, yeah, what did you do about it? I understand. It is a tough partisan business, but she is a wonderful person.  Thank you for giving me this opportunity to welcome all of you back, to thank you for what you have done and what you are doing for our country. God bless you. Thank you very much.  