Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on International Relations, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos).  Mr. Speaker, this is a very important piece of legislation. And I want to commend the gentleman from New York (Mr. Engel) for his leadership and sponsorship of this legislation. This bill is part and parcel of our Nation's continuing war on terrorism. And it is a necessary reminder to states that want to belong to the family of civilized nations while simultaneously sponsoring and providing safe harbor to terrorist organizations, you cannot have it both ways.  Syria has regularly appeared on the State Department list of state sponsors of terrorism. Let me recall the remarks of our President as he spoke to a joint session of Congress on September 20. He said, ``And we will pursue nations that provide aid or safe haven to terrorism. Every nation in every region now has a decision to make,'' our President said, ``either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.''  Now, when he said ``us,'' he did not simply mean America; he meant the civilized law-abiding nations of the world and peoples of the world. ``From this day forward,'' he went on, ``any nation that continues to harbor or support terrorism will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime.'' Strong words but appropriate words.  Syria provides safe haven and support for terrorist groups operating in Israel and throughout the region, including, as has been mentioned, Hezbollah. I saw that, Mr. Speaker, with my own eyes when I led a congressional delegation to Israel just a few weeks ago. We traveled to the Israel-Syrian border in the Golan Heights where members of Hezbollah openly walk about on the Syrian side, have arms on the Syrian side, have missiles, and launch terrorist attacks from the Lebanese-Syrian side.  As far as I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, Syria's relationship with Hezbollah is reason enough to end economic relations with Damascus, as the President indicated we would do, but there are others as well. Damascus has failed to fulfill its agreement to withdraw its forces from the security zone in southern Lebanon. In recent years, Syria had become a major supply route for oil flowing out of Iraq and illegal arms shipments into Iraq. And Syria is believed to be pursuing both nuclear weapons and missile development. Syria, in fact, is subject to fewer sanctions, fewer sanctions than any other country designated by our government as a state sponsor of terrorism.  This bill would require the President to impose economic and diplomaticpenalties on Syria unless immediate and meaningful changes are made in its policies.  Left unchecked, I strongly believe Syria poses a grave risk to Israel, to the Middle East, and to our interests. It threatens regional stability and is ultimately a major U.S. national security concern. This bill seeks to reign in one of the major impediments to peace in the Middle East. And I urge my colleagues to support it.  The President was correct, you are either with the civilized law-abiding nations of the world or you are not. And if you are not, our relations with you should not be normal. In fact, they should impose sanctions and penalties for such conduct destabilizing and making less secure the region and the world.  