 The leader and I, as the leader knows, have been having a lot of discussions about these conferences that are being held, somewhere, sometime, with some people.  I do not know whether the leader was informed, but the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) took the gentleman literally and found where a meeting at least was going on with the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) and Secretary Thompson, and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Berry), both conferees appointed by the Speaker, went, opened the door, and went through the door with a number of Committee on Ways and Means Members.  I must tell the gentleman with great sadness, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) was not overwhelmingly happy to see them, which surprised me to no end, after our discussions and my conversation with the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel), telling him how these conferences were going onand you wanted to see a bill go through.  The gentleman might want to talk to the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas), because essentially he asked the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) to leave. We were shocked and chagrined and surprised, of course, that he would do such a thing.  I say this somewhat jocularly, obviously, but the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Berry) were not invited to this meeting, and, if these bills come to the floor next week, they are going to do so without having any Democrat participate in any substantive discussions on the prescription drug bill.  The leader is correct, it is a complicated bill, an incredibly important bill, and both sides have expressed strong support for adopting a prescription drug plan for our seniors. There are obviously differences on what ought to be in that plan.  But I would again say to the leader, notwithstanding your belief, I think the gentleman may be not informed as fully as he might be, because we continue to have great difficulty finding out where these conferences that the gentleman has been talking about and that the gentleman and I have been talking about, where they are going on, when they are being scheduled and who is supposed to participate. We have been talking about this, and, at some point in time, we really do expect that we will be invited to the conferences.  We had a serious bill and we had some disruption on the floor today, Mr. Leader, with reference to the FAA reauthorization bill. We recommitted the bill from this floor to conference. No conference occurred. No Democrats were invited to attend. As far as we know, no conference ever occurred. The bill reappeared, however, with a change.  Mr. Leader, we do not think that is in the best interests of this institution, we do not think it is in the best interests of the country, and we do not think it is in the best interests of passing legislation, conference reports, which have broad-based support.  I know, as the leader says, these are difficult, and I do not doubt that the leader is absolutely correct, that when an agreement is reached, it is going to take 7 or 8 days for the staff to put it together and in shape. I think the leader is probably correct on that.  I am hopeful that even if we are never invited, which seems to be the practice to date, that, at the very least, when somebody, somewhere, in some room, somehow makes a decision as to the bill that is going to be reported to the floor, that, at the very least, we get a copy of that bill in a timely fashion so, as complex a bill as you correctly observe it is, we have the time to analyze it, digest it and determine what we want to do on that bill.  I would hope that these comments would be taken in a constructive way, Mr. Leader, because I am very serious about the fact that I have participated, the gentleman has participated, we talked about this in conference committees where we sat down, we talked about it. I can remember the gentleman and I agreeing on some and disagreeing on some in conference, in HC-5 in particular, where we had large numbers of people participating in conferences. I thought those were positive, productive, and reflective of what our democratic legislative process ought to be.  We are very distressed on this side of the aisle that that does not appear to be happening. I would hope that you, Mr. Leader, as the majority leader, frankly, as the person most responsible for the schedule, but also one of the most significant leaders in this House, that you would try to work in a very positive way in bringing about conferences, which, again, include the conferees appointed by the Speaker of the House.  I yield to the gentleman if he would like to make any comments.  Mr. DeLAY. I appreciate the gentleman yielding. The gentleman brings up many different issues, and I appreciate his concern.  Let me just try to answer in this way. On the FAA reauthorization conference report, as the gentleman knows, there were formal conferences held during the whole process of that bill. Many issues were discussed with all the conferees.  To be honest with the gentleman, I think it was unfortunate that a formal conference was not called on that bill this week, and I will work to make sure that we follow the rules of the House and formal conferences are held before those conference reports come back to the floor.  But I must say that the gentleman knows that it is not unusual to have discussion groups, meetings with all kinds of different people as conference recommendations are being put together for a formal conference meeting. I can assure the gentleman that on the Medicare bill and on the energy bill, formal conferences will be held before those bills come to the floor in the form of a conference report. But just to make this place work, there has to be a lot of meetings, and there is a lot of time spent together with a lot of people to get these big bills put together.  The gentleman said that no Democrats have been included in the discussions on the Medicare bill. There are Democrats being consulted in many different forums, including regular discussion groups, so there is Democrat input in the Medicare conference discussions.  