Speaker, it has been said before and will be said again that everyone who speaks on this amendment loves this flag that hangs behind me as a symbol of the greatest democracy on the face of the earth, as a symbol of the country that has demonstrated throughout history the greatest countenance in the principles for which that flag stands.  It gives me absolutely no pleasure to oppose this proposed constitutional amendment providing the physical desecration of our flag. I believe people ought not to engage in that kind of activity, but our flag is more than mere cloth. It is a universal symbol for freedom, democracy and liberty, and it will continue to be so for so long as the symbols for which it stands flies high in the hearts of every American. That is where it needs to fly high, in our hearts and in our intellect.  Those who would desecrate it only seek to grab attention for themselves and inflame the passions of patriotic Americans. Without doubt, they deserve both our contempt and our pity for their stupidity, but while I appreciate and respect the motivations of those who offer and support this amendment, I will oppose it for the reasons so eloquently articulated by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Paul) and Senator McConnell of Kentucky.  In opposing a similar amendment a few years ago, Senator McConnell stated that it ``rips the fabric of our Constitution at its very center, the first amendment.'' That was Senator McConnell. He added, ``Our respect and reverence for the flag should not provoke us to damage our Constitution, even in the name of patriotism.''  The question before us today is how we, the United States of America, the greatest democracy the world has ever known, the greatest bastion of freedom the world has ever known, a bastion of freedom that remains free because of the efforts of the Duke Cunninghams and the Sam Johnsons and so many others who risked their lives to maintain that freedom, the question before us is how to deal with those individuals who dishonor our Nation in this manner.  Mr. Speaker, a constitutional amendment, in my opinion, is neither the appropriate nor the best method for dealing with these malcontents. As the late Justice Brennan wrote in the Supreme Court of Texas v. Johnson, ``The way to preserve the flag's special role is not to punish those who feel differently about these matters. It is to persuade them that they are wrong.''  That is what Thomas Jefferson talked about, that the best response to wrong speech was right speech, not prohibiting speech.  Our traditions, our values, our democratic principles, all embodied in our Constitution and the Bill of Rights, should not be overridden to prohibit this particularly offensive manner of speech, no matter how much we may disagree with it or how much contempt we may have for those who would express themselves in such an inappropriate and negative way.  The inflammatory actions of a few misfits cannot extinguish, it must not extinguish, our ideals. We can only do that ourselves, and I submit that a constitutional amendment to restrict speech, even speech as this, is the surest way to stoke the embers of those who will push for even more restrictions.  ``America'' is one of the great songs, and one of the lines from that song is ``Long may thy land be bright with freedom's holy light.'' Freedom is not allowing those with whom we agree to express their opinion; it is allowing those with whom we deeply disagree to express theirs.  Long may this land be bright with freedom's holy light. That is our responsibility. That is our oath.  