Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time; and let me start, as so many of us do on the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies, by saying how much respect we have, affection we have for the chairman of our committee. No committee has a fairer chairman. No committee has a chairman any more committed to the welfare of the American people than the Committee on Appropriations. As we are blessed to have the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young) as the chairman of our committee, we are fortunate as well to have the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) as the chairman of this subcommittee.  As the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) has said, both of these gentlemen care deeply about this country and care deeply about the people of this country. I have served on this committee, as Chairman Young said, with him for a long, long time. I do not believe this is the bill of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young). I do not believe it is the bill of the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula). It is, however, their response to the realities that confront them, and the gentleman from Ohio pointed that out.  But, Mr. Chairman, on January 8, 2002, on a stage in Hamilton, Ohio, President Bush signed the bipartisan No Child Left Behind Act. Surrounded by Members from both sides of the aisle, including chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Boehner), and the ranking member of that committee, the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller), as well as Senators Kennedy andGregg, the President recognized that the landmark legislation essentially was a contract with the American people. The No Child Left Behind Act demanded greater accountability and expectations in our education system; and in return, it promised, it contracted with States, with teachers, with parents, with America to provide educators greater resources to accomplish our shared goals and responsibilities.  Let me quote: ``A fourth principle of this act,'' the President said, ``is that we are going to spend more money, more resources, but they will be directed at methods that work.'' So we asked Maryland, we asked Ohio, and we asked Florida to perform certain responsibilities; but we said in the process that we would provide them the resources to accomplish those responsibilities.  Well, today, my colleagues, the Republican Party in this House of Representatives has decided, very frankly, that they will break its contract, the GOP's promise with the American people. This Labor-HHS-Education appropriation bill is an unflinching betrayal of the No Child Left Behind Act and a betrayal of children and parents and educators all over this country. While educators and local school districts all across this Nation have begun implementing the new accountability measures under this act, this bill falls $8 billion short of the promise that was made.  Our Republican friends undoubtedly will get up on this floor and say that they are increasing education funding. But here is what they will not say. The funding in this bill, after inflation, is tantamount to a funding freeze. Yes, my colleagues can provide $162 billion in estate tax cuts for the wealthiest families in America, a tax cut that will cost an estimated $750 billion in the decade after 2013, but they cannot keep their promise in funding the No Child Left Behind Act.  Two months ago, in the conference report on the budget resolution, this Republican majority promised, promised a $3 billion increase for the Department of Education. Today, it would underfund that commitment by $700 million, the smallest percentage increase in 8 years. Two months ago, this Republican majority promised an increase in IDEA funding, that is for the disabled children he spoke to, by $2.2 billion. Today, it would provide less than half that promised increase. Two months ago, this Republican majority promised an increase in title I funding by $1 billion. Today, it falls a third of a billion dollars short of that promise.  Furthermore, it cuts LIHEAP, low-income assistance. If Silvio Conte were here, a Republican from Massachusetts, he would be on the warpath saying how irresponsible that was. Even the Bush administration, in a statement of administration policy issued yesterday, and my distinguished chairman said some people say we are not spending enough money, well, ``some people'' includes George Bush, the President of the United States. He said he was disappointed that the LIHEAP funding level is $200 million less than he asked for. Not Democrats; that the President asked for.  In addition, this bill unravels our bipartisan commitment to increased funding for scientific and medical research. It slashes unemployment programs at a time when the unemployment picture is worse than it has been in a decade and where we have produced the least number of jobs of any administration in half a century. It fails to meet our commitment to address the nursing shortage, which the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) spoke to as well.  Finally, I want to urge my colleagues to support the amendment that will be offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. George Miller) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey) that would bar the Labor Department from spending money on regulations that undermine the 40-hour workweek once again. I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill.  Let me say in closing to my distinguished chairman that when he said we are not the Committee on Ways and Means, he is absolutely correct. But, my colleagues, we cannot, like Pontius Pilate, wash our hands of the responsibility of leaving children behind.  Vote against this bill. Vote for the Obey amendments to add the dollars necessary to fund what the President says we ought to do.  