Speaker, the gentleman is correct, there is no honor in this. Think about what you are doing tonight. Your majority leader said, and I will read quickly, Between now and the next Presidential election, through the end of the fiscal year 1996, the public debt will increase by almost $1.3 trillion. During President Reagan's first term, the debt ceiling was increased from $935 billion to $1.8 trillion. That is an increase of $889 billion. It took us over 200 years to get to $1 trillion in debt, over 200 years, and in the last 10 years we have gone to over $4 trillion of debt.  All of that so-called stimulus package is deficit spending. None of that spending, none of it is paid for. All of it borrows money to pay for it. That is part of why we are raising the debt ceiling.  He was speaking in opposition to the kind of action you are taking tonight and then the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Burton) said this, ``We need to do other things to balance the budget. Let us do it. But first and foremost, we have to shoot straight with the American people, and hiding things like this debt ceiling increase is not the way to do that.''  How many of you campaigned and said you were against raising the debt limit? How many of you campaigned on the fact that you were going to balance the budget? I voted for the balanced budget amendment. I believe in balancing the budget; and very frankly, under the Clinton administration, we took the Reagan-Bush deficits into surplus for the first time for 4 years in a row, the first time in 80 years.  Do you have no honor? Are you not ashamed of the hypocrisy that this budget resolution that you bring before us represents? Is there no honor in this House? Is there no fiscal integrity? Is there no concern for generations yet unborn who, as the gentleman from Tennessee says, will have to pay this bill and the young men and women we have in Iraq today will have to return here to pay the bill? Can we not stand up as Americans, proud of our country, proud of our objectives and say to them, we will pay as you fight, and together, we will win this battle for a better America?  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. Sherman).  