Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule. And I invite the 41 Members of this side of the aisle who wrote a letter just a few days ago, those 41 Members, all Republicans, said to the gentleman from Illinois (Speaker Hastert) and the gentleman from Texas (Majority Leader DeLay) that this is one of the most important issues that this Congress, or any Congress, will consider, and give us at least, they said, 3 days to consider this bill.  This bill is over 1,100 pages in length. It will affect not only the 40 million Americans who are eligible for Medicare, but it will also affect their families, their children, their sons and daughters who are confident that this country will provide for health care security for seniors.  I invite those 41 Members, this is about the process, this has been a terrible process, a shameful process. Speaker Hastert, an honorable man, appointed the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), the Dean of this House, serving here since 1955, one of the most knowledgeable people, not Democrats or Republican, most knowledgeable Americans with respect to health care and Medicare and Social Security. And then he appointed one of the most senior Members of this House, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) to this conference, and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Berry), the only pharmacist that serves in this House.  Shamefully, shamefully, they were neither invited, nor allowed, to come to the table to discuss this bill. I invite the 41 signers of this letter, if they meant what they said in this letter, to vote no on this rule. To vote no on this rule so that we can, in fact, look at it closely. Just 2 more days this bill, 1,100 pages in length, which was put on the Web just last afternoon, just approximately 24 hours ago.  I say to the signatories on this letter, if you meant what you said, if you believe the processes of this House ought to be followed, if you believe this issue is important enough to know what you are doing, to read the bill, to digest its consequences, to understand the adverse consequences that it will have on the poor, on those who were left behind in Medicare when the HSAs take the healthiest and wealthiest out of the system and force premiums higher for those who can least afford it, read this bill, understand this bill. You have not done so.  Some of our most respected colleagues signed this letter, Republicans all. I ask every Democrat to vote against this rule, to give ourselves and our constituents further time to consider this bill. I ask the Republicans honor their letter, honor their rules. Vote no on this one.  