Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation--the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions of 2003--which provides a national uniform standard on how consumer reporting agencies and other financial services entities may access and use consumer financial and medical data.  But before I discuss the substance of the underlying bill, I want to compliment the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Financial Services Committee (Mr. Oxley and Mr. Frank), who worked together in crafting this bipartisan legislation, which I believe will be passed by an overwhelming margin today.  This, Mr. Chairman, is how our legislative process should work. The Chairman and Ranking Member identified a need. They held hearings. And they crafted the bipartisan solution on the Floor today that is, nonetheless, open to amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the advent of the Internet and the Information Revolution has been a terrific boon for the American consumer. Millions have received quick credit decisions on financing a new car, on obtaining a credit card, and on taking out or refinancing a mortgage. This has clearly facilitated many of the most important financial decisions consumer make, and strengthened our economy.  However, it also illustrates the need for national uniform standards for financial information. And that is what this bill addresses.  Under this legislation, consumers can receive a free annual credit report that will disclose their credit score. In addition, the Act gives consumers new options for disputing and correcting inaccuracies in their credit reports, encourages prompt investigations of such disputes, and establishes new requirements to prevent corrected errors from being reintroduced into a credit report.  The Act also includes provisions to combat identify theft. A recent Federal Trade Commission survey indicated that more than 27 million Americans have been victims of identity theft in the last five years, including nearly 10 million people in the last year alone.  H.R. 2622 permits consumers to more easily place ``fraud alerts'' on their consumer reports; to require credit reporting agencies to block (or omit) information that is confirmed to have resulted from an identity theft, as long as the consumer has filed a police report concerning the ID theft; and to prohibit retailers from printing the expiration date and more than the last five digits of a consumer's credit or debit card number on electronic receipts.  Finally, the Act greatly expands the protections in the Fair Credit Reporting Act that govern the sharing and use of sensitive medical records and information, as well as information pertaining to medical-related payments and debts. These provisions will prohibit consumer reporting agencies from including medical information in a consumer's credit report unless the medical information is directly relevant to the consumer's attempts to obtain employment or credit and the consumer has explicitly consented to the release of the information.  Mr. Chairman, this legislation is not only substantively important, it is timely. As my colleagues may know, Congress must reauthorize the Fair Credit Reporting Act before the preemptions expire on December 31, 2003.  I urge my colleagues to vote for this legislation.  