Speaker, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Reynolds) talked about averages. Beware of averages.  If the gentleman from New York (Mr. Reynolds) gets $100,000 tax cut and I get a zero tax cut, that means the two of us got a $50,000 average tax cut. Beware of Republicans quoting average tax cuts.  The GOP's intransigence is on full display with the self-executing rule on this legislation to allow low-income working American families to benefit from the increase in the child tax credit.  Let there be no mistake: With this rule, the GOP leadership wants to send this legislation into conference committee where it hopes to tie up the bill and watch it die a slow death.  Two days ago, when the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) unveiled the House GOP's fiscally irresponsible version of this bill, he had the audacity to say, ``We are not in the business of politics, but rather policy.''  Well, I ask, is the United States Senate playing politics with this issue?  That body passed a responsible bipartisan bill, 94 Senators voting for it, giving relief to 12 million children and 6.5million families. I ask, is the President of the United States playing politics when he said he would sign the Senate bill and urged us to pass it? And the Democratic Caucus on this side of the aisle, every one of whom is prepared to vote for the bill that the President says he will sign that will give immediate relief to 12 million children and 6.5 million working families.  So we all know who is really playing politics on this issue. And it is not Senate Republicans, Senate Democrats, House Democrats, and President Bush who support the immediate passage of the Senate bill. It is the House Republicans who have proposed an irresponsible, $82 billion bill that is not paid for, that would drive us even deeper into debt and possibly prevent low-income working families from receiving this benefit.  I have said on this floor before, when you did not allow us to offer a substitute, that you did not have the courage of your convictions. I have said on this floor before when you did not allow us to offer amendments, that you did not have the courage of your convictions. Now, you not only do not allow us to offer a substitute, you do not allow us to offer amendments, you do not even have the courage to put your own bill on the floor.  The public probably does not understand that. This is a rule. Not the bill. We are not debating the bill. And, as a matter of fact, the committee whose jurisdiction has this bill is not even on the floor and they have not spoken on this bill. The leadership of the committee has not come forward and said that it is good bill. They have handled it on a procedural matter. Why? To muzzle us and to muzzle their folks who they do not rely on to vote on the substance of this bill, but hope and pray they will get enough of their people on the procedural end of this bill to carry the day. That is unfortunate.  Eighty-two billion dollars of deficit that Americans are going to have to pay for, my children are going to have to pay for, my grandchildren are going to have to pay for; and we do not even have the courage to put the bill on the floor, but this rule ruse is what we are confronted with.  Vote no on the previous question. Vote no on the bill.  