Speaker, to reiterate what the gentleman from Wisconsin has just said, the 1.3 million people are protected by the gentleman's motion, and they will be advantaged; but the millions of people who will be disadvantaged by the proposal of the Department of Labor will be protected by the gentleman's motion. That is the issue.  Under the Bush administration and this Republican Congress, our economy has lost more than 3 million jobs, including 2.5 million manufacturing jobs. President Bush has the worst job creation record of any President since Herbert Hoover, and with a new unemployment figure out tomorrow, the Department of Labor reported today that jobless claims rose last week to nearly 400,000 Americans.  The fact is working families have borne the brunt of the Republican Party's failed economic policies. The poverty rating increased last year for the second consecutive year. The ranks of the uninsured swelled by 2.4 million. The median household income plunged for the third straight year under this administration.  While millionaires reaped an average tax cut of $93,000 from the GOP's tax bill this year, this Republican Congress has failed to extend the child tax credit to families earning less than $26,000, 6.5 million families, 12 million children and 200,000 military personnel.  Now, as if to add insult to injury, the GOP is pushing new regulations that would strip more than eight million people from their eligibility for overtime pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act on which they rely to support their families, pay college tuition for their kids, pay their mortgage payment and car payment. The Secretary of Labor claims that businesses are lobbying for that change, and listen to this, ``not because they are getting any particular benefit but because they just want clarity.'' Give me a break.  ``Firms that represent employers can hardly contain their glee,'' according to the Washington Post. Hewitt Associates, a human resources consultant, said ``Employees previously accustomed to earning, in some cases significant amounts of overtime pay, would suddenly lose that opportunity,'' under the Department of Labor's proposal. And the law firm that represents clients who will be advantaged by this bill said, ``Thankfully, virtually all of these changes should ultimately be beneficial to employers.'' I am for benefiting employers, but I am not for not benefiting employees.  Mr. Speaker, this Democratic motion instructs conferees to accept the Senate-passed provision to block the Bush administration's proposed rule changes that adversely affect employees while keeping those that do.  Mr. Speaker, we have been advised that profanity was out of order on this floor; doing things that are profane ought to be as well.  