Leader, is should a conference be required. You are having meetings. We know that. You are having discussions. We know that. I reiterate again, notwithstanding all your numbers there, the Democrats are not included.  I will tell the gentleman further, as he knows, that in the other body the bill that passed the Senate was the Senate-passed bill from last year. Senator Domenici, who is one of the conferees on the floor, said we are going to substantially rewrite this bill in conference. So the debate on the floor seemed somewhat irrelevant. It was a device to get them to conference.  So this conference, more than some others where real bills were passed in both Houses, is a very important venue for the formulation of policy. Democrats are not being given access to those considerations in a full manner. But I am pleased, Mr. Leader, that 48 hours prior to the conference meeting, that we will be getting, whenever that may occur, that we will be getting a copy of the marked up proposal so that we can consider that, digest it, and bring our views to the conference.  I assume, Mr. Leader, that that conference will be unlike the FAA conference to which this body recommitted a bill, which never met as the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica) pointed out on the floor, it never met, and as the gentleman from California (Mr. Dreier) has lamented and, as a result, you have to waive the rules.  Mr. Leader, with respect to Medicare, we are in the same position. Do you expect the Medicare prescription drug bill to be on the floor any time in the next 2 weeks?  Mr. DeLAY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding. This is a very complicated bill. It is very extensive. It has taken hours, hundreds of hours of work on staff and Members' parts. The gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) is trying to put together a proposal that he can submit to the conference committee. Various Members from both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol have been offering him input on this proposal. And based on my conversations with the chairman, his proposal could come very soon, or at least in the next 2 weeks. But I cannot predict for certain when the conference committee will meet to consider this proposal or when the House will vote on the Medicare conference report.  I am aware of the anxieties many of the Members feel about the progress of the Medicare legislation, but the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas), chairman of the conference, is working with all of the Members who want to improve the bill in order to craft a final product he can present to all the conferees.  We know how important this legislation is to the credibility of this body and to the well-being of American seniors for years to come. So I am sure that you would understand the need not to hurry in this process. And so, that said, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) is very close to completing years of work that have been put into this bill and has assured the leadership that he will have a proposal to present to all conferees in the very near future.  