Speaker, I am pleased to support this resolution, S. Con. Res. 48, supporting the goals and ideals of National Epilepsy Awareness Month.  More than 2.3 million people in the United States have some form of epilepsy. Thirty percent of them are children under the age of 18. About 180,000 new cases of seizures and epilepsy are diagnosed each year. A large number of children and adults have undetected or untreated epilepsy. Yet so many people know very little about the condition, including how to detect it, and how to treat it.  I serve on the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Subcommittee and have long advocated an increased federal commitment for both the research and treatment for adults and children with epilepsy. I have supported greater epilepsy research at the National Institutes of Health to study causes and cures of this neurological condition. I was honored to be a part of establishing the first epilepsy-specific program at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. And I am pleased that this year the House has provided $3 million for the Health Resources and Services Administration to implement a demonstration public health program to serve people with epilepsy who lack access to adequate medical care. I hope that funding will be included in the final omnibus appropriations bill for this purpose.  While the progress we have made so far in increasing research and improving public health strategies for epilepsy is important, we must also continue to increase awareness and education. By increasing awareness we can affect social attitudes, government programs, and the delivery of health care services for persons currently without treatment. We can improve efforts for prevention and treatment. And perhaps one day soon we can find a cure.  In about 70 percent of epilepsy cases there is no known cause. Of the remaining 30 percent, the most frequent causes are head trauma (such as from a car accident, sports accident, or a fall), brain tumor, stroke, poisoning (including lead poisoning and alcoholism), infection, or maternal injury.  But with treatment, people can achieve full or partial control of seizures in about 85 percent of cases. Drug therapy is often required treatment, and less often, surgery. Dietary changes can also sometimes control seizures.  Improved prevention and treatment is dependent on improved awareness and education.  This week many of us in Congress are discussing the need to provide seniors greater and improved access to prescription drugs. Seniors with epilepsy are no different. They need unimpeded access to, and coverage for, the critical anti-epileptic drugs that treat their condition. Many people with epilepsy are concerned about the availability of all anti-epileptic drug options when enrolling in managed care plans. A Medicare bill that pushes seniors into managed care may not meet the needs of this population. When we consider the Medicare legislation before us, we must ensure that seniors, including seniors with epilepsy, should not be forced to worry about their drug coverage.  I applaud this resolution and support the establishment of an annual Epilepsy Awareness Month.  