Leader, you and I may have a different perspective obviously. You recall, as I have discussed in the past, the Patients' Bill of Rights. Everybody was for the Patients' Bill of Rights. In fact, in the 106th Congress, as the leader will well recognize, when he was the whip and responsible for counting votes, the Patients' Bill of Rights passed this House with over 250 votes of people who saw it in a way that ought to pass, ought to be the law of the land.  As you will recall, the Speaker appointed eight out of the nine Republican conferees who had opposed the bill. Now, maybe that is the way the House in your recollection has always worked where 250 people vote for something. It never came out of conference, not surprisingly, when you had eight out of nine of the Republican conferees in the majority that opposed the bill that were in the conference. So apparently if it is on your side of the aisle and you oppose something, locking it up in conference is okay. If you are on our side of the aisle and you want to see a Patients' Bill of Rights or you want to see a Medicare prescription bill and you want to see a prescription drug bill that does not eliminate Medicare, that provides for affordable and accessible health care at a price that can be afforded by all of our seniors, then somehow you are perceived as not wanting to improve the bill and, therefore, is not worth being included.  As you know, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel), one of the senior Members of this House, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) tried to have arrested not too long ago and thrown out of the Committee on Ways and Means by the Capitol Police.  You will recall that the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) has now gone to where the conferees, theoretically, were meeting and was asked to leave. The gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel), the ranking Democrat on the Committee on Ways and Means, one of the seniors.  Now, I will remind the chairman that Mr. Rostenkowski chaired this committee and invariably made sure that Republicans were, in fact, included, and invariably when bills came to the floor, he had Republicans supporting those bills and they worked with him. And you will recall that he worked with the President of the United States when we were in the majority to pass the 1986 tax bill. So that may be your recollection, Mr. Leader, of how the House runs.  Mr. DeLAY. If the gentleman will yield, my recollection is completely different than yours.  I can remember serving in the minority, too, and having the same frustrations that you have had. It is part of the frustrations of being in the minority.  As the gentleman understands, we are not operating in this regard any differently than the gentleman operated when you were in the majority. You work with people that want to get a bill. You do not waste a lot of time with people that do not want a bill. And then you give everybody the opportunity through the Rules of the House to participate either in the full committee, formal conference committee meetings or here on the floor of the House, and certainly ultimately expressing themselves with their vote.  