Leader, let me say something. Really what you just said is the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) is meeting with all those who seek to improve the legislation. Improvement, of course, is in the eye of the beholder. There are 435 Members elected to this House, Mr. Leader, as we all know. Their perspective on what improves or harms legislation differs, sometimes very substantially. Butour Founding Fathers, Mr. Leader, formed a House representing a diverse American public, from many regions of this country, many areas of every State. Every State has differences within that State. My State does. Your State does.  To say that the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) is only going to talk to those that he perceives as interested in improving that legislation is to say that a bill that passed this House by one vote after the roll was kept open for some 45 minutes is to say that at least half of this House will be excluded.  Mr. Leader, that is not in my opinion and in the opinion of this side of the aisle, and I believe in the opinion of the American people, the way they expect this House to run. It is not the gentleman from California's (Mr. Thomas) view of what improves or does not improve this bill that counts. It is each of us who are elected to represent our constituents and put on the table the alternatives we believe improve that bill. They ought to be considered. We do not believe that is being done, Mr. Leader.  Mr. DeLAY. If the gentleman will yield, I just have to say to the gentleman, I know the gentleman is trying to change the process of the House. We are not operating any differently than this House has always operated.  Every Member that wants to have input on this bill can find ways to have input. It has been expressed time and time again by the leadership on your side of the aisle and others that they do not want this bill. They want a different kind of bill and a different approach.  You have had that opportunity in presenting that approach and in presenting an alternative and a substitute for the will of the House, and the gentleman made a grand attempt to do that. He failed. He did not have the votes to do it.  In that process we went to conference committee. Those Members that are willing to work with, instead of obstruct, the process of getting a Medicare bill to this floor have been consulted on both sides of the aisle by many different people, not just the chairman of the conference committee. So the process is open and available to those who are willing to work with us and be constructive and productive in getting a bill so that the House can vote on it. That is the way this place works. It is the way it has always worked.  