 I believe Senator Martinez and I are up, after a Republican, for an amendment. I am prepared to proceed.  Madam President, although I spoke about this amendment this morning, I wish to speak about it again. This amendment is called the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act, ``licensing'' being the dispositive word. I am very proud to work with this with Senator Martinez of Florida. He is on his way and he will be making a statement following mine. This amendment is cosponsored by Senators Boxer, Obama, Dole, Durbin, Salazar, and Clinton.  One of the things I didn't realize is how big scams are a part of the subprime market. I remember picking up a USA Today newspaper in January and the headline reading, ``Housing Scams Rising, FBI Says. 2007 Convictions More Than Doubled.''  As we began to look at this, we found there was a very real problem. The problem is that there is but a thin patchwork of State regulations. They vary. Some do not have any. Some are pretty good; some are not so good. So we put together this bill, Senator Martinez and I, and I am very proud to say it is supported by the National Association of Mortgage Brokers, by the Conference of Bank Supervisors, by the mayor of Los Angeles, and by the National Association of Realtors. I wish to read, if I might, the realtors letter because I think it is important to the discussion.       On behalf of over 1.3 million members of the National      Association of REALTORS, I want to share our views on the      SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act offered by Senators Feinstein and      Martinez.       We believe this amendment will go far towards preventing      another subprime market failure that would further erode      confidence in the Nation's housing finance system. While      responsible subprime lenders have played an important role in      helping millions of consumers achieve homeownership, abusive      subprime lending has occurred much too often. As a result,      roughly 2.2 million American households have been projected      to lose their homes, and as much as $164 billion due to      subprime mortgage foreclosures.       Many of the provisions of the amendment are consistent with      NAR's ``Responsible Lending Principles.'' We believe our      principles provide an appropriate basis for legislation that      would help eliminate irresponsible practices such as making      loans without sufficient regard to the borrower's ability to      repay the loan and avoid foreclosure.       The National Association of REALTORS supports responsible      lending, mortgage servicing, and appraisal practices. We      support this amendment that will help close the door on      abusive lending practices.  I wish to say on behalf of the cosponsors of this amendment and myself, thank you to the National Association of Realtors.  We are very grateful for the support. The fact is, mortgage fraud complaints have jumped more than 700 percent over the last 5 years, from 5,623 in 2002 to 46,717 last year. Mortgage fraud complaints in my State, California--Senator Boxer's and my State--have increased 400 percent over the last 5 years, from 1,143 in 2002 to 4,060 last year.  All you have to do is take a look at the jump in these complaints and the jump in convictions to know there are scams going on and we need to stop them. The best way to stop them is to license these brokers and lenders so we prevent the 25-year-old scam artist--I do not pull this out of the air; this is a fact--who can come in, get on a telephone, and tell lenders or tell individuals what they can do to refinance their house and do it all in a bogus manner.  We have 10 States that are mortgage fraud hot spots in the United States. They are California, New York, Texas, Florida, Georgia, Utah, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan. These are mortgage fraud hot spots because of the number of complaints and convictions of mortgage fraud coming from these States. So the time has come to do something about it.  Now, there are some people in this body who say: Do not pass this bill today; put it in regular order. Let it go to the committee.  Let it go to the committee, and it will be another year before this bill is before us. And I will bet any amount of money the mortgage fraud will continue because all of the conditions are ripe for it.  The only way to handle it is to pass this bill so we set into motion some minimum national standard and allow the States to carry out this minimum standard and add to it anything the States might want.  As I say, the 1.3 million-member National Association of Realtors is in support of this amendment. And the group that regulates them is in support of the amendment as well. Today, subprime mortgages are 30 percent of all the mortgages in the largest State in the Union. Thirty percent of every mortgage is subprime in California. This is a community because they are mainly working class, not necessarily college graduates, who are eager pawns for bad actors in the mortgage and lending business.  Now, having said that, not all brokers are bad actors; many of them are honorable professionals. The fact is, this is a profession. This is what you do as a mortgage broker, as a lender.  You should have standards. You should have to pass a test. You should have to get a license, and you should have to renew that license periodically. How else can you be able to go out, get on a phone, call people and say: Look, I can refinance your house at 4 percent. You bring in the eager homeowner, and then the reality is something very different.  These bad actors must be stopped. There is only one way to stop them; that is, have minimum Federal standards, allow the States--and in my State it would be the Corporation Department that would do this, that sets up the licenses, that sets up the training. And individuals would go through the training, they would have their background checked, they would get a license, and the license would go up for renewal annually.  Some object to it. My goodness, attorneys have to renew their licenses. Why not someone who puts out mortgages which is very often everything an individual owns? Why is it not important for them to have a license and have that license renewed?  Once again, I would like to tell you about this family. I do so because I met them in Los Angeles last week. This is the Simmons family. Look at their house. It is not a mansion. It is a one-story, well-kept stucco home with flowers planted, bushes trimmed.  The gentleman, Mr. Simmons, was an employee of Northrop Grumman for 20 years; his wife employed as a food checker at Alpha Beta for 26 years. They have owned this home for 39 years. Mr. Simmons had a stroke. They found they needed cash. They received a cold call, a phone call from somebody. They wanted $500,000, to be able to get a loan, take this out, use it for medical expenses.  They offered them a $629,000 loan with $25,000 cash back, 4.5 percent interest rate, and monthly payments of $2,000. Now, they are not college graduates. These are working people who did everything they could to buy a home, who have kept that home up for 39 years in good condition, and who today are going to lose that home.  And here is why: There was no cash back, different from what they were promised. The interest was 11.2 percent on this loan. The monthly payments were not $2,000 as they were told; it was $5,300. When they had to make the first payment, they called the broker and said: You told us $2,000. Why is it $5,300?  The broker said: It is only that for 4 months, to draw down the interest rate.  They said: Ok, I guess we can do it for 4 months. It was not only for 4 months, it was for the length of the mortgage. And the broker walks off with a $20,000 fee.  Now, in my book this is fraud. There are some who say: Oh, people get the papers. Let them read through them.  You have bought a home, Mr. President. I have bought a home. I did not read all of the fine print on all of the documents. I depend on the word of the broker. And I believe most people do that.  Now, I am not a lawyer. I do have a college degree. What if I only had a high school degree or not even that? I worked all my life. I do not understand the fine print. This is why you have professionals representing you to tell you the truth.  There is a penalty--should be--if they do not tell you the truth. Buying a home should not be a scam. Refinancing a home should not be a scam. So we then went on the Internet. Let's see what companies advertising to employ brokers say. And here is one of them. Here is the source. We accessed it on February 27 for brokers: No experience, education, or exam is necessary. No experience, education, or exam is necessary.  They go on to say to the company: You can hire unlicensed sales agents to originate loans under your company license.  I do not think they should be able to do that because it is these people who pick up the phone and call the homeowners and offer that second mortgage. Particularly in the subprime market, where many people have very little, if any, downpayment, this presents enormous difficulty.  Consequently, we have a real problem. I hope this amendment passes today. Perhaps some people do not like this or that. It can be worked out in conference. But when we are passing this bill, we ought to pass something that says once and for all the Federal Government is willing to step in, set minimum standards; you, the State, set up your laws, set up your licensing requirements. These are the minimum standards, and you can add to them and see that those people, mortgage brokers and lenders, are licensed.  The legislation also creates a database so that I, Joe Doe, about to buy a house, can go into my computer, if I have one, and see that my mortgage broker is licensed, know that he has been to school, know that he has been informed of ethics, know that he does not have a felony background right now, you can have a felony background--and know that his license is renewed annually so he is kept up to date on ethics and best practices.  This industry, real estate, because it controls such a large proportion of most people's wealth, their homes--their home is their rock. Everything flows from that home ownership. And for most people buying a home is truly the American dream. Owning, having that equity, building that equity over the years, being able to finance retirement from the equity in a home when they choose to sell it is such a big deal. And to have bad actors, flim-flam artists going around suckering in people makes me angry. So I would hope this body, on behalf of Senator Martinez and me, will be willing to pass this legislation today.  I ask unanimous consent to add Senator Klobuchar as a cosponsor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). Without objection, it is so ordered.  