  Oil prices continue to set records. Last week the price of oil hit $138 per barrel. Not too long ago $38 seemed like an unheard of price, not $138.  Gasoline prices now average above $4 per gallon nationwide. Some gas stations have to charge by the half gallon.Their pumps cannot calculate in prices this high.  And there seems to be no relief in sight for consumers as we enter the summer travel season.  Energy markets are not working--and speculation is adding an extra $20-$25 per barrel to the price of oil. We must protect these markets from manipulation, excessive speculation and fraud.  In the farm bill Congress finally closed the ``Enron loophole,'' and placed all major electronic trades that could drive energy prices under the watchful eye of the CFTC.  However, I remain concerned that there are no comparable protections in place when U.S. energy futures are traded on international markets--presenting yet another regulatory loophole for energy traders to exploit. So title V of this bill would close that loophole and ensure that the trading of all U.S. energy futures--whether on foreign or domestic markets--is done with transparency and with an audit trail.  Title V is based upon the Oil Trading Transparency Act, which I introduced recently with Senator Carl Levin.  The Oil Trading Transparency Act would close the London loophole, whereby traders of West Texas Intermediate Crude Oil execute trades on an electronic exchange ``located in'' London, England, outside the jurisdiction of American regulators.  Specifically: the bill directs the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, CFTC, to ensure that any foreign exchange operating a trading terminal in the United States for the trading of a U.S. energy commodity meets two regulatory requirements that currently apply to U.S. exchanges: (1) It must impose speculative trading limits to prevent price manipulation and excessive speculation, and (2) It must publish daily trading information to ensure market transparency.  The bill would also require the CFTC to obtain information from the foreign exchange to enable it to establish an audit trail and determine how much trading in U.S. energy commodities is due to speculation.  Today the CFTC's weekly publication of speculation data for U.S. markets lacks any information about the oil trading conducted in London which makes up approximately 30 percent of the trading volume in West Texas Intermediate Crude Oil.  Let me explain why this provision is necessary. The United States places limits on speculative energy trades that contribute to high prices.  But traders of U.S. crude oil know that they can avoid U.S. limits and transparency requirements by trading crude oil futures on the London's ICE Futures Europe instead of the NYMEX exchange in New York.  CFTC acknowledged in a June 2 letter to me that traders can even use London as a refuge from U.S. speculation limits. CFTC's acting chairman wrote:       If CFTC instructed an oil trader to reduce the size of his      NYMEX West Texas Intermediate crude oil position, the trader      would not be prohibited, under either the [Commodity Exchange      Act] or the Commission's regulations, from establishing a      similar position in the ICE Futures Europe WTI crude oil      contract.  That regulatory disparity means U.S. traders trading U.S. oil on the London exchange can engage in excessive speculation that affects U.S. prices and not report their trades.  The traders can do it by using computer terminals in the United States with direct access to the London exchange. The contracts in London settle on the price in New York, so they are functionally equivalent ``look alike'' contracts.  According to CFTC, every single week since 2006 at least one trader has held positions in London above the NYMEX spot month speculative limit of 3 million barrels of oil.  Most weeks, five to eight traders have been above these limits, and at one point 22 traders were above the NYMEX limit.  And its not only contracts in the spot month. Sixty-four percent of the time since 2006, at least one trader in London has exceeded out month position accountability levels that are set at 20 million barrels of oil in New York. CFTC reports that 48 different traders have been above these limits at one time or another since 2006.  This legislation is necessary in order to close this loophole and require that foreign boards of trade that operate trading terminals in our country comply with the same speculation trading limits and reporting requirements that apply to U.S. trades.  What is Traded in London? Trading in London is regulated by the British, so some might wonder why we would ask our friends in London to impose American regulatory standards.  I believe some of London's contracts matter more to America than England, and we need to make sure they are subject to our position limit system.  For example, ICE Futures Europe lists U.S. crude oil--West Texas Intermediate--New England heating oil, and U.S. gasoline contracts.  West Texas Intermediate crude oil is produced here, used here, and never leaves the United States.  Heating oil and gasoline are refined and used within our borders.  ICE Futures Europe is a wholly owned subsidiary of an American company, Atlanta based Intercontinental Exchange, or ICE.  Since buying ICE Futures Europe, ICE has shut down the trading floor in London and replaced it with a virtual, electronic floor.  Their American and British systems are so integrated that trading ``in London'' recently shut down because an ICE data center in Chicago, IL, lost power.  And most importantly, British regulators are accountable to the British people who would naturally prefer that their government use its resources to prevent manipulation in markets that affect British people, not Americans.  The British only have 80 people monitoring market abuses, investigating, and enforcing rules in all of their financial markets--including stocks, bonds, futures, swaps, and currency. Not one of these 80 people is specifically assigned to monitor trading of West Texas Intermediate, American Gasoline, or New England heating oil.  This may explain why the CFTC tells me that British regulators are yet to bring a single manipulation case against traders in any of the contracts for U.S. delivery.  That is why the audit trail established by this legislation is so important.  If CFTC gets trading data from London, it can pursue manipulation and fraud cases under their existing authority. But CFTC needs the records. It needs the data to monitor markets that impact the price of energy in the United States.  Bottom Line: CFTC needs this legislation in order to protect American oil markets from manipulation and excessive speculation.  In the farm bill we took a major step in closing the Enron loophole. It took us 7 years to close it, and millions of consumers paid the price.  This legislation is needed to close a new loophole that opened in 2006 when ICE Futures Europe began listing a U.S. based energy commodity on its exchange in London. If we vote to pass the Oil Trading Transparency Act, we will close the London loophole in only 2 years.  Today's markets evolve quickly, and we need to make sure our market oversight responds just as quickly. Let us not wait 6 years to close a loophole so large you could drive an oil tanker through it.  