 It is now 10 years later. And no discussion. Ihave tried my level best but no discussion, no ability for the leader of 6 million people, part of China, to be able to sit down and discuss them.  So the events over the last month have been tragic. But if I think of the frustration that has built up over 40 years, of a leader who has renounced violence, who has proposed a middle way, it is shocking to me.  Since 2002, six sets of talks have occurred between the Dalai Lama's representative, namely his special envoy, Lodi Gyari, and the United Front Work Department of the Communist Party of China, but no progress has resulted.  Now, to bring this issue to a settlement, the leaders must be involved. I deeply believe it is in the interests of both the Chinese Government and the Tibetan people for the leaders to sit down and negotiate how to bring about meaningful cultural and religious autonomy for the Tibetan people and faith.  This is essentially what this resolution attempts to do in a constructive way. I know we called Senator Smith. I hoped he would be here. But the floor opened up and I decided to take the opportunity to speak briefly about our resolution. We have worked with the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, with other Senators as well. I believe this resolution sets forward in positive terms our concern about what is happening with Tibet and with China. I certainly remain open to trying to help in any way I possibly can to bring the two sides together. I know the frustration I feel, having tried 10 years ago, 11 years ago, 12 years ago, carrying letters from the Dalai Lama and then, in virtually every conversation I have had with Chinese leadership since; it has all come to naught.  What is happening is there is a newer, younger group of Tibetans who see the large Tibetan community in exile in Dharamsala who say the Dalai Lama, in pursuing this middle way, hasn't achieved anything, and therefore we have to take to the streets and we have to show that the Communists in China must sit down with us and must talk with us. I believe that is the scenario playing out in many provinces and all over the world today.  It can all be stopped by a different kind of scenario. That is one that recognizes that the Dalai Lama, a historic and well-respected religious leader, should be able to sit down with the leadership of China and discuss the problem and come up with a mechanism that can provide for the cultural and religious autonomy of the people both in the Tibetan autonomous area, as well as in the three surrounding provinces.  I hope this resolution will be heard, and I hope we will pass it shortly. If there is no objection, I send the resolution to the desk at this time.  