 President, I rise in support of the Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 that would renew major programs that ensure our Nation's students have access to a college education.  This important legislation would increase grant aid to our neediest students, provide new measures to address rising college costs, and would reform the student loan system so that it better serves students.  Students and their families in California and nationwide are struggling to pay the growing costs of a college education.  Specifically, this bill will increase Pell grants from $4,800 to $6,000 for 2009 and to $8,000 for 2014. Over 625,000 California students rely on Pell grants to afford college.  It will allow low-income students, for the first time, to receive Pell grants year round, including summer school. This will help students complete their degree programs more quickly.  It will allow military servicemembers to defer payments, interest free, on Federal direct loans while they are on active duty. Our service men and women risk their lives for our Nation and deserve to not have to worry about paying their student loans while they are on duty.  It will authorize the U.S. Department of Education to award competitive grants for Teacher Preparation Programs that help recruit and retain high-quality teachers in high-need schools.  It will require the U.S. Department of Education to publish detailed data about college pricing trends on its website to ensure more transparency.  It will simplify student financial aid forms by creating a new 2-page form for low-income students, and phase out the current 7-page form within 5 years.  It is critical that we help make college more affordable and accessible for students at a time when they are taking on more debt to pay for school.  More than half of California students who graduate from 4-year public colleges have debt averaging over $12,000.  Nearly 1 year ago, the President signed into law major legislation that provides over $17 billion in new grant aid to low-income college students--$2.5 billion of which would go to help California's students. And the key reforms in the renewal of this Higher Education legislation before us today will further help ensure that college is more affordable for our young people and that they receive the education they deserve to succeed.  