 President, I wish to speak for a short period of time on an amendment that I would like to offer, in the event I am given the opportunity to do so.  The Terrorist Surveillance Program began in mid-October of 2001, and it operated until January of 2007. It operated outside of the jurisdiction of the FISA Court during that period of time. That is 5 years and 2 months, when a program operated with no court review or no court approval.  Now, I must regretfully say the United States--long before this President and the prior President, but for decades--has had a rather sordid history of misusing foreign intelligence for domestic political purposes. This was well outlined in the Church Committee's report, which led to the development of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act--which is the bill we are talking about--in 1978.  If you go back and read the record, you will see that President Carter signed the bill. In his signing statement, as well as the record of the deliberations of the Congress at that time, he tried to overcome this sordid history by making the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act--this bill--the exclusive authority for electronic surveillance of Americans for the purpose of foreign intelligence. That was the bottom line, so that never again could foreign intelligence be used politically against American citizens domestically.  FISA has continued over the decades, and I think it has served this Nation well.  What we have seen develop now is a Presidency and a President who believes very strongly in his executive authority and has tried, through many different ways, to enhance that executive authority. One of those ways has been signing statements--more signing statements by this President, saying what part of the law he would follow and what part he would not follow; the concept of the unitary Executive, which has been espoused, whereby all commissions, even the FCC, would be subject to the will of the Presidency and by his use of article II authority--asserting that authority under the Constitution as supreme to any statute.  The battle over FISA going back to 1978--was to give FISA statutory authority that would be supreme in this one particular area. The President strove to do it at the time, and the Congress strove to do it at the time. The Judiciary Committee bill has this strong statement of exclusivity in it, which I will propose in an amendment to this bill. The amendment is cosponsored by the chairmen of both committees, Intelligence and Judiciary, Senators Rockefeller and Leahy; Senator Nelson, who serves on the Intelligence Committee; Senator Whitehouse, who serves on both committees along with myself; Senator Wyden from the Intelligence Committee; Senator Hagel from Intelligence; Senator Menendez; Senator Snowe from the Intelligence Committee; and Senator Specter, the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee.  All of us together believe there should be strong exclusivity language that reinforces the intent of the Congress, that the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act be the exclusive authority for the wiretapping of Americans for the purpose of foreign intelligence. It makes sense and should be the case.  Finally, the administration said in January of last year: OK, we will try to put the program under the FISA Court. In fact, the program today is under the FISA Court through the Protect America Act. So there is a court review and, where warranted, court warrants are granted for the collection of content. That is the way it should be. As we move to this bill, minimization strictures will be spelled out, approved by the court prior, and that is the way it should be.  We would like to add to this bill the exclusivity language contained in the Judiciary Committee bill. All of us are in agreement, whether we are Intelligence Committee members or Judiciary Committee members, that FISA should become the exclusive authority, and we should try to reinforce it so that in 2 years, 10 years, or 20 years we will not be right back to where we are today.  Let me quickly describe the amendment, and shortly I will try to send a modification of the amendment that is at the desk now, which has some technical corrections in it.  Let me describe this amendment briefly. We add language to reinforce the existing FISA exclusivity language in title 18 by making it part of the FISA language, which is codified in title 50.  The second provision addresses the so-called AUMF loophole. The administration has also argued that the authorization for the use of military force against al-Qaida implicitly authorized warrantless electronic surveillance.  The amendment we would offer states that only an express statutory authorization for electronic surveillance in future legislation shall constitute an additional authority outside of FISA. This makes clear that only a specific future law that provides an exception to FISA can supersede FISA. Only another statute specific can supersede FISA.  Third, the amendment makes a similar change to the penalty section of FISA. Currently, FISA says it is a criminal penalty to conduct electronic surveillance, except as authorized by statute. The amendment replaces that general language with a prohibition on any electronic surveillance except as authorized by FISA, by the corresponding parts of title 18 that govern domestic criminal wiretapping, or any future express statutory authorization for surveillance.  Finally, the amendment requires more clarity in any certification that the Government provides to a company--in this case, a telecom company--when it requests assistance for surveillance and there is no court order.  The FISA law provides only two ways to do electronic surveillance. One of the ways is a court order. That is clear, that is distinct, that is understandable.  The second way provides that if assistance is based on statutory authorization, a certification is sent to the company, in writing, requesting assistance and saying that all statutory requirements have been met.  Under this amendment, the certification must specify what provision in law provides that authority and that the conditions of that provision have been met. This adds specificity to the certification process which today is called for by the FISA law. I believe this is something that is necessary to have in law.  In good conscience, I could not vote for any law that did not make the test case that we need to make, which is our legislative intent that FISA is intended to be the exclusive authority for the collection of electronic surveillance, foreign intelligence involving a U.S. person.  It should be subject to FISA law. I don't think any one of us would want to vote to prevent that from happening.  I believe this amendment could be adopted given a chance. We have vetted it. It will not interfere with the collection of intelligence. We have vetted it with the Department of Justice and with the intelligence agencies. As I say, it is bipartisan.  What I would like to do at this time is call up the amendment. It is No. 3857, and I ask unanimous consent to send a modification to the desk to that amendment.  