 Later, Senator Martinez and I will be submitting an amendment. The Senator is in the Banking Committee now and will come to the floor shortly.  I wish to take this opportunity to speak about this amendment. It is also supported by Senators Boxer, Obama, Salazar, Dole, Durbin, and Clinton. Essentially, this amendment deals with the fact that today there is a very thin patchwork of State licensing for brokers. It is insufficient. There are no national standards for the licensing of a mortgage broker in this subprime marketplace. In many States, there are really no requirements. What that has done is enabled bad actors to flourish. I wish to give you two examples of what a bad actor as a subprime mortgage broker means.  I met this family in the picture in Los Angeles this past week. This is the Simmons family. Mr. Simmons worked for Northrop Grumman for 20 years, and Mrs. Simmons has been a checker at Alpha Beta for 26 years. They are retired. They have owned this home in Los Angeles for 39 years. Mr. Simmons had a stroke. When he had this stroke, they obviously had additional medical expenses. Last year, they were in the market for a better rate than the 8 percent they were paying on the loan on their house which remained and was $550,000. They got a cold-call from an unlicensed broker, who offered them a $629,000 loan with these terms: $25,000 cash back, a 4.5-percent interest rate, and monthly payments of $2,000 after four months at $5,300 to lower the interest rate. They studied it and said, ``We can afford this.'' And so they did it. Here is what really happened. The interest rate was 11.2 percent, not 4.5 percent. There was no cash back. The monthly payments were $5,300 every month. They called about it, and they were told it just wasn't true. The paper they signed was for $5,300 every month for the length of the mortgage. Then they learned that not only was there no cash back, but this broker walked off with $20,000 in his pocket. These are retired people. They were confronted with hundreds of pages of loan documents, filled with small print. They trusted their broker.  Not too long ago, my husband and I bought a home. We trusted our broker. He went through the papers with us. Candidly, I do not believe most people read every line of what amounts to a stack about 6 inches high of papers when you buy a home.  For the Simmons family, they dipped into their life savings. They are afraid they may lose their home. This is exactly the type of situation our bill would prevent.  Let me give you another story of Steve and Valvina McFatten. They live in Fresno, and they are in this photo with their children and dog in front of their house. They have two teenage daughters. Steve is an assembly-line worker. Valvina is an office assistant. They both work.  In 2005, a bank told them they could handle a mortgage of up to $135,000. When they saw their dream home the next year--listed at $250,000--they thought it was out of reach. But a broker steered them into two mortgages for $250,000 for only $1,000 down, with an adjustable interest rate. Their combined monthly payments were $1,600. Now, the McFattens have weak credit, modest income, and two children to raise. They told their broker they could not afford this loan. The broker told them not to worry, that their monthly payments included their property taxes, their mortgage insurance, and a warranty for home repairs. Well, did that turn out? No. Here is what the real deal was: no money toward property taxes, no money toward insurance, and no warranty. It was canceled without their knowledge.  These are two examples of what is happening in California. Many Americans trying to get a piece of the American dream have actually been sold a bill of goods by unscrupulous brokers and lenders. When I was in Los Angeles, the San Bernardino district attorney, the Los Angeles district attorney, and the State attorney general had just arrested nine bad actors in the mortgage broker business. So it is going on all of the time. People are told: Don't worry, you don't need a big downpayment. You can get into a zero-interest loan. Don't worry about what you are getting into. Home values always rise. Don't worry about the adjustable interest rate; you can always refinance. Don't worry, you cannot lose.  Well, the fact is that you can lose, and you can lose big. I can say that everybody should read the fine print and take the time to understand exactlywhat their mortgage documents say. The fact is that people have difficulty understanding these very legal documents. They tend to depend on their mortgage broker. So the damage is staggering.  There were more than 2 million filings last year, and another 2 million are expected this year. Senator Boxer's and my State is ground zero, with 4 of the 10 metropolitan areas with the highest foreclosure rates in the Nation. No. 2 is Stockton. No. 4 is San Bernardino. No. 5 is Sacramento. No. 7 is Bakersfield. It just so happens that these are areas with a lot of middle-class, hard-working families who tend to trust their broker. Both people in the family work. They may not all be college graduates. They may have a tough time understanding the fine print, and they depend on the person who comes to them as a professional and makes personal representations to them.  My State accounts for more than 20 percent of the Nation's foreclosure filings. It is very serious. We have now learned how easy it is for anyone to get into the mortgage business in some States and, quite frankly, it is astonishing. A simple Internet search will show how easy it is.  These are statements taken right off the Internet for a broker. Here is the source: http://www.cflicense.com. We accessed this site on the 27th of February of this year. Here is what they advertised:       No experience, education or exam is necessary.  To sell subprime mortgages in the State of California.  And here is also what we learned:       You can hire unlicensed sales agents to originate loans      under your company license.  In fact, a lot of the real estate industry is opposed to mortgage licensing. They want to be able to do that. But our job is to decide, is this in the best interest of the consumer? I don't believe it is. As a matter of fact, I find it rather outrageous. I say to the real estate industry: This does you no good to have unlicensed subprime mortgage brokers who give bogus information to your clients.  So here is what this bipartisan amendment would do. First, it would establish some minimum, basic Federal license requirements. They would ensure mortgage brokers and lenders are trained in ethics, consumer protection, lending laws, and the subprime marketplace. To be licensed, you would have to have no felony convictions, have no similar license revoked, demonstrate a record of financial responsibility, successfully complete educational requirements, at least 20 hours of approved courses--it seems to me that is pretty basic--pass a comprehensive written exam, and meet an annual license review and renewal requirement. It would also require that all mortgage brokers and lenders provide fingerprints, a summary of work experience, and consent to a background check to authorities.  The bill would also establish a national database so individuals buying a home who wanted to use a subprime mortgage broker could go on the Internet and find out if that broker is, in fact, licensed.  The State would have the responsibility to carry out these minimum standards and could add any standards they wished. But State regulators would be required to develop a satisfactory licensing system within 1 year following the enactment of this legislation. If this does not occur, the Housing and Urban Development Secretary is empowered to quickly develop a national database and license-generating revenue for its implementation through fees to license applicants.  There is broad bipartisan support for this amendment. Our amendment is similar to a provision authored by Representative Spencer Bachus, a Republican from Alabama, the ranking member of the House Committee on Financial Services.  The national licensing concept for mortgage lenders and brokers was included in the comprehensive mortgage reform bill which passed the House in November. And last month, the President's working group on financial markets recommended a similar proposal in their report on the housing crisis.  I will conclude. The emergence in recent years of subprime and other exotic mortgage products have put many American home buyers at great financial risk, and many of these products require little or no downpayment. They allow people with bad credit to get in over their head. They do not verify their wages. Many have exaggerated wages on the loan documents. And most lenders and brokers offered these mortgages, though, in a responsible fashion. But many others used predatory tactics, such as failing to disclose the full risk in order to place unsuspecting borrowers into mortgages they could not afford.  Madam President, my heart broke when I met the Simmons family. When I think of somebody working for 20 years for a defense firm in California, his wife working for 26 years as a checker in a supermarket so they could buy and sustain a home which, as we can see, they have kept in pristine condition, having a health problem--namely, a stroke by Mr. Simmons; it is difficult for him to get around, it is difficult for him to speak--costing them extra, using the home as a basis to try to refinance to take some money out of this house to pay for medical bills.  What is happening now? A bad actor got hold of them. They did not realize what they were getting into. He promised certain things which did not come through. And now this couple faces losing their home.  Fortunately, we were able to hook them up last week with a community pro bono law firm that will now represent them and deal with their mortgage company and try to see if they can recondition some of this loan back to what they were promised.  This is going on, and it is going on all over California. The areas I just pointed out, the 4 out of the 10 highest areas are not the most affluent places in my State. They are places where families just like the Simmons have heard the rhetoric: We can put you into the American dream; we can enable you to buy a home; and here, I, the mortgage broker am willing to sit down and make you all these commitments. Then they find out the commitments are ashes.  This has to stop. There is no place for the predator in this industry. I know Citibank told me they oppose the legislation. I say to Citibank: Are you proud of this? Is this the way you want to do business?  And I say to realtors who do not want these brokers to be licensed: Is that the way you want to do business? If it is, I am against what you want.  I hope this amendment is adopted. It has been talked about, it has been dealt with in general terms in a past bill that passed the House. The President's working group said we should consider it. We now have the chance to do it.  We face 2 million additional foreclosures, and we have to do something about predatory lenders and brokers, and this amendment is a beginning.  