R. 6331. This bill makes much needed changes to the Medicare program, and will pay doctors at a rate that will allow them to continue to participate in this vital program.  Medicare is a great success story, providing retirees with a health care safety net, but the formula that determines physicians' payment levels is seriously flawed. Unless Congress takes action immediately, doctors will receive a 10.6 percent cut in their reimbursements.  The consequences of such cuts would be dire. According to the California Medical Association, more than 60 percent of California physicians say they would be forced to either stop taking new Medicare patients or leave the Medicare program altogether if these reductions occur.  The same payment rate reductions will apply for health care provided to our servicemembers and their families who receive coverage through the TRICARE program. Over 870,000 Californians and at least 8.9 million Americans depend on TRICARE for their health care. We owe these families, who have sacrificed so much for our country, access to physicians and medical care when they need it.  I voted to consider and pass this bill, because we need to block these cuts and make improvements for beneficiaries.  However, much to my dismay, this bill contains a delay on a program to competitively bid for durable medical equipment. Can you believe it? A block on competitive bidding of commonly available medical goods.  Let me tell you what this means. Medicare began a competitive bidding program for durable medical equipment on July 1 in 10 metropolitan areas across the country--including the Riverside-San Bernardino area in my home State of California.  The program enabled medical supply companies to bid on 10 products, including wheelchairs, diabetic supplies, oxygen concentrators, walkers and hospital beds, in those 10 metropolitan areas. Companies that offered the best prices were awarded contracts to supply Medicare beneficiaries with medical equipment.  As a result, seniors on Medicare in these areas can expect to pay a lot less for some of their medical supplies.  In Riverside, CA, diabetic test strips, once $37 will now be $18, and portable oxygen, which cost Riverside Medicare patients $77 per month, can now be bought for $61.  The bid prices are an average of 26 percent lower than prices set by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid before the enactment of the competitive bidding program.  Because beneficiaries pay copayments equal to 20 percent of the cost of their healthcare and medical equipment, that savings is also felt by the elderly and disabled Americans who rely on Medicare.  Competitive bidding makes sense, because there is no good reason why Medicare or seniors should pay above-market prices for medical equipment--especially as other health care costs continue to skyrocket.  The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid discovered that it was paying $1,825 for a hospital bed that can be bought for $754 online. On the Internet, you can purchase a power wheelchair for $2,174--far less than the $4,023 Medicare pays out for the same product. z  Competitive bidding forces Medicare suppliers to compete for their customers--much like retailers do. It also helps to control costs while providing the elderly and the disabled with quality healthcare and medical supplies. Participating companies must be accredited, to ensure that Medicare beneficiaries receive high quality equipment and service.  Allowed to continue, the program is expected to save $125 million in its first year. Expanded nationwide, that number would grow to $1 billion in savings for taxpayers and Medicare beneficiaries.  But just as this pilot program gets off the ground--another 70 metropolitan areas are expected to be added in 2009--this bill endangers the program's future.  Losing bidders have complained that the selection process was flawed and have convinced some of my colleagues to support a delay of the program for another 18 months and start the selection process over.  The bill before us today would terminate the existing competitively-bid contracts and delay the program launch for a year and a half.  This should not be permitted to happen. Seniors and taxpayers deserve to pay fair prices for their medical equipment. Medicare beneficiaries in Riverside, in Cleveland, in Dallas, learned about this new program, selected new providers, and are already saving money. Stopping this new effort midstream will only lead to confusion.  We all agree that entitlement programs like Medicare need to be reformed, but if we can't change a small portion of this sprawling entitlement program, how will we ever succeed in making major reforms?  Competitive bidding is a smart way to ensure that Medicare pays reasonable rates for medical equipment at a time when medical costs are soaring. We should not ask taxpayers to fund someone else's cash cow.  While I will vote to consider and pass this bill today, I will continue to work to see that competitive bidding moves forward, and I urge my colleagues do the same. This is a matter of common sense.  