  It would appear that the Senate is poised to pass a measure that would end the debate over torture in our Nation. It would require the CIA to follow the Army Field Manual when it comes to interrogations of detainees, and it would create a uniform standard for interrogation across the Government. It would prohibit waterboarding and certain other coercive interrogation techniques. I deeply believe it will go a long way toward restoring our Nation's credibility.  I have spoken with experts on interrogation, numerous retired three and four star generals, and human rights leaders. From our discussions, I am absolutely convinced that we must have a uniform standard for interrogation of detainees across the Government. That is what putting the CIA under the Army Field Manual would do.  This debate is about values. We are a nation of values, and we believe in the rule of law. It is fair to say that America has been diminished around the world. Our standing is at an all-time low, not only among our allies but also our enemies. This comes from Abu Ghraib. It comes from Guantanamo. It comes from renditions, and it comes from black sites. It comes from waterboarding, a technique used during the Spanish Inquisition to get religious dissenters to publicly disavow their beliefs.  Let me give one example of why a clear, single standard for all detainee interrogation is needed.  Until a couple of weeks ago, the executive branch refused to admit that it had waterboarded anyone.  Then last week, at a public hearing, General Hayden stated that the CIA has waterboarded three detainees: Abu Zubaydah, Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed. General Hayden said this was done in the past and would not be used in the future.  In fact, General Hayden said that waterboarding itself was no longer necessary. These were two major revelations. The U.S. Government had, in fact, authorized waterboarding, and we weren't going to do it again.  The very next day, a White House spokesman, Tony Fratto, said the President could reauthorize the use of waterboarding at any time. At this point, we had returned to a state of confusion. The CIA was saying waterboarding was not authorized and not needed. The White House was saying waterboarding was still on the table.  That was not the end. The very next day, General Hayden testified in open session again, this time in front of the House Intelligence Committee. Here is what he said:       In my own view, the view of my lawyers and the Department      of Justice, it is not certain that that technique--  Meaning waterboarding--     would be considered lawful under current statute. . . .  So here you have a mix of views. Here you have unclear American policy.  The bill which we have before us today clears up that confusion, and it states once and for all what the U.S. Government would do; that there would be 19 specific approaches documented over many pages for each approach in this volume, and 8 specific techniques that are banned, one of which is waterboarding.  So we have the opportunity today to take a stand--to clear the air and to say that the U.S. Government follows uniform specific standards for interrogation of detainees as put forward by the Army Field Manual.  I would like to quote a statement the President of the United States--President Bush--made on June 22, 2004. Here is his quote:       We do not condone torture. I have never ordered torture. I      will never order torture. The values of this country are such      that torture is not a part of our soul and our being.  President Bush, if you stand by these words, you will sign this intelligence authorization bill.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  