 980, the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act.  With Senator Sessions, I introduced this bill to protect the safety of consumers who wish to fill legitimate prescriptions for controlled substances over the Internet, while holding accountable those who operate unregistered pharmacies.  Tonight, the Senate took the first important step in stemming the tide of online drug trafficking. Perhaps more importantly, the Senate took the first steps in ensuring that children and teens no longer overdose, or worse die, after purchasing controlled substances without a prescription from rogue Internet pharmacies.  I would like to clarify that the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act of 2008 regulates practices related to the delivery, distribution, or dispensing of a controlled substance by means of the Internet. The act does not address the delivery, distribution, or dispensing of any noncontrolled substance by the Internet or any other means.  This bill does not infringe upon the powers of the Department of Health and Human Services and its Secretary with respect to noncontrolled substances. Nor does it infringe upon the traditional power of the States to regulate the practices of medicine and pharmacy with respect to the prescription of non controlled substances. Delivery, distribution, or dispensing of noncontrolled substances, approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services or the regulatory bodies of the States, are not affected by the act.  This bill would do the following:  Bar the sale or distribution of all controlled substances over the Internet without a valid prescription; Require online pharmacies to display on their Web site a statement of compliance with U.S. law and DEA regulations--allowing consumers to know which pharmacies are safe and which are not; clarify that rogue pharmacies that sell drugs over the Internet will face the same penalties as people who illegally sell the same drugs on the street; increase the Federal penalties for illegally distributing controlled substances; create a new Federal cause of action that would allow a State attorney general to shut down a rogue Web site selling controlled substances.  This legislation is a critical first step in stemming the tide of online drug trafficking and prescription drug abuse.  In closing, I want to share the story of this bill's namesake, Ryan T. Haight. Ryan was an 18-year-old honor student from La Mesa, California, when he died in his home on February 12, 2001. His parents found a bottle of Vicodin in his room with a label from an out-of-State pharmacy.  It turns out that Ryan had been ordering addictive drugs online and paying with a debit card his parents gave him to buy baseball cards on eBay.  Without a physical exam or his parents' consent, Ryan had been obtaining controlled substances, some from an Internet site in Oklahoma. It only took a few months before Ryan's life was ended by an overdose on a cocktail of painkillers.  Ryan's story is just one of many. Rogue Internet pharmacies are making it increasingly easy for teens like Ryan to access deadly prescription drugs. This bill is the first step to stem that terrible tide. It creates sensible requirements for Internet pharmacy Web sites that will not impact access to convenient, oftentimes cost-saving drugs.  I thank my colleagues for rising up and passing this important bill.  