 President, I rise today to discuss a matter of critical importance to the security of our borders and our Nation.  It is estimated that at least 15 million people enter the United States through the visa waiver program each year. Thousands of these people overstay their authorized visit, and many just simply disappear into the shadows.  This country cannot afford to continue this trend. The Department of Homeland Security and its partners must have the tools they need to protect Americans by tracking the millions who enter our country, including some who may wish on us grievous harm and injury.  A biometric system is one of the best tools we have to protect us from the use of fraudulent and stolen passports and other international documents. We need to make sure people are who they claim to be.  Between January 2002 and June 2004, 28 foreign governments, including visa waiver countries, reported 56,943 stolen blank foreign passports to the State Department. And just this summer, a security van in London was hijacked, resulting in the loss of 3,000 blank British passports and visas that were destined for overseas embassies.  Clearly, DHS cannot continue to add new countries into the visa waiver program without properly mitigating the security risks.  That is why Congress passed a provision in the 9/11 Commission Recommendations Act just last year requiring the Department of Homeland Security to implement a biometric air exit system. This biometric system is required to be in place by June 30, 2009.  The intent of Congress was and remains clear: There must be in place a fully operational biometric air exit system, or else the Secretary of Homeland Security cannot admit new countries into the visa waiver program.  Therefore, if such a biometric system is not implemented by June 30, 2009, the Secretary's authority to admit new countries with visa refusal rates above 3 percent shall be suspended until a biometric exit system is fully operational.  This is critical to ensuring the ability to track the arrivals and departures of foreign nationals--not just through a paper trail, but through fingerprints, photographs, and other fraud-proof biometric identifiers.  The bill that we are considering today cuts off funding for the biometric air exit system until reports are received by Congress on pilot tests of the air exit solution.  We simply cannot afford to delay the execution of the biometric exit system. Congress should not be restricting DHS's ability to protect our borders and our people.  However, if the biometric system is delayed and the Department of Homeland Security is unable to meet the statutory deadline of June 30, 2009, the visa waiver program should not be expanded.  That is the intent of the authorizing language and that is what's best to protect the security of our Nation.  The biometric air exit system was mandated as a result of the horrific events of 9/11. We are a different country today and we must learn the lessons of September 11 and implement the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission. We cannot afford to go backwards as a country and Congress must do all that it can to protect our Nation and prevent another tragedy like 9/11.  