  This trafficking bill includes a provision I authored over 8 years ago--the Unaccompanied Alien Minor Act--to ensure that unaccompanied children receive humane and appropriate treatment while in the custody of the U.S. Government.  Today Congress took an important step to protecting unaccompanied alien children, the most vulnerable immigrants.  I believe we have a special obligation to ensure that these children are treated humanely and fairly. Unfortunately, without this legislation, there would be no procedure to make sure that happens.  Currently, when a child is apprehended by immigration authorities, that child usually knows nothing about U.S. courts or immigration policies and frequently does not speak English. As a result, many are sent to detention facilities--often with adults or hardened criminals with no idea that they might be eligible for foster care or immigration relief.  This bill is necessary because every year, more than 7,000 undocumented and unaccompanied children are apprehended in the United States or at our borders. This bill deals with how these thousands of children will be treated while awaiting a final decision on their immigration status in this country.  Today Congress took the first step to ensure that unaccompanied minors in temporary Federal custody are treated as children and not as criminals.  I first became involved in this issue when I saw the treatment of a 15-year-old Chinese girl, who fled persecution in her country and had spent 9 months in a juvenile jail. She came to her asylum hearing shackled and in prison clothing. As she told her story to an immigration judge, she could not wipe away her tears because her hands were chained to her waist.  This bill seeks to protect children like this girl, who have escaped traumatic situations such as armed conflict, sweatshop labor, human trafficking, forced prostitution, and other life-threatening circumstances.  These children have seen their family members threatened, tortured and even murdered. Many have been targets of attacks themselves.  Indeed, it is through their resilience and indomitable spirit that they have found themselves in our country. And they need our help.  Yet, our Nation's response over the several years has been unacceptable. According to a report issued by Amnesty International in June of 2004, unaccompanied children have too often languished in an unregulated immigration system.  According to Amnesty International, investigators identified situations where children were strip-searched or kept in solitary confinement. Others were victims of extreme brutality or refugees from war zones and rather than being placed in appropriate facilities, they were thrown in juvenile jails.  Most children reported that they had not received weekly visits from officials specializing in juvenile care.  In addition, 83 percent of these facilities reported that they routinely restrained the children with handcuffs or leg irons when they are transported.  One attorney told the story of a 7-year-old boy who had been forced to appear before a judge in handcuffs.  The majority of these children have been forced to struggle through an immigration system designed for adults.  Today, Congress will pass the Unaccompanied Alien Child Protection Act to remedy this by requiring that children who pose no danger to themselves or others be placed in the least restrictive setting possible; requiring the Office of Refugee Resettlement to do a suitability assessment before placing the child with any agency or person; and prohibiting placing children, who have committed no crimes, in a prison with hardened criminals.  This legislation also requires, whenever possible, family reunification or other appropriate placement in the best interest of the unaccompanied alien children. For example, the Office of Refugee Resettlement must do a home study before placing a child into a home or foster care.  The bill also provides for pro bono legal representation for unaccompanied alien children in their immigration matters, where possible, at no expense to the Government. And finally, the bill requires training for Department of Homeland Security personnel and others who come into contact with unaccompanied children.  I would also like to be clear about what this bill would not do.  This legislation does not expand the current immigration rights of any child. Instead, it presumes that children will be placed in removal proceedings--unless they qualify for immigration benefits under current law.  It does not remove the jurisdiction and responsibility for adjudicating immigration status from the Department of Homeland Security or the Executive Office for Immigration Review, where such jurisdiction and responsibilities currently reside.  It does not interfere with the custodial rights of a parent or guardian in situations where a parent or guardian seeks to establish custody.  Like the Trafficking bill, these provisions have received broad bipartisan support. Among the endorsers of this legislation are organizations representing mental health and child welfare professionals, as well as legal, human rights, immigration and religious organizations. It is a moderate, reasonable bill that by and large addresses issues of a child's care and custody, and not issues of substantive immigration relief.  I thank my House and Senate colleagues for passing this important bill. I also specifically thank Senators Biden, Brownback, Kennedy, and Leahy, as well as Representatives Berman, Lofgren, and Conyers for their hard work and leadership in securing the passage of this bill.  I urge the President to sign this important legislation.  