  Cosponsoring this resolution with me is Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon.  The measure is also cosponsored by Senator Joe Biden, the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senators Klobuchar, Brown, Cantwell, Dole, Obama, Snowe, Menendez, Voinovich, Schumer, Collins, Byrd, Murray, Durbin, Lieberman, Stabenow, Sanders, Reed, Clinton and Feingold.  The resolution also calls for dialogue between the leadership of China and His Holiness the Dalai Lama on meaningful religious and cultural autonomy for Tibet within China; the release of individuals who protested in a peaceful manner; a cessation of China's efforts to ``reeducate'' Tibetan Buddhist monks and nuns; China to open Tibet to international journalists, as it promised the international community it would do during the lead up to the Olympic games; and asks for a full accounting of the protests in Tibet which began in March.  Starting on March 10, Tibetan Monks and other Tibetans began protesting in Tibetan autonomous areas of Western China.  The protests, begun peacefully by monks who marched in their robes, were an expression of these religious people's desire to practice their religion freely and without government interference.  The protesters took this action at great personal risk. Many monks and marchers carried pictures of the Dalai Lama, the most revered figure in Tibetan Buddhism. Possession of such a picture is considered a crime in China.  Unfortunately and tragically, on March 14 protests in Lhasa, the capital of the Tibet Autonomous Region, turned violent. Long suppressed animosity boiled over. Innocent people were killed in the violence. Homes and businesses were burned in what appears to have been a riot.  Over the days and weeks that followed, the protests spread. Protests reportedly occurred in 42 separate Chinese counties. Most were peaceful, and in some case they were met with brute force by the Chinese police.  This resolution condemns the violence on both sides.  The Chinese government has now begun the punishment process.  Thousands of paramilitary police and possibly the People's Liberation Army are in Tibet rounding up protest participants.  International journalists and official representatives are still being kept out, making accurate information difficult to obtain.  But we know that dozens of people or more have died. And we know that more than 1,000 people have been incarcerated. We know that the monasteries have been surrounded by armed force.  On Monday I spoke about the underlying issues including a lack of religious freedom and economic opportunity that have caused Tibetans to take to the streets.  I also spoke about my long standing work to open the door between China and San Francisco and about my sincere friendship with China and its leaders.  Most importantly, I discussed my efforts since 1991 to establish dialogue between the Chinese Leadership and the Dalai Lama.  I read from letters that I carried from the Dalai Lama to the President of China in 1992, 1997, and 1998.  In those letters, the Dalai Lama expressed that he does not seek Independence as China's leaders assert.  In the Dalai Lama's 1998 letter, he wrote:       I would like to reiterate here that I am not seeking      independence for Tibet. My main concern is for the six      million Tibetan people . . . to be able to enjoy the      opportunity to fully preserve their civilisation and the      distinct Tibetan culture, religion, and language. I am      convinced that this could be achieved through genuine      autonomy or self-rule within the framework of the People's      Republic of China.  The Dalai Lama neither calls for independence nor supports the use of violence. He has encouraged the Tibetan people to use restraint both in Tibet and also in the cities, such as San Francisco, where the Olympic torch visits.  On Sunday, The Dalai Lama reiterated his call. In a message to the Tibetan people, he said:       I want to urge my fellow Tibetans who live in freedom      outside Tibet to be extra vigilant as they voice their      feelings on the developments in Tibet. We should not engage      in any action that could be even remotely interpreted as      violent. Even under the most provocative of situations we      must not allow our most precious and deeply held values to be      compromised. I firmly believe that we will achieve success      through our nonviolent path. We must be wise to understand      where the unprecedented affection and support for our cause      stems from.  I sincerely hope the people of San Francisco will heed the Dalai Lama's call.  I would like to commend the people of my city for holding a peaceful rally and candlelight vigil at San Francisco's United Nations Plaza.  And I call on the people of San Francisco that plan to take to the streets today to embrace the nonviolence advocated by the Dalai Lama.  As a friend of China and the Dalai Lama, I am saddened to see the situation in Tibet deteriorate to this point.  Violence cannot solve this matter.  The United States must use its influence to bring the Government of China and the people of Tibet together tobegin the process of reconciliation and dialogue.  To bring this issue to a settlement, the leaders must be involved.  It is in the interest of both the Chinese government and the Tibetan people for the leaders to sit down and negotiate how to bring about meaningful cultural and religious autonomy for the Tibetan people and faith.  For nearly three decades, I have worked to bring this about.  The events in Tibet over the past month have been tragic.  But they renew my commitment and belief.  China has an opportunity to negotiate with a moderate leader capable of quelling the anger within the new generation of Tibetans.  I hope that China's leaders will see this as an opportunity to open the long overdue dialogue with the Dalai Lama.  