 President, I rise to speak in support of amendment No. 4950, which I have offered to the Climate Security Act, S. 3036, along with Senators Snowe, Wyden, and Cantwell.  This amendment is intended to improve section 412, the market oversight and enforcement provisions. I helped author section 412 of the Climate Security Act with Senator Dodd and Senator Whitehouse, and I believe this amendment will improve the underlying provision by even more clearly prohibiting speculation, fraud, and false reporting by traders in carbon markets.  Specifically, this amendment would add a ``prohibitions'' subsection to section 412, to establish that it is illegal:       No. 1, to knowingly provide to the President, or his      designee, any false information relating to the price or      quantity of emission allowances sold, purchased, transferred,      banked, or borrowed by the individual or entity, with the      intent to fraudulently affect the data being compiled;       No. 2, to use in connection with the purchase or sale of an      emission allowance any manipulative or deceptive device or      contrivance--within the meaning of section 10(b) of the      Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j(b))--or;       No. 3, to otherwise cheat or defraud another market      participant.  Including these prohibitions, which were part of the Emission Allowance Market Transparency Act that I introduced with Senator Snowe, clearly establishes the legal framework under which market manipulation in these markets will be pursued. But unlike our legislation, the amendment does not instruct the Environmental Protection Agency to enforce these prohibitions. Instead, the amendment instructs the President to decide which agency must conduct enforcement within 270 days of enactment.  I believe this amendment is necessary because it will establish that the full legal history of the Securities Exchange Act's antimanipulation provision forms the foundation upon which the carbon market's principles-based regulation must stand. It gives guidance to future regulators on the intent and meaning of the core principle that ``the market shall be designed to prevent fraud and manipulation.'' And it adds teeth to that principle by making manipulation and fraud in this market a defined crime subject to severe penalty.  With this amendment, authority to prevent fraud and manipulation in carbon markets will mirror the authority over natural gas and electricity markets that Congress granted to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in 2005, as well as the authority over crude oil that Congress granted to the Federal Trade Commission in 2007. By mirroring proven market oversight mechanisms that protect market participants and consumers, this amendment allows us to slip already broken-in regulatory concepts onto a new market.  I believe this amendment will strongly discourage traders from seeking to manipulate the market. If we don't set up a framework for oversight, the greenhouse gas market could turn into a Wild West. 