  This amendment attempts to clarify the relationship between the greenhouse gas registry provisions in the Climate Security Act, and existing law requiring greenhouse gas reporting. The existing law is a provision that I included in the fiscal year 2008 omnibus appropriations legislation, Public Law 101-161.  The fiscal year 2008 omnibus appropriations legislation requires the Administrator of EPA to do the following:     publish a draft rule not later than 9 months after the date      of enactment of this act, September 26, 2008, and a final      rule not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of      this act, June 26, 2009, to require mandatory reporting of      greenhouse gas emissions above appropriate thresholds in all      sectors of the economy of the United States.Thus, under existing law, by June 2009, EPA must publish a final rule requiring mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions.  Sections 101 and 102 of the Climate Security Act build on these provisions in existing law. The Administrator of EPA must complete a new rulemaking within 2 years of enactment of the Climate Security Act.  As clarified in my amendment, this new rulemaking shall establish a Federal greenhouse gas registry that ``builds upon the regulations completed pursuant to [existing law].''  The new regulations will make ``changes necessary to achieve the purposes described in section 101,'' which includes the substantive requirements for the new registry set forth in section 102(c).  Finally, the new regulations will ``require emission reporting to begin no later than calendar year 2011.'' This final provision acknowledges that emission reporting will likely begin in 2010 under existing law, given that the Administrator must complete regulations by June 2009 requiring mandatory emission reporting. Emission reporting that is fully consistent with the provisions of the Climate Security Act will then begin no later than 2011.  I would like to thank Senators Klobuchar and Snowe for their dedicated leadership in support of the greenhouse gas registry provisions in this bill. It is a pleasure to work with them on this issue.  