 I am particulary pleased that the committee reported bill has included an additional $100 million for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration over that proposed by the House. As the chairman knows, NASA is an important part of the Huntsville-Madison County, AL, economy, and I am grateful for the chairman's willingness to add these extra funds for NASA's 1997 budget.  I would like to make the chairman aware of an important project in north Alabama. Since 1994, NASA, the University of Alabama in Huntsville and the Universities Space Research Association have jointly run a Global Hydrology and Climate Center [GHCC] in Huntsville.  Since its creation, the center has developed a unique expertise in studying the importance of the Earth's hydrologic cycle and its importance to climate change. The GHCC has created a state-of-the-art capability and understanding the importance of water vapor and its effect on greenhouse gases. In addition to this basic research, the center has developed important applications that demonstrate the links between better understanding of hydrology and more cost-effective use and regulation of natural resources in the southeastern United States.  The Global Hydrology and Climate Center is currently located in leased space whose cost is shared between NASA and UAH. However, the center now has an opportunity to relocate to permanent, dedicated space as part of an existing UAH-owned facility by permitting the buildout of 46,500 square feet for the center's exclusive use. Unfortunately, because of NASA's accounting rules, driven by GSA guidelines, NASA cannot pay for its share of the cost of this buildout since the facility in question is nonfederal space. However, with an appropriation of $2 million, which could cover only those costs of this relocation that are attributable to NASA's share of the total cost of the relocation project, NASA and UAH could proceed to continue the GHCC in this new and more cost-effective space.  The cost savings of such a relocation are significant as NASA can reduce the long-term costs of its support for the center. Some estimates suggest that NASA could save more than $500,000 per year in rental costs that they now pay for their share of the leased space.  I wonder if the chairman would consider identifying $2 million within NASA's science, aeronautics and technology account to pay for this relocation in the upcoming conference on the 1997 VA-HUD appropriations bill?  