 President, I rise in strong support of overriding President Clinton's veto of the Partial-birth Abortion Ban Act.  First, this legislation bans a gruesome, deadly procedure. When performing a partial-birth abortion, the abortionist first grabs the live baby's leg with forceps and pulls the baby's legs into the birth canal. He then delivers the baby's entire body, except for the head; jams scissors into the baby's skull and opens them to enlarge the hole.  Finally, the scissors are removed and a suction catheter is inserted to suck the baby's brains out. This causes the skull to collapse, at which point thedead baby is delivered and discarded. No one interested in the welfare of children could ever approve of such a heinous act. President Clinton has put politics above life by trying to keep this procedure legal.  Second, his veto is extreme because this procedure has questionable medical value. In fact, the American Medical Association's Council on Legislation--which unanimously supports banning this procedure--stated that a partial-birth abortion is ``not a recognized medical technique'' and concluded that the procedure is basically repulsive.  Third, even though this procedure is not used to save the life of the mother, there is an explicit provision in the bill to protect any physician who feels that this procedure is necessary to save the life of the mother. Despite this safeguard, President Clinton continues to raise false arguments in bowing to the liberal wing of his party.  Mr. President, the President's own wife has written a book about the value of children, entitled ``It Takes a Village.'' I don't know what type of village the Clinton's believe children should be raised in, but it should not be a village where it is a crime to disturb the habitat of a kangaroo rat but it is perfectly acceptable to suck out the brains of a baby. That is barbaric. It should no longer be tolerated in our society, and I urge my colleagues to join me in standing up for helpless children by overriding the President's blatantly political veto.  