 President, this was a question that this Senator asked Mr. Heymann when he was before the committee.       Senator Shelby. Was it your understanding by the end of the      21st that an agreement or understanding had been reached      between the Department of Justice, the Park Police and the      White House over how the search would be conducted, the      search of the deputy counsel's office?       Mr. Heymann. Yes, Senator Shelby, in the sense that we all      had agreed on how it would be done. And in what I still think      was a very sensible way----       Senator Shelby. Would you relate what you recall of how      the--what you agreed to or thought you had agreed to?       Mr. Heymann. I'd be happy to. I just wanted to make clear,      Senator Shelby, I didn't feel that I had a binding commitment      by Mr. Nussbaum or anyone else. We simply all had talked      about it by then and we all were on the same track, we all      were on the same page, we all thought it would be done in the      way I'm about to describe.       Senator Shelby. Did you think when you sent Mr. Adams and      Mr. Margolis over there that it would turn into an      adversarial relationship or something close to that?       Mr. Heymann. No, I did not.       Senator Shelby. You did not.       Mr. Heymann. You'd asked me to describe what the      understanding was, Senator Shelby.       Senator Shelby. Yes, sir, that's right. You go ahead.       Mr. Heymann. The understanding was that they would see,      these two senior prosecutors, not the investigators, but the      prosecutors would see enough of every document to be able to      determine whether it was relevant to the investigation or      not. Now, I've been handed some pages from my transcript, but      let's assume this is a document, it's about 30 pages long.      They would look at this and it says ``deposition of Philip      Heymann, re: Whitewater,'' and they would know that that      didn't seem to have anything, any likely bearing on the cause      of Vince Foster's death. if need be, they might have to look      a page or two into it. But the object was to maintain the      confidentiality of White House papers to the largest extent      possible with satisfying ourselves that we were learning of      every potentially relevant document.       If there was a relevant document, it would be set aside in      a separate pile. If the White House counsel's office believed      that it was entitled to executive privilege, and therefore      should not be turned over to us, we would then have to      resolve that? There would be a separate pile of documents;      some relevant and would go directly to the investigators some      relevant but executive privilege     claims, in which case we would have to resolve it perhaps      with the assistants of the legal counsel's office of the      Justice Department.       Senator Shelby. Mr. Heymann, did you contemplate that this      would be done jointly or just done by the White House      counsel?       Mr. Heymann. I thought it was essential, Senator Shelby,      that it be done jointly with these two prosecutors being able      to satisfy themselves, and through them satisfy the      investigative agencies that whatever might be relevant was      being made available to us.       Senator Shelby. That it would be a bona fide investigation      and not a sham; it that right?       Mr. Heymann. Well, I don't----       Senator Shelby. Or be a bona fide investigation.       Mr. Heymann. That it would be a entirely--it would be      review of documents that would be entirely credible to us, to      the investigators and to the American public.       Senator Shelby. OK. Your notes mention, I believe, Mr.      Heymann, that Steve Neuwirth objected to this agreement, but      that Mr. Nussbaum agreed with Margolis that it was a done      deal; is that correct? You want to refer----       Mr. Heymann. That is what they reported to me when Mr.      Margolis and Mr. Adams returned that evening, the evening of      Wednesday the 21st, to the Justice Department.       Senator Shelby. What do your notes reflect, I was      paraphrasing them?       Mr. Heymann. It said they discussed the system that had      been agreed upon, I just described it to you. BN that stands      for Mr. Nussbaum, agreed. SN, that stands for Steve Neuwirth,      said no. We shouldn't do it that way. The Justice Department      attorneys shouldn't have direct access to the files. David      Margolis, the Justice Department attorney, said it's a      done deal and Mr. Nussbaum at that point said yes, we've      agreed to that.       Senator Shelby. Was it important to you and to the      Department of Justice that you represented that the documents      be reviewed independently, is that why it was important that      the Department of Justice look for relevance and privilege      jointly in this undertaking?       Mr. Heymann. Yes, Senator Shelby. Again, I did not think it      was necessary and do not think it was necessary to review      documents which we could quickly determine had no relevance      to Vince Foster's death. So our attorneys would not have      looked at those, that was a clear part of the understanding.      Or pages, yeah.       Senator Shelby. I didn't say. I understand that you      received a call from David Margolis the next morning from the      White House about the search; is that correct? You want to      refer to your notes?       Mr. Heymann. That's correct, Senator Shelby.       Senator Shelby. What was this call about?       Mr. Heymann. He and Roger Adams had gone over with the Park      Police and the FBI to do the review we planned.       Senator Shelby. This was pursuant to the understanding you      had with Mr. Nussbaum?       Mr. Heymann. Pursuant to the understanding of the 21st.       Senator Shelby. Okay.       Mr. Heymann. Mr. Margolis told me that Mr. Nussbaum had      said to me that they had changed the plan, that only the      White House counsel's office would see the actual documents.      Mr. Margolis had asked Mr. Nussbaum whether that had been      discussed with me and Mr. Nussbaum had said no. I told Mr.      Margolis at that point to put Mr. Nussbaum on the phone, and      I was----       Senator Shelby. Did he get on the phone?       Mr. Heymann. He got on the phone.       Senator Shelby. What did you say to him?       Mr. Heymann. I told him that this was a terrible mistake.       Senator Shelby. Terrible mistake. Go ahead.       Mr. Heymann. Well, please don't----       Senator Shelby. That was your words; is that right?       Mr. Heymann. Yeah--no, no, please don't assume that what I      now paraphrase would be the words I actually used. This is      740 days ago and it would be quite unreliable to think      they're the exact words. I remember very clearly sitting in      the Deputy Attorney General's conference room picking up the      phone in that very big room. I remember being very angry and      very adamant and saying this is a bad--this is a bad mistake,      this is not the right way to do it, and I don't think I'm      going to let Margolis and Adams stay there if you are going      to do it what way because they would have no useful function.      It would simply look like they were performing a useful      function, and I don't want that to happen.       The Chairman. You told this to the counsel?       Senator Shelby. You told this to Nussbaum; is that correct?       Mr. Heymann. I told this to Mr. Nussbaum.       The Chairman. But you volunteered this? In other words, it      did not come from Mr. Margolis or Mr. Adams? This was your      saying I'm not going to keep them here if this----       Mr. Heymann. I suspect, Senator D'Amato, that when I talked      to Mr. Margolis in the same phone conversation shortly before      I asked him to put Mr. Nussbaum on the phone he would have      said to me something like we have no useful role here, and it      would--I would have picked it up from that, and I would have      said I don't think I'm going to keep them there. Mr. Nussbaum      was, as always, entirely polite and he said--he was taken      back by my anger and by the idea that I might pull out the      Justice Department attorneys and he said I'll have to talk to      somebody else about this or other people about this, and I'll      get back to you, Phil [meaning Phil Heymann].       Senator Shelby. Did he tell you who he was going to talk      to?       Mr. Heymann. He did not tell me who he was going to talk      to.       Senator Shelby. He didn't tell you or indicate it was the      President of the United States or the First Lady?       Mr. Heymann. He never indicated in any way who he was going      to discuss this with, nor has he ever.       Senator Shelby. Just the phrase I'm going to talk to      somebody?       Mr. Heymann. I'm--just the notion was I have to talk to      other people about this. I had obviously shaken him enough      that he wanted to consider whether he should come back to      what we had agreed to the day before on the 21st, but there      were other people involved that he had to talk to about that.       Senator Shelby. Was it your impression, Mr. Heymann, then      that Mr. Nussbaum would get back to you before any review of      the documents in the White House was conducted?       Mr. Heymann. He said to me specifically don't call Adams      and Margolis back to the Justice Department. I'll get back to      you.       Senator Shelby. Did he ever call you back?       Mr. Heymann. He never called me back.       Senator Shelby. Did you ever consent to the change in the      plan in how the search would be conducted, Mr. Heymann?       Mr. Heymann. I did not.  Just think about it a minute. This is the beginning of it shown in this transcript that has been made a part of the Record here.  Why should we extend the Whitewater Committee? Let us look at some other things. The Senator from Alaska talked about some editorials from some of the leading newspapers in the country and I want to expand on them a little bit.  For example, the Washington Post editorial that I have here by my pointer, it says, on February 25, ``Extend the Whitewater Committee.''       For an administration that professes to want a quick end to      the Senate Whitewater hearings before the election year gets      into full swing, the Clinton White House seems to be doing      everything in its power to keep the probe alive.  Think about it, this is the Washington Post, not a Republican newspaper by any means.  Another editorial that I want to refer to here from the New York Times entitled ``The Whitewater Paper Chase''; February 17, 1996.       The excitement of Iowa and New Hampshire has diverted      attention from the Senate Whitewater committee and its      investigation into the Rose Law Firm's migrating files.      Naturally this pleases the White House and its allies, who      hope to use [this time] . . . to let their ``so what''      arguments take root.  This is the New York Times saying we should extend the investigation of Whitewater.  Another editorial, January 25, 1996, in the New York Times. Headline in the editorial section, ``Extend the Whitewater Committee.'' Why? Because the public has a right to know. It says:       The committee and its chairman need to be mindful of the      appearance of political maneuvering, but recent events argue      strongly against too arbitrary or too early a deadline.  That is what we are talking about here.  Subpoenas were ignored. Perhaps the files will also show that there was no coverup associated with moving and storing these files. But inanimate objects, as I said earlier, do not move themselves. So it is pointless to ask Senators and the independent prosecutors to fold their inquiry on the basis of the facts that have emerged so far. To do so would be a dereliction of our duties.  Mr. President, I have additional editorials that have run throughout this country.  USA Today, January 10, 1996, ``Clintons owe answers about First Lady's role. Newly released documents reveal troubling inconsistencies. The public deserves the whole story.'' That is what this is all about.  Additionally, ``The Whitewater Committee,'' the Washington Times editorial, February 27.       There are plenty of documents the White House still has not      released; and there are plenty of witnesses still to be      questioned; there are also many witnesses whose testimony was      so misleading or incomplete that they need to be re-     questioned.  Attempts by the administration to frustrate the work of the committee, Ithink, are not going to work. We need to extend the Whitewater inquiry, politics notwithstanding. We need to move to the next step.  Mr. President, you cannot always agree with some of these papers. I do not always agree with the New York Times, the Washington Post, and others. But the New York Times and the Washington Post for a lot of people, rightly or wrongly, are conventionally viewed as vanguards of good government, and I would venture to say can hardly be characterized as supporters of Republican partisanship.  After reviewing everything that has gone on in the Whitewater committee, the mysterious disappearance of files, the finding of files in a mysterious way, Mr. President, I ask that my colleagues join me in supporting the continued funding of the committee to continue our investigation.  