 President, today the Senate is considering ratification of the International Natural Rubber Agreement. This agreement will impact large sectors of our economy, primarily those for which natural rubber is a vital interest.  The first International Natural Rubber Agreement was ratified in 1979 by all major rubber producing and consuming countries. The second agreement was ratified in 1988 and expired in December 1995. The purpose of renewing this agreement is to stabilize the price of natural rubber and to guarantee adequate supplies. The agreement accomplishes this through the International Natural Rubber Organization which maintains a natural rubber buffer stock from which the organization may purchase or sell natural rubber to help control the volatile price.  Agricultural growth for natural rubber is limited to a small area around the equator, and it takes 5 to 7 years to cultivate this product. Seventy-five percent of the world's natural rubber is grown in just three countries--Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia. I generally do not favor Government intervention in the marketplace to stabilize prices, but failure to ratify this agreement could lead to a few small countries colluding to fix natural rubber prices. Even small fluctuations in the price of natural rubber have a significant impact on American industry; a one-cent increase in the natural rubber price costs industry $22 million. Sharp fluctuations in the natural rubber price will, in turn, impact American consumers heavily.  Moreover, this program is not draining the taxpayers' money; the original U.S. contribution was $53 million and our share of the organization has grown to $78 million. When the INRA terminates, these funds will be returned to the Treasury.  The Government should play a minimal role in regulating or controlling the price of any commodity. There are rare circumstances where, for the sake of American consumers, it is permissible for the Government to ensure the stability of certain commodity prices, and this is one of those circumstances. I urge my colleagues to support this agreement.  