 President, today has been a very interesting day for our former leader, Bob Dole. While the U.S. Senate suffers what I believe is a tremendous loss today with the departure of the majority leader, Senator Robert Dole, I can tell you it is a great day for America. I believe that. For, while Senator Dole leaves behind a legacy of extraordinary leadership and commitment to this institution, his departure promises the American people a much more important commitment to this country. But, perhaps more important, his departure gives the American people a better opportunity to learn more about a man that I and many of my colleagues greatly admire and have come to know. So I would like to spend just a few minutes to describe the man that I have come to know, with whom I have worked, and I hope the American people will come to know over the next few months.  Bob Dole, Senator Dole, is a man of his word. You can trust him. He is a plain speaker and not one for flowery oratory. He believes in what he says. He means what he says. He does not try to be everything to everybody. He stands for a few important principles--not everything.  Senator Dole is honest and he is very straightforward. He is loyal. He is a doer and he is not a talker. His values are constant; they do not change from day to day. He knows who he is, where he comes from, where he wants to go, and his word is his honor. He is a man who chose sacrifice over self, finding strength at an age when others sought the leisure of self-expression.  Briefly, Bob Dole is a man of courage, a man of character, a man of integrity. These measures of the man are what sets Bob Dole apart and what has led his colleagues in the Senate to entrust him with leadership time after time.  It will be these same characteristics that will distinguish for the American people who they should trust to lead them in the years ahead. While it may be easy for others to constantly change what they stand for in order to distinguish themselves on the issues, character, courage, and integrity are not mantles of convenience. They cannot be adopted at will, converted by choice, or otherwise assumed. They are bedrock principles.  They are like a fingerprint, intractably a part of you, easy to trace and difficult to fake.  Over the next few months it will be for the American people to ask the same question that the Senate has, who do they trust to lead this Nation? I believe the answer will be the same ultimately. It will be Senator Dole.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  