 President, I rise today to oppose the amendment offered by Senator Bumpers to terminate the international space station. The distinguished Senator from Arkansas again tells us that America should abandon its commitment as the leader of this historic endeavor. Supporters of this amendment have many reasons why we should desert our international partners just when we are about to launch the first sections of this incredible project into orbit. Mr. President, I reject these arguments for a number of reasons.  First, Mr. President, the opposition talks of cost overruns, and yet, despitethe complexity of this task and the various challenges that will be encountered as the station moves from the drawing board to reality, NASA is committed to remaining within the $17.4 billion projected cost for the redesigned space station. Frankly, Mr. President, we have cut and trimmed the resources available for the space station to the point where NASA has little, if any, flexibility in dealing with the inevitable challenges it will face. Today we debate the very existence of the space station when we should be talking about maximizing NASA's flexibility within the limits that we have already placed upon them.  Second, the opposition tells us that NASA may divert science funds to construction accounts, thereby leaving the station with no scientific capability at all. While NASA may rephase funds intended for developing scientific experiments, this management initiative in no way reflects a reduction in NASA's commitment to research on the space station. Some payload facilities are developing ahead of schedule, and NASA is wisely coordinating these elements to be complete when the station is ready to accept them. This rephasing of funds will allow NASA to augment its program reserve accounts to place them at acceptable levels. This is the type of planning and initiative that we should support, not attack.  Third, we are told that the contractors involved in the station's construction are encountering significant problems with the first two nodes. Mr. President, if all great research and development projects were terminated because they encountered significant problems, we would be without many, if not all, of the greatest discoveries in human history. Yes, the space station is a great challenge, but, the men and women working on the station have yet to encounter an obstacle that they cannot surmount. In fact, node 1 has recently completed a successful pressure test and will now undergo a post-test inspection and final preparation for launch. This is an exciting time for the space station and we should be focusing our attention on its permanent successes and not its temporary set-backs.  Fourth, termination of the international space station will undermine the credibility of the United States with its international partners who have already invested more than one-half of their planned $10 billion contribution. We have taken the lead on this project and given our word that we will see it through. Leadership requires resolve and character. It is not in the American character to break our promises and abandon our friends and partners, especially when the prize we all seek is within our grasp.  Finally, Mr. President, termination of the space station will end any promise of meaningful space-based long-duration research in cell and developmental biology, human physiology, biotechnology, fluid physics, combustion science, materials science, low-temperature physics and the large-scale commercial development of space.  For decades, the space program has driven science and technology development, motivated our children, and inspired a nation and the world. Mr. President, we stand at the threshold of a new millennium. Let it not be said that we squandered one of our first opportunities for greatness in the 21st century.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  