 President, I want to express my support for provisions in the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, that will help make higher education a reality for thousands of young people in America.  It is no secret that many families in our Nation are struggling to finance their childrens' education. College tuition costs have skyrocketed in the past decade increasing 95 percent at private institutions and 82 percent at public institutions. Some families will spend more than $100,000 just to send one child to college.  Mr. President, the financial burdens facing parents with college-age children is overwhelming. The tendency of some in this Chamber would be to create a new Federal program to try to deal with this issue. Yet, many States, including Alabama, have shown that is not necessary by developing their own prepaid tuition funds. These funds allow parents to make a tax-free investment, years in advance of their child's enrollment in college, with the guarantee that the child's full tuition will be paid for by the State when he or she enrolls in college. These tuition plans provide parents some help in dealing with the exorbitant inflation in tuition costs.  The Clinton administration, until very recently, was planning on taxing these State funds and the parents who invest in these plans. After months of encouragement, we have been successful in getting the administration to temporarily back off from taxing these funds and the working class families who invest in them. At the same time the President was cheering the benefits of lowering the cost of education through his new education tax credit, his administration was preparing to slap a new tax on families.  Mr. President, this bill ensures that these funds will not be taxed, and it provides that parents will not have to pay taxes on the money they invest in these funds. These are two very positive steps, but I believe we should go further. Congress should ensure that students are not forced to pay taxes on their education when they enroll in college. Currently, the student is taxed on the difference between the value of the education services they receive from the State and the amount his or her parent paid for the prepaid tuition contract.  Mr. President, the correct way to view these prepaid tuition arrangements should be as a prepayment of services, not an investment scheme to make money. When parents enter into these contracts with the States, they are trying to buy their child's future education at an affordable price. Neither they nor their children are trying to get rich. Therefore, I don't believe the Federal Government should saddle students with taxes on their college expenses. Students today are already facing a lifetime of enormous taxes to pay off the debts of previous generations. Now, the IRS would have these same people pay taxes on a service their parents purchased for them long before they enrolled in college.  Unfortunately, because of the minimum wage issue, we were unable to offer amendments to this legislation. Had we been permitted, I would have offered an amendment to ensure that students would not be taxed on their college expenses. I am a cosponsor of Senator McConnell's bill which would accomplish that, and I applaud him for his efforts in this area. I will continue to do everything I possibly can to find ways to make education in America more affordable. The bill before us today is a significant step in that direction, and I look forward to working with Chairman Roth and others in the future to provide even more favorable tax treatment for families.  