 [From the practice of dragging a red herring across a trail to confuse hunting dogs].''  The reason I share this definition with you tonight is because most of the arguments we have heard in objection to the balanced budget amendment amount to little more than red herrings. The objections, I believe, are simply distractions from the real issue before us.  The real issue before us is that Federal spending is out of control, make no mistake about it, and unless we pass a constitutional amendment to control spending, our children and grandchildren will never know the America we take for granted.  The United States has a current national debt of more than $5 trillion, and based on projections under President Clinton's latest budget it will be more than $6.7 trillion by the year 2000. I have said it before and I believe I will say it again tonight, Madam President: Debtors are never free; they are only subject to the dominion of their creditors. That is the real issue here.  Throughout the debate on this issue, we have heard no less than five red herrings repeated time and again. I ask you to listen carefully as I go through them one by one and explain why they are just distractions from the real issue.  Red herring No. 1 I will share with you. Red herring No. 1: ``The balanced budget amendment would raid Social Security and put the burden of balancing the budget on the elderly.''  Nothing could be further from the truth. The fact is that there is no Social Security trust fund--no Social Security trust fund. The surplus of which many speak is actually a form of IOU. The purpose of the balanced budget amendment is to ensure the solvency of the United States so we can protect the living standards of Americans and pay our creditors. I believe if you truly care about the elderly and clearly understand the issue at hand, I see no other option than to support the balanced budget amendment.  Proponents of a balanced budget amendment know that protecting our Nation's economic solvency will do far more to protect the standard of living of every American than to rely on blatant political halfhearted remedies that, in the end, do more harm than good.  Red herring No. 2 I will share with you. Red herring No. 2 is that ``the balanced budget amendment is not enforceable. The amendment would curtail the authority of and respect for the U.S. Constitution.''  Again, there is no truth in that. The amendment speaks for itself. Section 2 of the amendment requires a three-fifths vote to increase the debt ceiling. If you consider that insignificant, I ask you, why do we vote every year to increase the debt limit? Why does the President submit his budget by the first Monday in February every year? Neither of these procedures are identified in our Constitution. Indeed, these budget procedures are based on statute.  As U.S. Senators, we are obligated to abide by the law. To suggest that Members will arbitrarily disregard the Constitution at best undermines the role Congress plays in our participatory democracy.  Red herring No. 3 I will share with you. What is it? They say, ``The balanced budget amendment will have dire consequences on the elderly and the children.'' Nothing could be farther from the truth. Again, on the one hand,the opponents of the constitutional amendment to balance the budget will say that the balanced budget amendment will lead to draconian cuts in very critical programs. According to them, every old person, young person, and poor person will be hurt by balancing the Federal budget. But, red herring No. 2 claims that the balanced budget amendment is not enforceable. No amendment will be able to force the President and Congress to balance the budget. Who is going to sue them, they ask?  Which is it? Are we going to experience draconian cuts or are we not? The arguments against the balanced budget amendment contradict each other, they say. Since the logic is inconsistent, opponents will try to paint a dreadful picture to the American people, hoping this will elevate opposition to the balanced budget amendment.  I have a frightening picture I would like to share with the American people. Imagine a day 30 years in the future as your children are planning to retire. They have worked all their lives, spent frugally, and saved religiously. Yet the Federal Government has continued to run massive budget deficits, piling up an unconscionable amount of debt. One day your children wake up and find that the rest of the world no longer believes that the United States is able to meet its financial obligation. Thus, the value of the dollar crashes in financial markets. The Federal Reserve cannot stop the falling dollar. And, in response, the Treasury prints money. Suddenly--yes, suddenly--your children's assets are worth half of what they were a day before. Inflation is rampant and we are reduced to a Third World country. Everything your children have worked for has been taken from them because some Members of this body did not think that addressing the debt was important.  We know it is important. In order to pass the America we know on to our children, we must restrain ourselves from passing our bills on to our children and to our grandchildren.  Red herring No. 4. You have heard this. The opponents say, ``The balanced budget amendment is just some popular idea we are voting for, brought about by the Contract With America. We need time to think about a balanced budget amendment.''  Do we? The fact of the matter is that the balanced budget amendment is not a new idea at all. It has been debated right here in the U.S. Senate. One of Thomas Jefferson's well known sayings is, ``If I could add one amendment to the Constitution, it would be to prohibit the Federal Government from borrowing funds * * * We should consider ourselves unauthorized to saddle posterity with our debts and morally bound to pay them ourselves.''  In 1936, Congressman Harold Knutson of Minnesota proposed the first constitutional amendment to balance the budget. Since then, a number of balanced budget amendments have been proposed. We have held hearings as far back as 1979, and even voted on the amendment. Indeed, the issue has come up several times since then. Several of the Senators opposing the balanced budget amendment today have been around for many of those debates. The balanced budget amendment is not a new idea. We know the issue all too well. We are not rushing to judgment.  Red herring No. 5, that I will share with you. The opponents say--we do not believe it, but they say: ``Federal accounting does not allow for capital budgeting. Federal accounting would throw chills down the spine of any business executive.''  Trying to confront the arguments against the balanced budget amendment is like following a bouncing ball. When they are defending Social Security, the books are fine, they are in surplus. However, when we discuss the tremendous deficits and debt of the United States, the Federal accounting is somehow inept. Once again, there is an inconsistency in the opponents' reasoning. If you maintain the argument that Federal accounting is flawed, then one must take another look at the books of the Social Security trust fund. The bottom line is there is no fund, there is no surplus. According to accounting rules used by business executives, liability exceeds assets. By definition, that is not a surplus.  In addition, I hear analogies being made between the Federal budget and the homeowners who enter into substantial debt when they purchase a house. The difference is that homeowners do not buy a house this year, next year, and the year after that. A homeowner pays down the principal each month, each year. The Federal Government, on the other hand, never gets to this point because it has to borrow just to pay the interest. It is a perpetual problem that all of us are familiar with, that feeds itself.  The balanced budget amendment opponents have used every red herring imaginable, hoping just one of them will distract for a moment the American people from the issue at hand. But the fact is, Madam President, the trail of debt now tops $5 trillion, as I said earlier. The red herrings of a balanced budget amendment will not convince anyone on Wall Street or Main Street. The hunting dogs were not confused. The time has come for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America if we are going to save anything for our children and our grandchildren.  I yield the floor.  