 President, I rise today to offer an amendment on behalf of myself, Senators Craig, Grams, Coats, and Helms. The amendment will help provide, Mr. President, homes for thousands of children who are waiting to be adopted in this country. This amendment is the same amendment which was agreed to by a vote of 93 to 5 right here in the Senate during its consideration of welfare reform this past fall.  Mr. President, this strong bipartisan vote shows that the Senate is committed--committed--to making adoption more affordable for working families in America.  Mr. President, regardless of what kind of welfare reform we pass in this Chamber, the grim reality is that the out-of-wedlock birthrate in this country is projected to reach 50 percent very soon after the turn of the century, which is only a few years away.  Mr. President, we are not far from having one out of every two children born in this country born into a home where there is no father. That is a profound change in our culture which will have enormous consequences for American society as we have known it. One of these consequences, no doubt, will be an increase in the number of children neglected and, yes, abandoned. It is therefore more important than ever--more important than ever--for us to help find ways to provide for these children.  Mr. President, study after study shows and common sense tells us that a child is much better off being adopted by a stable, two-parent family than being shipped around from foster homes to State agencies, and back again. There are currently hundreds of thousands of children in America waiting to be adopted. But the current financial burden prevents many parents from doing so.  Many people do not realize how expensive it is to adopt a child. There are many fees and costs involved with adopting a child, including maternity home care, normal prenatal and hospital care for the mother and the child, preadoption foster care for an infant, ``home study'' fees and, yes, legal fees. These costs range anywhere from about $13,000 to $36,000 according to the National Council for Adoption.  Mr. President, I know of many families in my State, and perhaps your State, that would love to adopt a child into their family but simply do not have $13,000, much less $36,000 to do so. As a result of this enormous cost, children are denied homes, and parents are denied children.  Mr. President, the amendment I am offering today will help make adoption financially possible for many children and families. It provides a $5,000 fullyrefundable tax credit for adoption expenses. It also provides that when an employer pays for adoption expenses incurred by an employee, the employee does not have to count that assistance as income for taxable purposes.  Finally, Mr. President, this amendment provides that withdrawals from an IRA can be made penalty free and excluded from income if used for qualified adoption expenses. These measures are a first step in tearing down the massive financial barriers to adoption in this country.  Mr. President, I believe the question before us today is not if the number of abandoned children is going to increase over the next few years; no one disputes that. We know the answer to that. The real question for us to answer is, what are we going to do about it? This amendment would be a big first start in America. I yield the floor.  