 President, the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee is opposed to the amendment of the Senator from North Dakota. In his statement, he raises several important points that I want to share with you right now. The most important is that this amendment, the Dorgan amendment, if accepted, would potentially subject the entire bill, including funding for drug enforcement, law enforcement, to a blue slip. This would effectively kill the entire bill and, with it, funding for critical priorities such as the drug czar, drug enforcement, Customs, border guards, ATF, Secret Service, White House, IRS, civil service pensions, and so forth.  The Senator from North Dakota raises an important issue, and it ought to be debated and considered by the appropriate committee at the appropriate time. I don't believe this is the right time. It is misplaced here and it threatens to jeopardize our entire bill today. I note that the House, for the record, has blue-slipped less blatant attempts to raise revenues and change tax policy. Some of you will recall that 2 years ago the Senate adopted an amendment with regard to taxes on diesel fuel. It passed overwhelmingly here in this body, and it had strong support in the House at that time, including from the then-chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Yet, because of the constitutional issue, he chose to utilize the blue-slip procedure over there and the Treasury bill was sent back to the Senate. In effect, had the Senate not adopted separate legislation striking that provision, the House would have had to begin the process of drafting and moving the necessary appropriations bill all over again.  I don't believe that is what we want to happen here. I don't believe we can afford such a procedure. Our Nation's law enforcement people, Mr. President, cannot afford such a procedure. Our Nation's drug policy and funding for that policy cannot afford such a procedure. This country's civil servants, who rely on this bill every year to fund their pensions and disabilities, cannot afford such a procedure here. I cannot stress enough this afternoon the important funding in this bill --and most of you are aware of this--which this amendment would jeopardize.  