 President, it should be noted that the report accompanying the Treasury appropriations bill contains language directing the release of the solicitation for the Post-FTS2000 Program by the Government no earlier than May of 1997. I want to make clear that we do not seek to delay the transition to the Post-FTS2000 Program in delaying the release of the solicitation.  As many of us know, the Telecommunications Act of 1996 was designed to open the entire telecommunications industry to competitive market forces. This landmark legislation will put local exchange carriers, cable companies and utilities in fierce competition in their respective markets. With proper implementation by the Federal Communications Commission [FCC] and State public service commission, the long-term impact of telecommunications reform undoubtedly will be new technology, better services, and new market entrants available to our citizens.  By calling for a release date for the Post-FTS2000 solicitation in the Spring of 1997, we are manifesting our view that the Federal Government customers and American taxpayers will be best served if the Post-FTS2000 Program were designed to take advantage of the benefits of increased competition which is intended to result from the 1996 Telecommunications Act and which we believe most certainly will take place. Currently, the FCC and State public service commissions are in the process of implementing the act's provisions, and thus, it seems wasteful and premature for the Government to initiate the Post-FTS2000 enterprise sooner than next May.  We owe it to our constituents to ensure the GSA pursues a Post-FTS2000 strategy that can guarantee the best quality service at a price that makes sense. However, as chairman of the subcommittee responsible for funding the GSA's activities, I have asked GSA a series of detailed questions that are intended to ensure that the Post-FTS2000 Program is the best possible strategy for meeting the Government's communications needs well into the next millennium. However, the GSA cannot address the issues I raised, and I do not believe GSA can begin its solutions with the original schedule of October, 1996.  For instance, I envision some of the largest savings in the Post-FTS2000 contract from integrating local services acquisition as that market facescompetition. Yet, the current reported scope of the Post-FTS2000 contract does not provide for local services competition, or a comparison of end-to-end service cost versus a piecemeal acquisition of telecommunication services. Instead, GSA seeks competition in only a few cities under a separate acquisition. This strategy fails to address the disparity between urban and rural government locations with respect to end-to-end communications and fails to bring the benefit of competition for all telecommunications services to the Federal Government. We also want to see a business plan and requirements that reflect the Telecommunications Act, as well as the Government's plan for addressing security and interoperability.  I also point out, Mr. President, that I have consulted with my friend and colleague, Senator Stevens, the chairman of the Governmental Affairs Committee, which has oversight jurisdiction over this program, and he agrees with our approach. In addition, my friend and colleague, the ranking minority member, Senator Kerrey, is intimately aware and knowledgeable in this matter and also endorses the direction set forth today.  