 President, I rise in support of the bill before the Senate this afternoon.  Mr. President, the United States of America is the undisputed leader in space technology development and space exploration. We can thank the American people for this.  It is they who had the foresight to commit to space exploration and to demand that we reach beyond what is already within our grasp.  Mr. President, the bill before us today continues that fine tradition and will help the United States maintain its leading role in space.  It fulfills our commitment to space exploration in a number of ways, but primarily by funding the international space station.  We have heard on this floor countless times and we will continue to hear that we cannot afford such an investment in our future.  I cannot explain why someone would choose not to complete this noble journey. I can explain, however, why Americans throughout this Nation insist that we must. It is because Americans have always dreamed larger, reached farther, and excelled beyond all expectation. It is an American destiny to take this next step in space exploration. We must not quit now.  By providing more than $5.3 billion to fund the Human Space Flight Program, which includes the international space station, this bill will preserve American leadership in space exploration. I am pleased the committee chose to continue this great endeavor.  Mr. President, I also want to take this opportunity to highlight two other very important NASA provisions in this bill. The first is the WINDSAT Program within Mission to Planet Earth. The Mission to Planet Earth Program will provide valuable long-term climate forecasting information essential to a number of U.S. industries, including environmental, agricultural, forestry management, and disaster prediction and mitigation programs. The most difficult task facing this program is predicting seasonal and annual climate changes. This is the purpose of the WINDSAT Program. The global wind data provided by the WINDSAT is critical to Mission to Planet Earth's ability to predict these changes.  Without this information, we are getting only part of the picture. WINDSAT will provide the data needed to complete that picture. I am very pleased the committee has supported this program.  Mr. President, 50 years ago, it would have taken an entire warehouse to hold a computer with the capabilities of today's small hand-held calculators. Again and again we have seen how technology development reduces size and increases power. This is happening in the satellite industry as well.  By the year 2000, advanced microsatellite technologies will yield small high-power, low-cost satellites, yet launch costs will be prohibitively expensive, unless we do something about it.  Therefore, I am pleased that the committee has directed an augmentation for the low-cost small-launch technology demonstration project.  This project promises to establish American leadership in the low-cost small-launch market. Without this additional funding, the objectives of the program simply cannot be met. The funding level in this bill will ensure that as microsatellites become available, we will have a cost-effective way to put them into orbit.  Mr. President, in short, the bill we have before us today fulfills an American vision of our future in space by continuing our commitment to space exploration and high-technology research and development. It will ensure that we continue on our national journey into space and will mean more opportunities and a brighter future for our country.  I urge my colleagues to share this vision and support this bill.  