 President, I rise today in full support of the renomination of Alan Greenspan to the Chairmanship of the Federal Reserve Board. First nominated in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan, Chairman Greenspan has reduced the consumer price index from almost 7 percent then to about 2.6 percent now. In fact, inflation was below 3 percent in 1995, for its fifth consecutive year, marking the first sustained period of low inflation since the Kennedy administration.  Alan Greenspan has been renominated for a third term as Chairman of the Federal Reserve because he has earned the respect of his peers with a strong record of low inflation and economic stability. Indeed, Mr. Greenspan is currently leading us through a volatile transition from an overheated economy to one operating near capacity without inflation. To understand the importance of this transition, one must know that such a transition has never been achieved in the postwar period.  It has been said the highest honor a man can receive is recognition among his peers. Chairman Greenspan has received just that:  Thomas Juterbock of Morgan Stanley has said, ``The market sees Greenspan as the last gatekeeper of rational macroeconomic policy that will preclude inflation.''  Allan Meltzer, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University and a well-known Fed watcher, has said, ``He's the best chairman the Fed has ever had.''  Lawrence Lindsey, a current Fed Governor, has stated, ``If the curve you're grading on is `What's attainable by mortals,' he certainly deserves an A.''  Indeed, former Vice-Chairman of the Fed, Princeton professor, and Clinton nominee, Allan Blinder, recently said of Greenspan's policies, ``This is perhaps the most successful episode of monetary policy in the history of the Fed.'' In fact, Mr. Blinder voted with Chairman Greenspan through a long series of rate increases in 1994.  With such high regards, a sound record, and possibly the strongest and safest banking system in history, I believe the renomination of Alan Greenspan as Chairman of the Federal Reserve is imperative to the continuity of monetary policy and certainty of financial markets.  I continue to believe the best monetary policy a country can have is one that strives for price stability and zero inflation. Inflation is a tax, plain and simple. Americans are taxed too much already and should not have the purchasing power of their $1 stolen from them. Hard-working Americans deserve to bear the fruits of their labor, and a strong, sound independent bank is essential to that goal.  Some claim that the Federal Reserve is not accountable to Congress. Some Members in the Senate have even suggested that we politicize the Federal Reserve Bank. I believe that would be the biggest mistake we could ever make. Congress and the President cannot even agree on a balanced budget deal, much less the rate of growth of monetary aggregates or the correct Federal funds rate. Monetary policy should not be subject to the whims of the political cycle.  Without qualification, the Federal Reserve Bank should maintain its independence.  Mr. Greenspan has always been mindful and considerate of Congress, but he has never let the political process manipulate him or the Federal Reserve. His expertise and strong will are needed at the central bank and we should show our appreciation of his diligent work by reconfirming his nomination to the Chair of the Federal Reserve Board.  I believe, Mr. President, these criticisms of the Federal Reserve are nothing more than an excuse not to adopt sound fiscal policies like a balanced budget and a pure flat tax. These criticisms are not based on an understanding of macroeconomic principles. I have not heard any discussions based on the purchasing-power-parity theory, interest-rate-parity theory, or even the rise in commodity prices. It is clear to me Mr. Greenspan is being made a scapegoat for individuals who will not adopt sound fiscal policies.  Lastly, I want to voice my support for the confirmation of Laurence Meyer as a Federal Reserve Governor. He has a sterling academic record as well as a demonstrated professional record as an economic forecaster and will have a great deal to offer the Board.  