 President, I rise in strong support of the conference report to the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996. The American people I believe have demanded welfare reform, and I am pleased that the Congress has not yielded in its commitment to pass much needed and long overdue comprehensive welfare reform. Our current welfare system is a death sentence. It is a death sentence to the human spirit, the family, and the hopes and dreams of millions of children in America. The welfare system today encourages dependency, facilitates the breakdown of the family, demoralizes the human spirit, and undermines the work ethic that built our Nation. For a third time this Congress has delivered legislation to address the failures of the welfare state and provide reforms that I believe will free the poor from being trapped in a cycle of dependency. This bill is the boldest statement we can make in the current political environment, and I am pleased that the President has finally pledged to keep his promise to end welfare as we know it.  Mr. President, the imperative for welfare reform is manifest. The American taxpayers have spent more than $5.4 trillion since President Johnson declared a war on poverty. But after spending this massive sum, we are no closer to having a Great Society than if we had done nothing. In fact, the poverty rate in America has actually increased over the past 28 years. The reason for this is simple: Welfare has become a way of life. The modern welfare State is rife with financial incentives for mothers to remain unmarried. Eighty percent of children in many low-income communities in America are born in homes without a father. It is virtually impossible for a young unwed mother with no work skills to escape the welfare trap as we know it today. This has done nothing to stop the ravaging of our cities and the skyrocketing of violent crime.  People have become dependent on welfare because it completely destroys the need to work and the natural incentive to become self-sufficient. For more than 30 years the message of the welfare state is that the Government will take care of you. It is a punitive form of assistance. It punishes those who want to work and want to succeed. It punishes those mothers who want to get married and have a husband to help raise the children.  Where is the compassion in this present welfare program? It is not there. Only the beltway establishment would dare suggest that providing monthly benefits is more compassionate than fostering the natural inclination in every human being to reach your full potential. However, with the enactment of this bill, Congress will require welfare recipients to work in exchange for benefits for the first time. By imposing a 5-year lifetime limit on welfare benefits, the message of the reformed welfare state is that we will provide temporary assistance to help during hardship as you return to self-sufficiency.  The bill we vote on today begins to repair a very badly broken welfare state in other ways. It puts healthy incentives in our welfare system. The generous package of welfare benefits available in America is a magnet for literally hundreds of thousands of legal and illegal immigrants. I do not believe this is just, and this bill properly denies welfare to noncitizens.  Also, the Government will no longer tell young women, ``If you have children you are not able to support and you are willing to raise them without a father the Government will reward you and pick up the tab.'' That is the wrong message. This legislation allows States to end additional cash payments to unwed mothers who have additional children while collecting welfare. The bill also permits States to deny cash to unwed teenage mothers and instead provide them with other forms of assistance. It is good for children to see both their parents in the morning, and this bill provides the mechanisms that will make this the norm, not the exception.  This legislation represents real welfare reform. The monster that was created over the last 30 years will not change overnight, but we take a significant step today. This bill ensures that welfare finally will benefit, not harm, its beneficiaries. I urge all my colleagues to adopt this landmark legislation.  