 President, I wanted to come to the floor today and try to set the record straight on Senator Dole's tax relief plan. Over and over, Mr. President, the media pundits and the liberal Democrats, such as our President, have been telling the American people that Senator Dole's tax relief plan will ``balloon the deficit'' or result in ``extreme'' or ``draconian" spending cuts which will hurt our children and starve the poor.  Mr. President, I believe these scare tactics are not only wrong, they are shameless, and it is time we start standing up here and telling the American people the truth. I want to briefly lay out in a few minutes today some of the facts to expose the myths put forth by the guardians of Big Government--yes, the guardians of Big Government.  First, Mr. President, President Clinton, I believe, is wrong, wrong to claim that broad-based tax relief will increase the deficit. He often points to the 1980's as proof that cutting taxes results in higher deficits. However, the facts just do not support his claim. For example, when President Reagan, with the help of the Congress, cut the taxes in the early 1980's from a top rate of 70 percent down to 28 percent, total revenues to the Treasury during that time increased by 99.4 percent during the following decade.  What was this due to? It was due to the record rates of economic growth which occurred during the 1980's, an average, Mr. President, as you will recall, of about 4 percent a year. These cuts stimulated the longest peacetime economic expansion in American history. More than 20 million new jobs were created, and more people were paying taxes, increasing Government revenues at that time.  The fact is, Mr. President, that the massive deficits of the 1980's did not result from tax cuts; they resulted from skyrocketing rates of Federal spending. For example, during the 1980's, Federal spending increased by 112 percent; it doubled in just 10 short years. This out-of-control spending is the culprit for the deficits of the 1980's, not President Reagan's tax cuts.  What this means for us today is that we should not hesitate to give the American people long overdue tax relief. History over and over, Mr. President, has proven that lower taxes generate economic growth and will increase every citizen's standard of living. But we need to make sure such relief is accompanied by cuts in spending. Cuts in spending is the issue.  This is where the Democrats have tried to scare people. We have heard over and over that broad-based tax relief will result in extreme cuts in spending. Mr. President, the underlying assumption of this argument is that the Government has cut costs everywhere it can and that all wasteful Government programs have been eliminated and that the only Government programs which are left are ones that, if cut, would hurt children or starve the poor. That, Mr. President, is every bit as extreme as it is ridiculous.  The idea that the Government simply cannot afford to let people keep more of the money that they earn is appalling. Whose money is it anyway, Mr. President?  Since when did the Government have an entitlement to everything people earned? This is an important point here today because, by buying into the argument that the Government cannot afford to give Americans a tax cut, we lose title to our freedom every day, sort of by adverse possession, if you will. Congress should not have to justify broad-based tax relief. Rather, Mr. President, it should justify every single dollar it takes out of the pockets of the American people who work every day to supply it.  The White House should never again say that we cannot afford broad-based tax relief.  Let me give you just a small example of one way we could pay for tax relief. I think it is instructive. Robert Shapiro of the Progressive Policy Institute has identified, Mr. President, more than $100 billion of corporate welfare hidden in the current Tax Code, special interests' Tax Code. We should eliminate all corporate welfare, Mr. President, and enact immediate tax relief for individuals in America.  I have introduced legislation which would do this by scrapping the entire Tax Code, eliminating all deductions and special tax breaks for special interests, and replacing it with a low, flat-rate tax system. The Tax Code should not be a tool, Mr. President, for Washington to maintain control over our citizens' private resources. Washington should not single out certain people or corporations in America to receive special treatment in the form of tax breaks, as they have done over the years.  Everyone--everyone--in America should be on the same playing field. And they are not. The flat tax would rid this town of thousands of lobbyists who spend millions of dollars a year trying to get special tax breaks for corporate America. All in all, the Congressional Budget Office has identified thus far 64 provisions of the Tax Code which can be considered corporate welfare. This is increasing the tax burden of the average taxpayer by hundreds of billions of dollars.  Mr. President, I reject the notion that we cannot afford broad-based tax relief for the American people. That view is simply a smokescreen used by the President and the Democrats to safeguard their sacred social programs and maintain Federal control over the economy. There is plenty of room in the Federal budget, I believe, if we look hard enough, to provide broad-based tax relief and still balance the budget.  Republicans have already done it once and I think we can do it again. I just hope the next time we do, Mr. President, we will have a President who will not protect the status quo and veto our proposal but look to help the working people of America.  I yield the floor.  