 In addition to advocating a regulatory framework that encourages and promotes competition in the telecommunications industry, I have been particularly concerned that small and entrepreneurial firms are allowed to compete on a level playing field in all industry sectors in the United States and global economies. Indeed, with passage of the Telecommunications Act, Congress sought to provide opportunities for small businesses to participate in the telecommunications industry while also moving the entire industry toward a more competitive framework overall. Section 257 of the Act directs the FCC to ``identify and eliminate * * * market entry barriers for entrepreneurs and other small businesses in the provision and ownership of telecommunications services. * * *''  Mr. President, this is very clear and precise language and should leave no question as to the intent of Congress on matters relating to small businesses. Nevertheless, it has come to my attention that the FCC, in two recent rulemaking decisions relating to new satellite services, has adopted stringent financial standards, the practical effect of which is to erect market entry barriers to telecommunications ownership by entrepreneurs, small businesses and similar entities.  Under the Commission's strict financial standard, applicants are required to demonstrate financial qualifications either on the basis of a corporate balance sheet or alternatively, on the basis of fully negotiated, irrevocable funding commitments from outside sources. This standard unfairly favors large corporations who may submit a balance sheet as part of their licensing application, regardless of whether the funds reflected on paper are actually committed to the project and even though the corporate giant, like its smaller competitors, will likely turn to external financiers and investors to ultimately fund its system. In fact, the award of all satellite licenses in one of the proceedings I refer to have gone to large corporations. In contrast, applications from small entrepreneurial companies have been deferred because they have been held to the stricter test requiring proof that funds have been irrevocably committed by others on behalf of their entire project. This is a very high hurdle to clear.  Although numerous small businesses, as well as the Small Business Administration and a number of U.S. Senators and Congressmen, have raised concerns about these strict financial standards with the FCC, we have received no adequate response from the FCC, nor has the Commission modified its policy in this area.  To the distinguished chairman of the Commerce Committee I ask: Was it the intent of Congress with passage of the Telecommunications Act of 1996 to encourage the FCC to ease the regulatory framework and encourage competition in the telecommunications industry? And, further, was it the intent of Congress that regulations that act as market entry barriers to small and entrepreneurial businesses be identified and eliminated as soon as possible?  