 President, we are here on the floor talking about the Transportation appropriations bill, as the Senator from Nevada has stated. We have taken some time to hear about the Patients' Bill of Rights because no Members have come to the floor to offer their amendments.  I can share with you, as chairman of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, many Members on the floor, Republicans and Democrats, have come to me over the last 5 weeks to tell me how critical an airport is in their State, or a road, a bridge, or a highway. Many Members have thanked me for the money for the Coast Guard and for pipeline safety. Many Members have mentioned to me the critical issues facing their States, their infrastructure needs that have piled up. We have done a good job--Senator Shelby and I--in putting a lot of money into these projects that will help families in every State in this country to be better able to get to work quickly, to take care of their kids and get to a babysitter and pick them up before they go home, to go to an airport that has improvements so they don't have long waits. Those issues are critical.  One amendment on our side is from the Senator from Georgia. He will be here shortly. I have heard rumors of several Members on the Republican side who have amendments. So far, none of them has come to the floor. I tell all of our Members that we cannot get this to conference and advocate forthose needs that you have impressed upon us unless we move this bill off the floor. We are here, and we want to work with you on amendments. But unless somebody comes and offers an amendment, we are unable to move forward.  I remind everybody again that we are moving to a cloture vote tomorrow. Your amendments will not likely be in order after that, and we will not be able to help you with that. Again, I plead with our colleagues on both sides, if you have amendments, come to the floor now. Let us know. We are happy to work with you. Otherwise, your project will not be part of the bill that is going to move out of here.  I thank my colleague from Nevada.  