 I was concerned with his mischaracterization of those who oppose this amendment. As I heard him, I felt he was saying those who support this amendment support the Boy Scouts and the values of the Boy Scouts, and those who oppose it oppose the Boy Scouts.  I tell the Senator from Oregon and our colleagues, that is absolutely not the case. I have sat here and listened to the entire debate. Everyone who has opposed this amendment has spoken about the Boy Scouts personally in their own lives, including me. I remind the Senator from Oregon that I was a Brownie. I was a junior Girl Scout. I was a Girl Scout. I was a Brownie leader. I was a junior Girl Scout leader. I was a senior Girl Scout leader, and I was a Boy Scout leader for my son.  I think the Boy Scouts do a tremendous job in this country for a lot of young people, and I want them to continue to do that.  The opposition to this amendment comes because the Boy Scouts already have equal access to our facilities. They have them under current law, and it has been affirmed by court decisions. The concerns on our side are that this amendment and the language of the amendment as written will give the Boy Scouts access above and beyond any other group that asks for a school facility.  As a former school board member, the bind that will put our school districts in, as they look at this language and are told that if a church group comes to them and another group, perhaps seniors who are looking for tutoring, and Boy Scouts, is that they will have to pick the Boy Scouts over those other groups. School boards make these decisions based on a lot of different local decisions: On space, on how the facility will be used, on how many janitors they are going to have to hire, on what other kinds of demands there are on their facilities. Their underlying goal as a school board is to make sure the kids in their district are educated. We have to leave this decision in their hands and not put language into the Elementary and Secondary Education Act that forces them to choose one group over another.  Equal access is currently provided under law and by the courts. What we cannot do is tie the hands of school boards to give unequal access to a group, even though all of us on the floor may agree that it is a great group.  