 President, yesterday I was in a meeting here in the Capitol, when I looked out the window and I saw something that I will never forget.  I saw black clouds of smoke filling the sky over the Pentagon.  Yesterday, terrorists attacked our country, our financial center, our military headquarters, and our sense of security. Yesterday's horrific pictures are fixed in our minds forever.  But today, we see something else. We see a country that's come together. We see a government that speaks with one voice to denounce terrorism. And we see people who have volunteered--to search the rubble, to help the injured, and to donate blood.  These acts of terror were meant to divide us. But the truth is they've brought us all closer together.  This afternoon, I want to extend my prayers to all the victims, their families and friends.  I want to thank all of the emergency personnel who responded with such courage: including the brave men and women of our armed forces, police, firefighters and medical personnel.  And I want everyone to know that our country is unified behind the President. We will help the injured. We will protect our citizens. And will punish those who committed these cowardly acts. Every resource we have will be made available to support the recovery effort.  Yesterday we were attacked, but today, we stand united.  As our work resumes, we will work together to plug the security holes that this attack has uncovered.  I want all of my colleagues to know that, as chair of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, my top priority is the safety of the traveling public.  We will do what it takes to ensure the safety of our Nation's transportation system.  In the coming days and weeks, we must evaluate our security system, our intelligence abilities and the safety of our transportation network.  Out citizens have a right to feel secure at home, at work, at school, and on our Nation's transportation system. We are going to make sure Americans have the safety and security they deserve.  Ours is a great Nation. We have withstood many challenges. We will learn the lessons of this challenge, and together, we will build a stronger country.  So as we take stock of this unspeakable tragedy, as we learn the names of the victims, as we hear stories of the heroism and compassion in the wake of this attack, we are standing together we are speaking with one voice and will do everything we can to ensure our safety and to answer this evil act with justice.  