 President, I thank my colleague from California for yielding me time.  Mr. President, I believe that Scouting--whether it is the Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts--really can help kids develop their character and build important skills. And that is important. In fact, Scouting has been an important part of my life and my own children's lives.  I was a Brownie. I was a Junior Girl Scout. I was a Girl Scout. I was a Brownie Leader. I was a Girl Scout Leader. And, in fact, I was even a Boy Scout Leader for my son's troop. So I know about Scouting. This amendment is not about scouting.  This amendment is about imposing a Federal mandate on local schools that could essentially overwhelm their facilities and strain their ability to meet their first responsibility, which I believe we all understand is to educate our students.  The Helms amendment essentially takes a problem that does not exist and uses it to dictate the decisions that local school boards make.  There are several problems with this amendment, but first and foremost, it really is not needed, as the Senator from California said. Right now, under Federal law, Scouts receive the same protection and access as any other group--nothing more, nothing less--and that is the way it should be. And that is not just my opinion; it is our Federal law, known as the Equal Access Act.  Let me read to you part of that statute. It says:       It shall be unlawful for any public secondary school which      receives Federal financial assistance and which has a limited      open forum to deny access for a fair opportunity to, or [to]      discriminate against, any students wishing to conduct a      meeting within that limited open forum on the basis of the      religious, political, philosophical or other content of the      speech at such meetings.  That is the law right now--on the books in black and white. So this amendment is unnecessary because current Federal law already requires equal access. Not only do groups such as the Boy Scouts already have access under Federal law, the courts are reaffirming that access.  In fact, just this last Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that a New York State school had to let a religious organization use its facilities since it was already allowing nonreligious organizations to do the same thing.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to have a Washington Post article which explains this ruling printed in the Record after my remarks.  