 President, I thank my colleague from Massachusetts. I thank Senator Kennedy, and all of his staff, for the hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours they have put into making this bill a success.  I do rise today to express my support for the ESEA conference report and to highlight some of my concerns with the bill.  Since 1965, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act has helped students in our schools have more equal access and be more effective than ever before. It is important we renew our Federal education policies in order to keep up with the growing challenges that face our schools.  While I do not agree with everything in the bill, I do believe Congress must move forward with education reform to provide the support that our students need today.  Throughout this process, five principles have guided my consideration.  First, I believe we have to invest in what we know works.  Second, we have to protect disadvantaged students and make sure they get the extra help they need.  Third, we have to make sure taxpayer dollars stay in public schools.  Fourth, we have to help our students meet national education goals.  And finally, we have to set high standards and provide the resources so all students can meet them.  On balance, I believe this bill meets all of my principles.  This is a bipartisan win for our students. I am proud that as we moved forward we left behind some of the most troubling proposals: from vouchers to Straight A's. This bill requires high standards for all children and provides flexible Federal support that focuses on the things that we know work, including smaller classes, high-quality teachers, afterschool programs, technology and technology training for our teachers, support for students with limited-English proficiency, a strong Safe and Drug Free Schools Program, guarantees of a quality education for homeless students, and more resources for disadvantaged students.  While I support the bill overall, I do continue to have significant concerns about some of the mandates in the bill. I believe Congress must now closely monitor how this bill impacts students.  My top concern, of course, is the funding in the bill. While we have made progress in securing an additional $4 billion, I fear the funding level will be short of what our communities will need to carry out the mandates in the bill.  In part to ease this burden, I believe we must fully fund special education next year. Almost every member of our conference committee expressed a commitment to fulfilling the promise of full funding when IDEA is reauthorized. Keeping that commitment is critical to the success of education reform.  I remain concerned, as well, about how the new tests will be used and about the Federal Government setting the formula to measure student progress. We now have a responsibility to make sure these mandates do not end up holding children back. If this bill leads to more crowded classrooms, fewer high-quality teachers, or a focus on testing instead of learning, then we will have to revisit these mandates.  But, on balance, this bill takes important steps forward to improve our public schools. While I am not pleased with every provision, I do not want the Federal Government to miss this opportunity to help students throughout the country make progress.  So, again, I thank Senator Kennedy and his staff and my staff, including Bethany Little, for the tremendous amount of work they have done to get us to this point.  