 President, Senator Wellstone brings us an amendment today that really gets to the very heart of this bill, helping our schools ensure that no child is left behind. Some seem to think the heart of this bill is testing, but I have to say as a parent and former educator I know testing alone will not ensure that one additional child learns to read. Testing alone will not help our Nation's students learn to add and subtract. The heart of this bill must be a true effort by the Federal Government to serve as a partner to our States and to our local communities, offering every child a high-quality education and true chance to succeed.  In 1965, when the Federal Government first recognized its special responsibility to provide additional resources to help the most disadvantaged students, we determined a level of support that was necessary to ensure that every child would succeed. Since that time, we have failed over and over again to really give them that support. That is what this Wellstone amendment is about: ensuring we finally meet our commitment to those children.  Over the course of this debate, many of my colleagues have said that title I has failed to help our children over the past 35 years. They cite stagnant test scores as proof that additional investments in title I are a waste. Frankly, that is ridiculous. The reality is, after adjusting for inflation, title I spending has been almost flat. Meanwhile, the job of our public schools has gotten much more demanding, serving not only more students overall, but more students with challenges in limited English proficiency and disabilities.  But these glib statements about title I having failed our disadvantaged students are perhaps most disingenuous and frustrating when one considers the chronic underfunding of title I. Let me talk about that for a moment and illustrate the absurdity of this argument that title I has failed.  Let's assume that Congress decides we must build a bridge from the House to the Senate side of the Capitol; after building a third of that bridge, we begin sending people over that bridge. Not surprisingly, no one makes it to the other side. Some Senators come to the floor and express shock and dismay that no one has crossed the incomplete bridge. After years of this kind of folly, we finally declare on the floor of the Senate that the bridge is clearly a failure and it has to be torn down.  That is what we have done with title I. We have determined that a need exists. We have developed a solution. We have failed to implement that solution. And then we have declared that the solution is not a good one.  The promise of title I has never truly been fulfilled, and because of that, the promise for millions of children has also not been fulfilled. But this is not a matter of getting people across the Capitol. This is about our children's lives. This is about giving them a true chance to succeed. Title I has not failed our most disadvantaged children; we have failed them by not fully funding title I. Title I provides some of the most targeted and flexible funding. This is the kind of funding we need to offer if children are going to have any chance of passing these tests.  Last week, when I was home in my home State of Washington, I met with 31 superintendents in one meeting, and then I talked with countless other parents who stopped me in the grocery store or on the street or anywhere else they found me to express their enormous concern about this bill. They know we are sending them a huge unfunded testing mandate, but they are not sure whether we are sending them much else. Frankly, neither am I.  I know this bill does not provide smaller classes. It doesn't provide support for school renovation or even all the money they will need to develop and implement the tests we are requiring. I also know this bill imposes serious consequences based on the results of these new tests, but this bill does not give our children or our teachers or our schools the tools they need to help the kids pass these tests.  What is our goal in this bill? Is it to impose an enormous unfunded testing mandate on our schools? Is it to declare our schools are in need of improvement or to shut them down? Is it to set our children and their teachers up for failure or is it to ensure that no child is left behind by, yes, measuring their progress but also providing the resources that will help them make that progress?  I have heard my colleagues claim over and over again that the testing in this bill is simply a measure and it will help us identify the needs. Will anyone really be surprised if these new tests show that many children in our most poor schools are not succeeding? When will they have sufficient evidence that the problem exists and be willing to then take the steps necessary to solve it? We keep hearing people say this bill is about accountability. I have news for them. Most of our Nation's teachers, principals, and educators have always felt accountable to the people they serve in their own communities.  What about our accountability? When will we be held accountable for following through on our commitments? We have gotten away with not following through on this one for 35 years. Isn't it time we held ourselves accountable and stopped picking on the teachers and the parents and the students who are struggling every day with insufficient resources?  About a month ago, 78 of our colleagues came down to this floor and voted to invest this amount of funds in our most disadvantaged children. Was our goal that day just another empty promise? I expect at least some of those same 79 votes will be registered in favor of Senator Wellstone's amendment since it simply affirms the commitment we have made to these children.  This vote is a test. Are we willing to put our money where our mouths are? Any Senator who voted for the Dodd amendment but votes against this amendment will have some explaining to do--not to me, by the way, but to the children they are deceiving with false promises of help backed up with only another test, not a smaller class, a well-prepared teacher, or an afterschool program.  I urge my colleagues to support the Wellstone amendment and show the Nation's most disadvantaged students that we are committed to offering more than just words of encouragement. We are committed to offering them the support they need to succeed.  