 President, I rise today with Senators Craig, Cleland, Gordon Smith, Cantwell, Wyden and Boxer to reintroduce the Agricultural Market Access and Development Act of 2001.  Trade is the lifeblood of Washington state's economy. From aerospace to software to agriculture, one out of every three jobs in my state is trade-related. Without access to markets around the world, Washington state's economy cannot function.  The legislation I am introducing today would open and expand markets for U.S. agricultural exports. It wouldhelp rural economies. It would create jobs in regions that need them the most.  In the 106th Congress, we focused our attention on opening markets to American goods and services. I strongly supported efforts to pass permanent normal trade relations for China, to reform our ineffective unilateral sanctions policies, and to create new trade relationships with Africa and the Caribbean Basin.  Our nation's producers generally supported these efforts, but their enthusiasm for new trade agreements is waning.  It's difficult for our farmers and ranchers to endorse new trade agreements when our trade partners heavily subsidize their producers.  It's difficult for farmers and ranchers to get excited about potential new markets when federal agencies give a green light to imports from nations that won't let our products in.  It's difficult for farmers and ranchers to support free trade when our competitors have the advantage of cheaper labor, cheaper land, cheaper water and fewer environmental regulations.  When these trade challenges are combined with low prices, a strong dollar, the 1997 Asian financial crisis, and higher energy and fertilizer prices, I understand why many of our farmers and ranchers are losing patience with our trade agreements.  I believe agricultural producers and rural communities should continue to support free trade. U.S. producers are so productive that we can't afford not to push for more open markets.  But I also believe we should give our agricultural producers a fighting chance to succeed. We need to pursue trade agreements that are fair. We need to enforce the good agreements we make. And we need to invest in market promotion and development.  The legislation I am introducing today will help give producers a fighting chance. It invests in market share, not potential markets. It builds on success, not rhetoric.  Current law authorizes hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Export Enhancement Program. But the program isn't being used. Current law does not allow the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer those authorized funds to programs that are being used, like the Market Access Program and the the Foreign Market Development ``Cooperator'' Program.  My bill would change that.  The Agricultural Market Access and Development Act does three things.  First, it raises the existing cap on the Market Access Program from $90 million to $200 million.  Second, it creates a $35 million floor for the Foreign Market Development ``Cooperator'' Program.  The Market Access Program and the Cooperator Program have helped to expand markets for apples, potatoes, wheat, wine and other products from Washington state and around the nation. Under these programs, the federal government reimburses a non-profit industry association or a private business for a portion of trade promotion activities.  Third, the bill establishes a mechanism to pay for these changes. It authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer a percentage of unspent funds under the Export Enhancement Program to market access and development programs.  The legislation I am introducing today is nearly identical to S. 1983, which I introduced in 1999. In the 106th Congress, more than eighty agriculture and food organizations wrote to Members of Congress supporting S. 1983. I believe we will have equal--if not greater--support as we start working on the next farm bill.  I urge my colleagues to cosponsor and support the Agricultural Market Access and Development Act.  