 President, I rise today to express my overall support for the Labor-HHS bill currently before us. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their continued efforts to meet our county's needs. I recognize the financial limitations we faced in the subcommittee in trying to address our many concerns in labor, health and education. This appropriations bill, more than any other bill, impacts every family and every community. The programs in this bill from education and health services to workplace safety are priorities for Washington families. While I am disappointed by some areas of the bill, overall it makes critical investments in our health, safety and welfare. I would like to highlight some of my priorities in this critical legislation, starting with education.  Although I appreciate the significant increase in education we provide in this bill, I hope that we will be able to put more money into education programs this year. The education reform bill now in conference would impose significant new requirements on our schools, and if we are going to ensure no child is left behind, we need to provide the money to back up that bill. I look forward to working with Senator Harkin and my other colleagues on the ESEA conference committee to fully-fund IDEA.  I especially thank the Chair for working with me to ensure sufficient funding to keep our commitment of smaller classes for our young students. This investment of more than $3 billion in teacher quality and smaller classes represents the fourth year that I have successfully fought for funds to help districts continue on the path to hiring 100,000 new teachers to reduce class sizes in the early grades nationwide.  By including the class size reduction program in the appropriations bills over the last 3 years, Congress has taken an important, bipartisan step to ensure our students are learning in less crowded classrooms. The first year of Federal class size reduction funds enabled schools to hire 29,000 teachers, and last year's funding added another 8,000 to that number. As a result, about 2 million students are learning in classrooms that are no longer overcrowded. On a related note, I am pleased that this bill includes funding to continue the school renovation investments we started this year. These funds are critical to ensuring students learn in safe, modern and uncrowded classrooms.  I am also pleased to note that this bill includes funding for the Teacher Training in Technology Program. Helping our teachers learn to use technology is essential if we are going to use technology to improve education for all students. I will continue to work to secure this program in ESEA reauthorization, and appreciate the committee's support in that endeavor.  I am disappointed that this bill does not provide more funding to support some of our most vulnerable students our homeless children. I hoped we would follow the lead of the education authorizers who accepted my amendment to double the authorization for homeless education. At the current level this program is only able to serve one-third of eligible children, and less than 4 percent of districts receive direct funding. The House mark includes $50 million for this program, and I hope that the final agreement will include a significant increase over current funding. Family homelessness is increasing. The U.S. Conference of Mayors found that demand for emergency shelter increased by 17 percent among homeless families last year. Schools are having a hard time keeping up with the increasing demand for services, and I fear that the changes in our economy will only make the situation worse.  Local homeless education programs use these funds to help homeless children enroll, attend, and succeed inschool in by: establishing liaisons to the homeless community to identify homeless children and connect them to school; providing school supplies and emergency needs--everything from backpacks, paper, pencils, gym clothes, math/science equipment, to eyeglasses, shoes, clothing, and hygiene supplies; offering tutorial services for homeless children at shelters and other locations; and much more.  I thank the managers for adding funding for GEAR UP in this final bill, and I hope we can include additional funds in conference to avoid a cut from the fiscal year 2001 appropriated level. I have seen firsthand the great work this program is facilitating. Research has shown that reaching out to disadvantaged middle school students to let them know that the dream of college is within their grasp and supporting them in attaining that dream is the most effective way to ensure more disadvantaged students get a college degree. In the information economy of the 21st century we cannot leave children behind by denying them access to higher education. I believe we can and must do better for these children by providing an increase in funding for the GEAR UP Program.  Finally, I look forward to working with Chairman Harkin and the Ranking Member, Senator Specter, to secure the funds necessary to operate Child Care Aware. Millions of children are in care outside of their home while their parents work. Yet child care is often more costly than college tuition, and quality care can be hard to find. Child Care Aware is a nonprofit initiative, operated by the National Association of Child Care Resource and Referral Agencies, that is committed to helping parents find the best information on locating quality child care and child care resources in their community.  Next, I would like to turn to the labor provisions of this bill. I am pleased that the bill includes $1.549 billion for the Dislocated Worker Employment and Training Activities. This is an increase of nearly $140 million from fiscal year 2001.  Unfortunately, our economy is continuing to slump. Recent indicators suggest unemployment could reach as high as 6.9 percent by the end of next year. Many of these people need help in their search for new skills and new jobs. The Boeing company has announced it will lay off more than 30,000 workers from its commercial airline business, which is headquartered in Washington. That is 30 percent of their workforce. Many other industries have announced massive layoffs. Those workers will be seeking access to the dislocated workers' program. The money in this bill is a good first step. However, we must also expand unemployment insurance, health care and job training programs to assist these newly-unemployed workers. I hope my colleagues will support such a measure as we debate an economic stimulus package.  Finally, I would like to turn to some of the progress this bill makes in the area of healthcare. For years, we have known about the important role played by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. During the recent anthrax incidents, many Americans have learned about some of the CDC's responsibilities. This bill boosts our investment in the CDC by providing $4.4 billion for Disease Control programs--an increase of $372 million over last year. This funding will support cancer screening and education programs, including breast and cervical cancer screening; injury control and reduction, including rape prevention and education, bioterrorism, and improving our local public health infrastructure to respond to public health threats.  This bill makes progress for local communities that are working to provide care to the uninsured and underinsured. The bill provides $1.3 billion for Health Centers, which is $175 million more than in fiscal year 2001.  While this bill makes a lot of progress on health care issues, I am deeply disappointed that this bill falls short of our commitment to the Community Access Program, CAP, which helps communities research and coordinate care to underserved populations. I can tell you that throughout Washington state, the CAP program is allowing local officials, doctors and advocates to meet the needs of underserved patients. In fact, this program is critical in meeting the needs of the growing population of uninsured. During these difficult economic times, we should be strengthening our safety net programs. That is why, earlier this year, the HELP Committee adopted the amendment I offered with Senator Clinton, which assumes an authorization of $125 for the CAP program. Clearly, the $15 million in this bill falls short of our commitment. I am hopeful that we can work with the House in conference to meet our original commitment.  Throughout Washington State, small and rural communities are seeing hospitals close. It is becoming more difficult for people in rural areas to get the care they need. This bill invests in rural health care. It provides more than $1.6 billion to help increase and improve access to rural health care services, providers and facilities.  I am also pleased that the bill supports pediatric medical training. It provides $243 million for GME for children's hospitals. This increase of $8.45 million is important for hospitals like Children's Hospital in Seattle. In the area of AIDS, this bill provides $1.8 billion for the Ryan White AIDS programs, $75 million more than last year. This bill funds our family planning efforts at $266 million for title X, an increase of $12 million over fiscal year 2001.  When it comes to supporting cutting-edge medical research, this bill keeps us on track for doubling NIH funding by fiscal year 2003. It provides a total of $23.7 billion, an increase of $3.4 billion over last year. I am proud of the research being done in Washington state including at the University of Washington, the Hutch and many biotech and biomedical research facilities throughout the state. In fact, Washington state is one of the top five recipients of NIH funding.  In the area of poison control, I am pleased that this legislation provides a total of $24 million for fiscal year 2002, that's a $4 million increase over fiscal year and $7.5 million more than the administration requested. As one of the original authors of the Poison Control Prevention and Enhancement Act, I believe this additional funding will prevent unintentional poisonings from everyday products. This bill supports trauma care planning and development by providing $4 million, an increase of $1 million over fiscal year 01 and $1.5 million more than the administration's request. Finally, as any advocate can tell you, our country doesn't have enough shelter space to offer protection for abused women and children. This bill provides $122 million for battered women's shelters. That is an increase of $5 million over fiscal year 01 and the Administration's request.  As many of my colleagues are aware, states are struggling to fund critical health care services with rapidly declining revenues. The economic downturn has created a budget crisis for many states including my own state of Washington. We should recognize the struggle facing many of our states and act to incorporate language into this appropriations bill to prohibit or delay any effort by CMS to reduce overall Medicaid payments. I know that many of us are concerned about efforts by CMS to further restrict the Upper Payment Limit within Medicaid. I worked with the previous Administration in 2000 to resolve this matter and phase out any potential loophole. To go back on this agreement now would mean significant Medicaid cuts for several States. This is the wrong time to cut the Federal share of Medicaid. I am hopeful that we can incorporate language in this appropriations bill to prohibit any action by CMS to reduce Medicaid funding.  I believe we should be working to enhance the Federal match under Medicaid to prevent drastic reductions in health care for low income families. At a time when more families will lose health insurance, we should be acting to increase the Federal commitment to Medicaid. I realize that increasing the Federal Medicaid match is a matter which must be addressed in a stimulus package not this appropriations bill. However, we should use this appropriations bill to send a clear message to the administration that this is the wrong time to attempt to reduce Medicaid reimbursement to the States.  I am pleased that this bill continues our investment in the programs that many senior citizens and their familiesrely on. It boosts funding for OAA nutrition programs. Specifically, it provides an increase of $30 million over fiscal year 01 for home delivered meals (to $177 million) and congregate meals (to $384 million). It also provides a 10 percent increase for aging programs under the Administration on Aging and supports other investments that assist the elderly.  When we reauthorized the Older Americans Act last year, we created the Family Caregiver Support Program, which assists families caring for an aging relative. This bill provides a $20 million increase in the Family Caregiver Support Program to $140 million.  This bill funds efforts to use technology to expand health care access. It provides $1 million for telehealth efforts at Children's Hospital in Seattle. And in other areas important to Washington State, this bill supports the Franciscan Health System's Program Improving Care through the End of Life demonstration program. It funds the national Asian pacific center on aging continuation of funding. And it funds a health profession and nurse retention study in Washington state.  Overall, this bill makes progress for our people and our country.  