 President, I rise to express my extreme disappointment with the agriculture supplemental assistance package the Senate passed today.  This week, the Bush administration did a great disservice to our nation's farmers, to rural communities, and to agricultural conservation programs around this nation. The administration's veto threats forced the Senate to pass a bill that does not meet the needs of farmers in my State.  In fact, this bill is completely inadequate to meet the needs of our farmers and rural America. The bill abandons our apple producers. It abandons our pea and lentil producers. And it rejects a fair emergency payment to our wheat producers.  It didn't have to be this way. Senator Harkin worked with many of our colleagues to draft a balanced $7.4 billion emergency economic package. I fought hard to include $150 million in emergency payments for apple producers. I worked to include $20 million in assistance for dry pea and lentil producers. And many Senators worked together to ensure that wheat and other program crop producers received an emergency payment equal to what they received last year.  The Harkin bill was balanced, fair, and fiscally responsible. It deserved to become law. Yet, throughout this debate, the Bush administration steadfastly threatened to veto any bill larger than $5.5 billion. Today, President Bush won, and our farmers lost.  Instead of the Harkin bill, the Senate passed the House agriculture supplemental bill. We passed it because the President will sign it. We passed it because further delay threatened theavailability of $5.5 billion in emergency relief. We did not pass it because it's the best bill possible.  The President's veto threats have cost Washington state producers $103 million. Let me repeat that: According to the Senate Agriculture Committee, President Bush's veto threats will cost Washington State producers an estimated $103 million in assistance. That includes the $50.3 million in assistance our apple growers would have received under the apple aid package.  I would like to thank Senator Harkin for his support for specialty crop producers. Senator Harkin worked tirelessly to help all regions and all producers. In my opinion, he could not have put together a more balanced and fair package.  I would also like to thank Senator Daschle. Senator Daschle is committed to working with us to address the shortfalls in the House bill. I look forward to working with him to complete the unfinished business we began this week.  This fight is not over. I would urge my colleagues to return from the August recess ready to pass an agriculture aid package that is balanced and fair to America's farmers.  