 President, right now in classrooms across our country students are gathering. Right now teachers are beginning his or her lesson, and those students in that classroom probably do not know the specifics of the debate that we are about to have. They probably are not familiar with the amendment I am about to offer. But I will promise you one thing. Those students will realize the impact of how the Senate votes on this class size amendment.  Today, I am offering an amendment to continue the progress we have made over the last 3 years in making classrooms across the country less crowded and more productive. My amendment will ensure that we keep our commitment to help local school districts hire 100,000 new teachers so that students can get the time and the attention they need and deserve in our classrooms.  We know that smaller classes help kids learn the basics with fewer discipline problems.  Just this year we also learned that smaller classes resulted in better scores on standardized tests and a higher likelihood of taking college entrance exams and a lower teen pregnancy rate.  As managers of the taxpayer dollars, we should invest in ideas that work. We know that smaller classes help our students learn.  Unfortunately, the underlying bill combines funding for class size reduction and teacher quality into one pool. As a result, local school districts would have to choose, under this bill, between providing smaller classes or funding teacher quality. They shouldn't have to choose one or the other. We should fund both. It has always been important to invest in the things that work in the classroom. This year it is even more important as I look at the rest of the underlying bill.  Since President Bush plans to punish schools that do not improve, we have to make sure that schools have the proven tools they need, such as smaller classes, to help our children learn.  Before I continue, I want to share a personal reflection about what we are doing on education this month. As we update the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, we are creating a blueprint of how we are going to support excellence in schools across the country.  As a parent and as a former educator, I cannot imagine smaller classes not being a part of that blueprint. It just does not make sense. Right now, this bill leaves behind targeted funding for smaller classes. My amendment corrects that failure and tells students, teachers, and parents across the country that we know they are concerned about overcrowded classrooms, we know they want help in hiring new teachers, and we are going to honor our responsibility to pay for them.  I want to talk this morning about the difference that smaller classes can make according to research and according to parents and teachers. We know that too many classes are overcrowded with growing enrollment and limited space. Too many students are trying to learn in classrooms that are packed to capacity, where they have to fight just to get a teacher's attention. And too many teachers are spending time on crowd control instead of spending time on curriculum.  Over the years, major studies have found that smaller classes boost student achievement. The STAR study found that students in small classes--those with 13 to 17 students--significantly outperform other students in math and reading. It also found that students in small classes have better high school graduation rates, higher grade point averages, and they are more inclined to pursue higher education. Certainly those are goals. Every one of us in the Senate Chamber has stated that we want that for our children in our school systems in this country.  Another critical study, the Wisconsin SAGE study, consistently proved that smaller classes result in significantly greater student achievement.  Just two months ago, in March, we got more good news. Dr. Alan Krueger of Princeton University found there are long-term social benefits of being in a smaller classroom, including better scores on standardized tests, a higher propensity to take college entrance exams, a lower teen pregnancy rate, and possibly a lower crime rate for teens.  Those are the types of benefits we want for every one of our students. But you do not need research to know that smaller classes help. Just talk to parents or teachers or talk to the students themselves.  I have been in classrooms where this funding has reduced overcrowding. It makes a difference. I recently received an e-mail from Kristi Rennebohm Franz. Kristi teaches at Sunnyside Elementary School. I also should mention that Kristi is one of our best educators. She received a Milken National Teacher's Award. She received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Teaching Elementary Science, and the Peace Corps World Wise Schools Paul D. Coverdell Award for Excellence in Education. Those are some of Kristi's credentials.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that her entire letter be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  