 President, we all want to improve education. In the last few years we have made a lot of progress. In fact, thanks to our commitment at the Federal level, local schools have now hired about 34,000 new highly qualified teachers.  Because of our investment over the last 3 years, almost 2 million students are learning in less crowded classrooms today. That is because of the Federal commitment we have had. Those kids are learning the basics. They have fewer distractions and fewer discipline problems. Isn't that what we want for all of our kids?  Over the last 3 years we have done the responsible thing by supporting what works. But the underlying bill, despite the rhetoric you have just heard, takes a very different approach. It breaks our commitment to investing in smaller classes. I can tell you as a parent, as a former educator, and as a former school board member, it is the wrong way to go. We should be building on our progress. That is why I am offering this amendment today.  In just a few hours we are going to vote on this amendment. So I want to talk about some of the arguments we have heard throughout the debate last week and today and probably we will hear more of today.  First, we have heard that smaller classes do not really make a difference. Let me tell you, any parent or any teacher knows better. The first questions parents ask their kids when they come home from school on the first day in September are: Who is your teacher? And how many kids are in your classroom? Parents know it makes a difference on how many kids are in that classroom as to whether their child is going to have a successful year or not.  It is not just parents and it is not just teachers. Research, over and over again, has shown us that smaller classes help children succeed. The Tennessee Project STAR--Student/Teacher Achievement Ratio--study has consistently demonstrated that reducing class sizes in K-3 to 13 to 17 students significantly increases children's reading and mathematics scores. And the biggest gains have been found for poor and minority students--those children who are most in danger of being left behind.  Studies have shown that the children in those smaller classes in the early grades were: More likely to take college entrance exams, more likely to finish high school, more likely to enroll in college, less likely to become teen parents, and less likely to go to jail.  In the last month two new studies that have been released interpreting the STAR study have concluded that smaller classes produce significant benefits. One joint study by researchers from Tennessee State University and the University of Chicago found significant increases in ninth grade math test scores among students who had spent their early grades in smaller classes, with the gains even more pronounced among minority students.  Robert Reichardt, a researcher with Mid-continent Research for Educationand Learning, concluded in yet another study that class size reduction ``provides policymakers with a direct lever for influencing classrooms'' and is one of a few policies that ``offer such immediate concrete effects.''  As in Project STAR, students participating in Wisconsin's SAGE class-size reduction effort outperformed their counterparts in larger classrooms on standardized tests.  Again, as in the other studies, these benefits were strongest among African American students who had larger gains than their white counterparts.  So not only can smaller class size help raise student achievement overall, but reduced class size may be an especially effective measure for closing the ``achievement gap'' between black students and white students.  Let me turn to a second argument we have heard. I keep hearing that Federal money should not be targeted for a specific purpose such as making classrooms less crowded.  I remind all of my colleagues that in this underlying bill we have targeted money for many causes, including reading, technology, afterschool programs, school safety, and charter schools and magnet schools.  In fact, there are more than 20 targeted funding streams in the underlying bill.  If targeted funding were really the problem, and why we should vote against this amendment, then those who vote against my class size amendment ought to vote against the entire bill.  Some have said we should just let school boards choose how to use this money. But that really ignores the realities local school boards face. I served on a local school board. I know what it is like to try to set aside money to hire new teachers for the foreseeable future when you do not even know if a school bond is going to pass next month. That is one of the reasons it is so hard for local schools to hire new teachers to reduce overcrowding on their own.  Fortunately, because of the work we have done in the last 3 years, today they are not on their own. They have a Federal partner to help them make that critical investment. We need to continue that commitment.  The truth is, the underlying bill would pit two key elements of good schools against one another: Small classes and good teachers. Under this bill, any dollar that local schools decide to spend on smaller classes comes at the expense of a dollar spent on teacher quality. We should not make our schools choose between two priorities that are important; we should fund both.  This kind of ``false flexibility'' that we see in this underlying bill would be unacceptable in most other arenas. Do we make our military choose between weapons and training? Of course not. We know both are necessary to protect our Nation. Do we make a sick patient choose between food and medicine? Of course not, because we know both are necessary.  Why then, in this underlying bill, are we forcing our schools to choose between high-quality teachers and smaller classes when we know both are necessary to help our children learn?  In their zeal to assail small classes, some people have even claimed that a good teacher is more important than a small class size. Let me say this as clearly as I can: Small classes and good teachers are both important. The importance of funding teacher quality should not crowd out funding for other important reforms such as smaller classes.  I also point out that smaller classes can help us recruit and retain good teachers. One of the main reasons that teachers leave the classroom is job dissatisfaction. The truth is, we are losing a lot of teachers very early in their careers. After 1 year of teaching, we lose 11 percent of our new teachers; after 2 years, we lose 21 percent of them; and after 5 years, it is now up to 39 percent.  Why are we losing teachers out of our classrooms? Studies have shown that one of the main reasons is job dissatisfaction. One of the main causes of job dissatisfaction: Overcrowded classes. Another top complaint: Student discipline. We know there are fewer discipline problems in smaller classes. We need to keep good teachers in our classrooms. That means we ought to invest in teacher quality. But it also means we should reduce overcrowding to encourage more good teachers to stay in our classrooms and give their students their best.  This is not just about statistics. The other day in this Chamber I read an excerpt from a letter sent to me by an award-winning teacher from Pullman, WA. Kristi wrote to me that she is very frustrated. Every day she tries to give her students her best, but with large classes that is getting harder and harder. Kristi is a great teacher. She is a national award-winning teacher.  She is asking us to help her be the kind of ``high-quality'' teacher we say we want for every child by giving her a class small enough for every child to get the attention they need.  Dedicated teachers such as Kristi spend their lives helping our children to learn. We reward them with working conditions that none of us would tolerate.  Fourth, some on the other side have said we should focus our reform efforts on testing and accountability. The truth is that this amendment is even more essential because of the testing and accountability provisions in the underlying bill. This bill could punish students for failing tests, but it does not give them the tools they need to pass those tests.  Implying that testing is some kind of magic bullet that will somehow turn around low-performing schools is simplistic. The truth is far more complex. Testing is just one of many tools, and it is useless by itself. Tests can identify problems but without the support to solve those problems, tests have little value. Tests alone cannot improve a student's achievement, but give that student a smaller class and a good teacher, and the sky is not even a limit for his or her potential success.  I want all of us to think about that. No test is going to help a student learn to read or learn to write or learn to add. A smaller class and a qualified teacher will.  We can take a classroom of students and give them tests every day for 10 years, and those kids won't do better unless they have a qualified teacher in a classroom that is not overcrowded, where they get the individual attention they need to learn.  Let's make sure we give those kids the tools they need to pass the test, not just to take the test. Let's invest in what works. Our schools are facing bigger challenges than they ever have before. They are educating more students, and more students with special challenges are filling our classrooms such as children with limited English proficiency and disabilities. They are educating them to meet higher standards and succeed in an increasingly complex world.  We know many schools need to do a better job. Schools need to be held accountable and teachers need to be held accountable. But in Congress, we must also be held accountable for meeting our responsibilities as a Federal partner to our schools. Believe me, if we pass this bill without guaranteed funding for things such as smaller classes and with huge unfunded testing mandates, we will be held accountable.  Finally, I will mention something we did not hear from the other side but is at the heart of what is going on in the bill. We did not hear this new funding scheme that is in the underlying bill described as a block grant. That is exactly what it is. The reason it is not called a block grant is because parents know that block grants offer less accountability, less focus on things that work, and in the end less funding. So instead of calling it a block grant, they now call it ``a funding pool.''  Parents don't want pools of funding. They want commonsense investments that make a difference, such as smaller classes and decent facilities. We have heard a lot of excuses. We have heard a lot of rhetoric. The only thing that will matter when this debate is done is how the students in Kristi's classrooms and thousands of classrooms across our country do next year.  I have shown my colleagues why the arguments that have been raised don't hold up. I close by mentioning some of the reasons we should target these dollars to smaller classes.  Parents know better than to believe the false rhetoric about smaller classes not helping children learn. Smaller classes result in more individual attention for students and better student performance on assessments. Theyproduce long-lasting academic benefits such as lower dropout rates and more students taking college entrance exams and long-lasting social benefits such as less teen pregnancy and incarceration. Rhetoric about choice and flexibility will not go very far when parents ask us why class sizes went back up. The reasons we need a guaranteed funding stream for class size reduction are clear.  In closing, I urge my colleagues to invest in the things that work. As local schools across the country try to make progress in the face of growing challenges, let's give them the tools they need to succeed.  