 President, after carefully considering the record and statements of Gale Norton, nominee for Secretary of Interior, I am voting to confirm her nomination today. I have serious concerns about many of the land use and conservation policies Ms. Norton has promoted in the past, and my vote is in no way a confirmation of these policies. However, after a lengthy discussion with Ms. Norton, she has pledged to work closely with me on the issues that affect Washington state.  We discussed many of Washington's challenges, including the Hanford Ranch, Elwha dams, salmon recovery, habitat conservation plans, and funding for Interior programs. In our conversation, I assured Ms. Norton that if she threatens Washington's interests she will find in me a strong and persistent opponent. I will speak out from the Senate floor and use my position on the Appropriations Committee to challenge any initiatives or spending proposals that don't meet Washington's needs. If the Interior Secretary seeks to roll back important policy initiatives, I will defend my state with every authority available to me. President Bush wants Gale Norton to manage the Department of Interior. I will hold President Bush accountable for his policies and budget decisions.  I believe it's important to leave the door open for discussion, and I trust that Gale Norton will reach out to work with Senator Cantwell and me on Northwest issues. Given her pledge to work with me and her promises during the confirmation process, I'm voting for Gale Norton with the understanding that we will have a seat at the table on the policies and budgets that will affect us.  Washington state has many environmental challenges. We have the responsibility for recovering endangered species, including salmon, bulltrout, sturgeon, the spotted owl, and the marbled murrelet. The Department of the Interior plays a crucial role in protecting these species on federal lands. If the department does a good job of protecting these species, less of a recovery burden will fall to private property owners. In addition, we must also fund land and forest conservation efforts.  The next Interior Secretary will need to develop innovative partnerships that include federal, state, local, and tribal governments, along with private property owners and businesses. It is particularly important in Washington state that the Interior Secretary works closely with tribal governments and treats them as equals. Further, I call on Ms. Norton to fill critical posts, including the Director of the U.S. Fish and wildlife Service, with appointees who are familiar with the unique environmental needs of the Pacific Northwest.  I do want to address President Bush's proposal to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR) to drilling, a proposal Ms. Norton supports. During the past eight years, I've consistently opposed drilling in ANWR, which the Bush Administration considers a high priority. I remain very skeptical of our ability to drill without threatening or disrupting this pristine area, and I will continue to share my concerns with the Bush Administration.  Throughout the past eight years, we have made great progress in protecting the environment and preserving natural resources while maintaining resource-dependent industries. We need to continue our progress in this fragile balance. Now is not the time to undo the environmental progress made under previous Administrations. Now is the time to look ahead, to work together, and to find creative solutions to the many problems still facing our nation. I look forward to working together with Ms. Norton in the months ahead.  