  Madam President, I rise today to support the Durbin amendment that will protect our national monuments from energy exploration. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this important amendment, and I thank Senator Durbin from Illinois for his work and tremendous efforts on behalf of our national heritage and our national monuments.  The truth is, we should not need an amendment to protect our country's national monuments from energy exploration. These unique landscapes, including the Hanford Reach National Monument in my home State of Washington, were designated as national monuments because they are important in their own right and they deserve to be protected.  We should not need an additional amendment to keep oil derricks out of these lands, but unfortunately that is where we find ourselves today. The Bush administration has proposed exploring for energy even in our national monuments.  When I go home every weekend and talk to my friends and neighbors and go to the grocery store, my constituents come up to me and ask: Is nothing sacred anymore? Drilling in our national monuments is just wrong. This amendment says the Federal Government should not promote energy exploration on our most precious lands, on our heritage.  I recognize the need to find new sources of energy. The Federal Government has always actively promoted the extraction of new energy resources. This can and will continue. During the Clinton administration, thousands of new drilling permits were actually issued for Federal lands. Since the early 1980s, the projection of naturalgas on Federal lands has been increasing steadily. Efforts to find energy on our Federal lands must continue. But attempts to find energy in our national monuments must never begin.  Today, 95 percent of Bureau of Land Management lands in the Western States are open to coal, oil, and gas leasing. We do not need to open up our national monuments, as well. I realize this is a challenging time because we are facing an energy crisis. In my home State of Washington, we are experiencing dramatic rate increases because of the many factors involved, including a drought and too little energy production and a spike in gas prices.  Thousands of my constituents are out of work because of high energy costs. No one needs to tell anyone in Washington State we have to increase energy production. We know we need to increase capacity and that is what we are doing. We are working to site new generation capacity. On the Oregon and Washington border, we are constructing the country's largest wind farm. We have natural gas plants going up. We have a proposal for a coal-fired plant. We are upgrading our transmission system to deliver new generation supplies.  We know what we need to do and we are taking action. But we know we don't need to drill for natural gas in our national monuments.  The Hanford Reach National Monument is a national treasure. It includes the last free-flowing stretch of the Columbia River. It is the most productive spawning ground for threatened salmon in the entire Columbia River Basin. It is home to threatened sage grouse and 2 plant and 40 insect species that are brand-new to science.  The monument also includes and borders important historic and cultural features. The area is rich in important Native American, early pioneer, and nuclear production history. The Hanford Reach National Monument may be the most unique monument in the entire country.  I have heard some people suggest that the national monument designations made by President Clinton were made too quickly, without public involvement, and without consideration of energy production values. That is simply not true. I have been working since my first year in the Senate, 9 years ago, to protect the Hanford Reach. I introduced legislation in the previous three Congresses to protect that area. We held numerous public meetings, we got lots of local input from local leaders, local folk, and we debated a lot of different proposals.  The administration had 8 years of knowledge developed by the consideration of various protection proposals. The plans considered irrigation, farming, and the potential for gas outside the monument's boundaries. The plan considered commercial development of lands by ports and cities. In fact, the final designation even included a provision ensuring a new right-of-way for energy transmission lines to go across the Hanford Reach. All of those considerations helped define the final boundaries of that national monument. So for some to suggest now that we never thought about our future energy needs is just plain wrong.  In the end, the final decision was that the ecological and historical values of the Hanford Reach merited protection as a national monument. We knew what we were doing by that designation. We knew we were choosing to protect the unique and vital habitats. We knew we were honoring important cultural sites, and we intended to leave this legacy to future generations.  Protecting certain areas for generations to come is an admirable goal. These designations were made after full consideration. This Congress should not now in any way undermine those legacies in favor of the energy industry. We should not have to fight back these attacks on our very limited protected lands.  I believe we should preserve these ecological and historic treasures for future generations. These lands belong to all of us. We are responsible for protecting them. That is why the Durbin amendment is so important. I urge my colleagues to support it.  I thank my colleague from Illinois.  