 President, I come to the floor today to talk about the Harkin-Kennedy-Murray amendment which I understand will be offered shortly. That amendment is going to provide the kind of investment that we need to make if we truly want to leave no child behind. It is a noble goal, and it is one that all of us should endorse. I am glad President Bush has focused on it.  Unfortunately, President Bush's budget that is before us today squanders this opportunity to ensure no child is left behind in favor of an irresponsible tax cut. Putting America's future first means putting our children first. But the sad truth is, this budget shortchanges America's students. This budget focuses on tax cuts for the few, at the expense of our children's education. We cannot ask America's students to wait in line behind a few wealthy Americans for the support they need to succeed.  I have come to the floor to support the amendment that will be offered today to ensure that all students get the educational resources they deserve. The Republicans are claiming that they provide a significant increase for education funding. I have to tell you, in looking at this budget, I am unable to find that ``significant'' increase. Instead, it is clear to me that this budget jeopardizes our ability to maintain critical priorities like education.  Under this budget, the actual amount of funds available for schools, colleges, and students will only increase by about $2.5 billion, which is 5.9 percent. That is less than half of the average yearly increase Congress has provided in each of the last 5 years.  At a time when we are--and should be--demanding more than ever from our schools, we must now slow down the Federal investment in our schools, we must not go back on our commitment to help reduce class sizes, we must not do away with support for emergency repairs and renovations, and we must not continue to shirk our responsibility to disadvantaged students and to students with disabilities.  Setting a high bar is important, but setting a high bar and failing to give kids the resources to succeed is just setting them up for failure. I want to take a moment to highlight some of the ways I believe this budget fails our country.  Across our country, parents are asking us to reduce overcrowding in classrooms. They know this is a critical step in ensuring every child learns the basics in a disciplined environment. This Republican budget freezes our class size progress. Teachers are asking for more help mastering the best ways to teach our children. They know they cannot rely on skills they learned 10, 20, or 30 years ago. This Republican budget freezes our progress in improving teacher quality.  Students are asking for schools where they can feel safe and secure. Certainly we have an obligation to provide that. But this Republican budget freezes our school safety progress.  Parents are asking for afterschool programs so their children won't get into trouble or become victims of violence after the school bell rings. This Republican budget freezes afterschool programs.  Teachers and students are asking for school buildings that are modern, are up to code, and provide a safe and healthy learning environment. This Republican budget freezes our ability to help communities modernize their aging schools.  The American people are asking for a stronger commitment to the things that make a difference in children's education, and the Republicans are so busy trying to fund an irresponsible tax cut that they aren't listening.  This budget freezes our progress. That is why we will offer this amendment later. It will provide the resources parents, teachers, and students are asking for.  It will ensure more children start school ready to learn, that we continue our bipartisan initiative to improve student achievement and teaching by hiring 100,000 fully qualified teachers to reduce the average size of classes in the early grades. It will provide critical assistance for emergency school repairs and renovation, and will help our local districts ensure there is a high quality teacher in every classroom. It will meet our obligations to children with disabilities and disadvantaged students, and will allow communities to offer more afterschool programs to keep our children safe and learning. It will also help more Americans afford college.  To justify an irresponsible tax cut, the President keeps talking about an enormous surplus. But when people from my home State come to see me, they ask an important question: How can there be a surplus when we still haven't paid our bills on full funding for IDEA, title I, impact aid, or 100,000 new teachers? I agree with them. I am glad that the amendment we will offer will help to ensure that we pay those bills.  With the projected surplus, our country has the opportunity to make important choices as we begin this new century. Are we going to make the investment in education that all our children deserve? Or are we going to give deep tax cuts to just a few?  Are we going to let our children continue to go to school in overcrowdedclassrooms, in crumbling school buildings, with underpaid, inadequately prepared teachers? Or will we rise to the occasion and make the choice to invest in our children's future?  We know what the needs are out there. We know what works to help our children succeed. We just need the will of the Members of this Congress to stand up and put the money where their mouths are.  Parents, teachers, students, and community leaders are saying: Don't just talk about the importance of funding education. Make the tough choices to show the American public that education is truly a priority of their elected officials.  That means giving our local school districts the resources they need to provide a first rate education to every student in this country by supporting the Harkin-Kennedy-Murray amendment.  I urge my colleagues, when this amendment is proposed, to vote yes for our children and our grandchildren and for their future.  Mr. President, I thank my colleague for yielding me time.  