  I am extremely concerned for our country, for our military and, of course, for my own home State. In my home State, we have Fairchild Air Force Base which is home to the 92nd Air Refueling Wing. There are approximately 60 air refueling tankers that are based at that base outside of Spokane, WA.  I have been to Fairchild. I have visited personally with the families. I know the difficult missions these crews handle for each one of us every day, and I have the utmost respect for what they do.  I should also mention, in September some of these crews and these tankers were deployed in our military effort. So when the Air Force tells me, and they have told us, and tells Congress, and they have told Congress, that replacing the old KC-135 tankers is critical, I know it is important and my constituents know it is important. My State is home to Boeing, which would build the tanker replacements.  My friend from Arizona suggests the Senate should reject this proposal simply because it would benefit the manufacturer of the planes. Well, that argument ignores the facts. These tankers are the oldest planes in our fleet. They cost a fortune to maintain and they are often down for repairs. Since September 11, we rely on them more than before. We are going to have to replace these aging tankers anyway, and if we do it now, we will save at least $5.9 billion in maintenance and upgrades on these antiquated tankers. This is something the Air Force has been concerned about for years.  It is clear we need to take immediate action to upgrade our overburdened tanker fleet, but do not take my word for it. Listen to what the Secretary of the Air Force, James Roche, wrote to me: The KC-135 fleet is the backbone of our Nation's global reach, but with an average age of over 41 years, coupled with the increasing expense required to maintain them, it is readily apparent we must start replacing these critical assets.  He ends: I strongly endorse beginning to upgrade this critical warfighting capability with the new Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.  That is from the Air Force Secretary, James Roche.  Will this help the people of my State? Absolutely. Because of the layoffs at Boeing since September 11 and the slowdown of our economy, my State now has the highest unemployment of any State in this Nation. The people I represent are hurting, and I am going to do everything I can to help them.  This is not just about my State. Every State involved in aircraft production will benefit. Even the home State of my friend from Arizona would stand to gain if this program moves forward. It is in our national interest to keep our only commercial aircraft manufacturer healthy in tough times, to keep that capacity, and to keep that skill set.  The Air Force has identified this as a critical need. Our ability to project force, to protect our shores, and to pursue terrorists in Afghanistan and around the world depends on our fighter aircraft and bombers being able to stay in the air for long periods of time, and that is only possible through in-flight refueling.  Right now in the Afghanistan campaign, we rely on air refueling tankers known as KC-135s. In fact, since September 11, our use of these tankers is up significantly. We rely on these tankers to refuel our fighters over Afghanistan. We rely on them to refuel our B-2 and B-52 bombers on long-range missions. We rely on them to refuel the planes that view our troops in the region. Right now, in the skies over this Capitol Building and cities across America, we are relying on them to refuel the planes that are flying combat air patrols for homeland security.  There are very real problems with our existing fleet of tankers. They are old. The KC-135s were first delivered in 1957. On average, they are 41 years old, and we are paying for it. They have been around longer than most of the people who are flying them. These tankers are too expensive to maintain. A 41-year-old aircraft runs on parts that are not commercially available. Corrosion is a significant problem. In fact, KC-135s spend 400 days in major depot maintenance every 5 years.  This is an essential program. We will save $5.9 billion in upgrade and maintenance costs. By moving forward with this program, we can save $5.9 billion. These numbers come not from me but from the U.S. Air Force.  This is a longstanding need, and it is made even more urgent by 9-11. I want to be clear. This is a serious need that was identified by the U.S. Air Force long before September 11. It is not a new idea, but given the ongoing war and the new challenges we face with homeland security, it is clear we need to speed up the procurement process because relying on these planes is what we are doing after September 11. We have worked hard for these provisions.  I commend the Senator from Alaska and the Senator from Hawaii, who are managing this bill, who have worked long and hard hours to come together with an agreement on the critical replacement of these KC-135s with the new tankers. I thank Senator Conrad and Senator Domenici, the chair, and ranking member of our Budget Committee, who have worked long and hard also. I recognize my colleague from Washington, Senator Cantwell, who, too, has spent many hours sitting in Senators' offices explaining to them the need both from the Air Force and from our home State.  This is a critical program. It is the right way to do it. We have worked out a consensus among everyone who moves this program forward and, most importantly, it is for the men and women who serve us in the Air Force.  When I go home when this session is over, and I go to one of our Air Force bases in my home State of Washington, I want to be able to look in the eyes of those young men and women we are sending a continent away to defend and protect all of us and say we have doneeverything we can to make sure they are safe when they are in the air. That is what this provision does.  When the Senator from Arizona offers his amendment, I hope my colleagues remember the men and women who are serving this country.  