 President, today I am pleased to offer an amendment to the fiscal year 2002 Defense Authorizations bill improving upon a land transfer included in the fiscal year 2001 Defense Authorizations bill. Last year, I worked to include language transferring the 22 acre Mukilteo Tank Farm from the United States Air Force to the Port of Everett, Washington. The Port, in cooperation with the City of Everett, the City of Mukilteo, the Washington State Department of Transportation, Sound Transit, and the Washington State Ferry System, plans to redevelop the site to include a new ferry terminal, commuter rail, a marina and enhanced shoreline access. This redevelopment will revitalize Mukilteo and Everett while improving transportation in this area. An important first step in implementing these development plans is for the Air Force to convey this property to the Port of Everett.  For almost 30 years, the 22 acre parcel of land has also been home to the National Marine Fisheries Service's, NMFS', Mukilteo Field Research Facility. Its laboratories are currently housed in old, run-down military barracks. Last year's land transfer legislation did not convey any of the property to NMFS. The agency was concerned that it had lost its chance to own a portion of the 22 acres, and thus to make significant improvements to the site. The facility conducts valuable marine research, which will lead to improved long-term success in protecting and restoring salmon, groundfish and other species in Puget Sound.  I directed the parties involved to reach a mutually agreeable solution. I am very pleased to announce that today's amendment reflects an agreement between the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, NMFS and the Port of Everett. Upon transfer of the 22 aces, the Air Force will convey 1.1 acres to NOAA. After 12 years, any portion of the 1.1 acres not being used by NOAA shall automatically revert to the Port of Everett. In addition, the Secretary of Commerce will have the authority to exchange portions of the 1.1 acres with the Port of Everett should such an exchange be deemed mutually agreeable.  This amendment reflects almost a year of negotiations and hard work on the part of many people within each organization. I would like to thank John Mohr, Executive Director for the Port of Everett, and Donna Darm, Acting Regional Administrator for NMFS in the Northwest Region. I appreciate their outstanding leadership in crafting this agreement. I look forward to continuing to work with the Port of Everett, NMFS and NOAA on this and any other issue that may arise in the future. Congratulations on working out an agreement which, I believe, is in the long-term interest of the community, the state of Washington and the nation.  