 We can fight for these projects in the conference bill with the House committee that has spoken on many of these issues as well. If cloture is not invoked and this bill ends up in an omnibus bill, we will be subject to whatever small amount of money we have left to deal with, and we do not know what that will be, depending on some of the other appropriations bills that go through here.  I tell my colleague from Nevada that I have worked very hard to fund the President's priorities within this bill. In fact, we did much better in the Senate bill than the House did for the President's priorities. Those may well not be part of the final package if we move to an omnibus bill on this.  I agree with the Senator from Nevada; we will likely invoke cloture tomorrow because so many Members have such critical projects that may not be there if we do not move on this bill.  I say to my colleague from Nevada, and to the Presiding Officer of the Senate, it is clear there is one issue that is hanging up this bill at this point, and that is the issue of safety on American highways, that is the issue of whether or not we are going to implement strong safety protections for our constituents across this country in this bill.  Senator Shelby and I have worked very hard in a bipartisan manner to put together strong safety requirements that we believe will ensure that the Mexican trucks under NAFTA that are crossing our border have drivers who are licensed, that have been inspected at their sites, that are not overweight, and we can assure our constituents we have safe roads. We believe the unanimous consent of the Appropriations Committee allowed us to move forward on that.  We believe a number of Members of the Senate agree with those safety provisions and are not willing to doom their projects on a cloture vote over the safety provisions that have been included in this bill. Again, that vote will occur tomorrow and we will see where the votes are. We want to move this bill forward.  I see the Senator from Georgia is here. I do know he has an amendment, and we will hear from him shortly on that, and we will be able to move to a vote on that amendment. I again remind all of our colleagues, if they have amendments, get them to the floor.  