 And I thank the Senator from North Dakota for his tremendous leadership on this issue and for working with us who serve on the Budget Committee in one of the best ways I have ever seen, including, in the process, helping us to understand the true impact of this budget. I really want to let him know how much I appreciate that.  Mr. President, as my colleagues know, the budget resolution before us provides the framework for Federal budget priorities for the coming fiscal year. In fact, this debate and this budget are the most important things the Senate will do this year. The vote we take will have a significant impact on our Nation's ability to meet our challenges and to provide opportunity for America's working families.  But this vote isn't just about what happens to Americans a year from now. It is about what happens to our country generations from now because this budget will have a major impact on the projected surplus and on future budgets.  Over the last 8 years, we learned what a difference a responsible budget can make. We learned it starts with the basics--such as using real numbers and not ``betting the farm'' on rosy projections. We learned that if we invest in the American people and their needs, our country and our economy will also benefit. We learned we need to be fiscally responsible. That means making tough choices and holding the line on deficit spending. And we learned that we have to work together to get things done.  The last 8 years have shown us that if we follow those lessons--using real numbers, investing in people, meeting our needs, being fiscally responsible, and working together--we can turn deficits into surpluses, and we can transform the American economy into a job-creating machine.  Today, there is a new President in office. There is a new Congress. And there are new economic challenges as our economy slows and an energy crisis grows.  Mr. President, the times are different, but the lessons are the same.  This isn't the time to throw away the handbook we have used for the past 8 years. It is time to follow the lessons it offers. Unfortunately, the administration and the Republican leadership are running in the opposite direction. And I fear we are going to repeat the same mistakes of the past--mistakes that we are just now getting over. Let me say that again. The Republican budget ignores the lessons of the last 8 years. Instead of focusing on real numbers and realistic estimates, the Republican budget puts all its faith in projected surpluses that may never materialize.  The things we know so far about this budget are disturbing. We know it is based on surplus estimates that may not come true. We know that it abandons fiscal responsibility in the name of a tax cut primarily benefitting a few. We know that it fails to adequately meet the priorities and needs of the American people and the people of my home State. We know it fails to invest in our future economic security and competitiveness. And we know it fails to eliminate the $5.3 trillion in debt that has accumulated over the past 20 years.  What we already know about this budget is enough to give us pause, but what we don't yet know about this budget is enough to stop it cold. We don't know what the surplus or the overall economy will look like a few years from now. And today there are very real reasons to be concerned. In my home State, and up and down the West Coast, we are experiencing an energy crisis. Gasoline prices are skyrocketing, factories are closing down,and energy bills are up significantly. This energy crisis is having a negative impact on the economy of the country--but this budget resolution and its projections do not take any of that into account.  This budget resolution is also silent on two major Bush proposals: developing an unfettered missile defense system and privatizing Social Security.  Now, what is significant about these announcements is not just that they represent major departures from past policy, but that they came with no price tag. So, we have the President proposing to spend huge sums on these initiatives, but they are not accounted for in the budget proposal, that he presented, nor in the one being considered by this Congress.  Why would we as a country pass a budget that we know is based on shaky projections, that excludes huge bills we know we are going to have to pay, and that forces cuts in vital services just to fund a tax cut that is tilted to just a few? Why are we proceeding down the slippery slope of rosy predictions and fiscal irresponsibility? Frankly, it is because it is the only way this President can pay for his tax cut.  Democrats support a fair tax cut. All of us have been working on that. We want a fair tax cut for middle-class Americans, and we are fighting for an immediate tax rebate that would put an average of $600 in your family's pocket this year. A tax cut is one of the many things Americans deserve, but it is not the only thing. We also deserve a Government that stops corporate polluters, that supports the hiring of more police officers and good teachers, and that strengthens Medicare with a real prescription drug benefit. Americans do deserve to get a tax cut this year. After all, it is our money. But it is also our national debt, our overcrowded classrooms, our prescription drug costs, and our drinking water. And we cannot walk away from those responsibilities.  Finally, this budget does not address the needs of the American people. I want to talk about some of those.  This budget eliminated the amendment that this Senate passed to increase our investment in education. This budget falls short of our targeted debt reduction goals. It fails to give communities the tools they rely on to prepare for natural disasters and to limit their damage. In fact, President Bush's budget eliminated a program called Project Impact, which is a predisaster program that saved lives and prevented damage during the February 28 earthquake that occurred in my home State of Washington.  The President's budget also cut the Federal share of a program that helps communities rebuild after disasters strike. The Senate passed my amendment to restore those vital programs, but this budget resolution took them out.  This budget eliminates the successful community-oriented COPS Program and other law enforcement programs that have helped thousands of communities achieve some of the lowest crime rates in a generation. The police on our streets have worked to restore a measure of safety and security in our communities, and this budget takes away that funding.  This budget also cuts the budget for Eximbank which allows our Nation's industries to compete with highly subsidized foreign competitors. This budget also jeopardizes the Federal class size initiative which has helped school districts hire 40,000 new qualified teachers so our kids can learn in a safe environment.  This budget cuts rural health care initiatives, including telemedicine grants that literally provide a lifeline for remote and underserved areas, and it cuts support to our family farmers who need it now more than ever. This budget does not invest enough in environmental restoration and conservation. It cuts research and development of renewable energy sources and energy conservation efforts.  This budget does not provide adequate funding for veterans programs for which the House and the Senate voted. In fact, both Chambers told the budget conferees to do better than the President's funding level. The Republicans met behind closed doors and stuck us with the President's insufficient number. Not only did the conferees refuse to honor the increases for veterans programs that were approved by both the House and Senate, but they also discarded an amendment that I proudly cosponsored about concurrent receipt. The amendment that was offered by Senator Reid would have allowed our military retirees to collect both their retirement pay and their disability benefits. Today, we single out veterans by denying them these benefits.  The Senate passed an amendment that would have corrected that injustice, but the Republican conferees, behind closed doors, when no one was looking, dropped that critically important provision. America's veterans are big losers in this budget.  To me, that is another example of why this process should have been bipartisan and open from the start. By closing the door on bipartisanship, the conferees have left America's priorities behind.  Let me mention two more: prescription drugs for seniors and the Federal Government's obligation to clean up nuclear waste. On prescription drugs, we all know that the lack of affordable drug coverage is a problem not just for those with low incomes, all seniors and the disabled face the escalating costs of prescription drugs and lack of affordable coverage. This issue did not go away the day after the election. We know that a prescription drug benefit was estimated to cost $153 billion; that was originally. Now estimates show that it will take about twice that amount to provide a real benefit. We know that seniors need an affordable drug benefit that is part of Medicare. The Republican budget that we are looking at does not set aside enough money to provide that budget and that benefit. That is a promise all of us made in the last several years.  Let me turn to another example. This budget reduces the Federal Government's responsibility for the cleanup of nuclear materials and waste. In Washington State, we face a tremendous challenge of cleaning up the Hanford Nuclear Reservation. Hanford cleanup has always been a nonpartisan issue, and I hope we can keep it that way. There were some press reports back in February that the Bush budget was going to cut these important critical cleanup funds. I talked to the White House budget Director, Mitch Daniels. He assured me there would actually be an increase in funding for the Hanford cleanup.  The President's proposed budget cut the nuclear cleanup program, which is assumed, by the way, in this conference report, and that would make it very difficult to meet the Federal Government's legal operations in this area. Any retreat from our cleanup commitment will result in a legal action by the State of Washington. To avoid that and to meet our legal obligations to clean up the Hanford Nuclear Reservation, we need an increase of approximately $330 million. The price of America's victory in World War II and the cold war is buried in underground storage tanks and in facilities, and we have a responsibility, both morally and legally, to clean it up. That is not in the budget we are considering.  As you can see, this budget leaves a lot of American priorities behind. It takes rosy projections. It leaves out major bills we know will come due, and it puts a squeeze on hard-working families. We can do a lot better.  We ought to be working together to come up with a proposal that is fair and balanced, that meets the needs of the American people.  This administration came to town and promised to restore bipartisanship and promised to reach across party lines to meet the challenges of governing. This budget doesn't do that. As a member of the joint House-Senate conference committee, I can tell my colleagues, Senator Conrad and I were not invited to that table. We were told our presence was not necessary. This partisan, back room dealing spells disaster for the entire budget process. Adoption of this budget resolution is only the first step in a lengthy budget process. It is far too early for this bipartisanship to break down now.  I am really disappointed in the decision to ignore many of the bipartisan amendments that were adopted in the Senate. As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I fear this kind of partisan tone will make past budget battles pretty mild.  We have learned a lot about responsible budgeting over the last 8 years. Ithink those lessons are being ignored in this budget resolution. I fear that it is going to put us on the road to repeating the same costly mistakes of yesteryear.  I urge my colleagues to reject this budget agreement. I hope we can sit down and work on a budget agreement that is bipartisan and that works for the needs of the American people.  