 President, I thank the chairman of the Commerce Committee for bringing this bill to the floor. Aviation security is a critical measure. I agree with the Senator that we have to do this right and we need to pass this bill. It is critical. It is critical to the American public that we bring this bill up, move it forward, and get it passed, and reassure our constituents in the country that air travel is safe because we have done our part as well.  I have come to the floor to speak on behalf of the more than 100,000 American workers who are now facing layoffs as a result of much of what has happened in the last month. For weeks, these workers have been waiting for this Senate to pass a workers assistance package, and today we finally have an amendment on the floor to help them. I have come to the floor to speak on behalf of that amendment and encourage its immediate passage.  For many of our workers, the clock is ticking. In fact, this Friday, 10,000 Boeing workers are going to receive notice that they are going to lose their jobs. They are very concerned about how they are going to feed their families, get health care, and how they are going to pay their mortgages. They need the Senate to take action.  Just look at the layoffs that have been announced so far. On September 15, United Airlines announced it was laying off 20,000 workers. On the same date, Continental announced it was laying off 12,000 workers. On September 17, US Airways announced it was laying off 11,000 workers. On September 18, the Boeing Company announced up to 30,000 layoffs. On September 19, American Airlines announced 20,000 layoffs. On September 26, Delta announced another 13,000 layoffs. These aren't just layoffs; these are people--people with families, people who are in our communities, people who are very frightened and insecure about their future. They are workers who are losing their jobs every day, and they need our help.  In my home State of Washington, we are really feeling the impact because of these layoffs in the aviation and aerospace industry. The Boeing Companyplans to lay off 30,000 employees, as I said: That is 30 percent of its workforce. By the Christmas holiday season, I will have at least 10,000 of my constituents out of work. And it is not just Boeing; hundreds of suppliers across the Nation will be impacted as well.  The clock is ticking. This Congress has still not passed a workers assistance package. I urge my colleagues to support the Carnahan amendment so we can help those workers. Congress, as we all know, has taken care of the airlines by passing $15 billion in assistance. I supported that package because it was the right thing to do. Getting the airlines back up and running quickly helped us avoid further layoffs.  We have also recognized that we have a responsibility to help the many workers who are losing their jobs through no fault of their own. So far, this Congress has not provided any help for the 110,000 airline workers and their families who will be laid off or the 30,000 Boeing workers who will be laid off. These workers have to put food on the table; they need to make car payments and pay their rent or their mortgage. They are losing their jobs, and they need our help. The Carnahan amendment will help them.  In fact, these efforts are even more important today given the underlying problems we are having with the U.S. economy. Before September 11, our economy was teetering on the edge of recession. Unemployment is currently at 4.9 percent, and that is the highest level in over 4 years. Some economists are now predicting that unemployment will reach 6.5 percent by the middle of next year. Every one of us will have families in our States who will be impacted by this.  Even worse, these economic problems are affecting workers in all of the related industries, and we have heard from them--the travel agents, hotel and restaurant employees, caterers, car rental companies, and many more; the slide will keep moving. We are now working with the Senate and the House on a stimulus package that is intended to help our broader economy. Some predict the pricetag will be as high as $75 billion.  I want to make sure we meet the needs of the men and women, the moms and dads, who are facing layoffs right now. We need to adopt the Carnahan amendment to assist our displaced workers.  The amendment will provide an additional 20 weeks of cash payments to airlines and aircraft manufacturing employees who lost jobs directly as a result of September 11. For individuals who are laid off but who do not qualify for State unemployment assistance, our bill will provide unemployment benefits for 26 weeks. This will mean so much to those who are very worried about losing their homes and feeding their families in the coming weeks and months. Our amendment will also provide worker training benefits for laid-off employees and for those threatened by layoffs, so that they are better equipped and more confident and can find a new job as we see the economy and where it develops in coming years.  Finally, this amendment will provide 12 months of COBRA health insurance payments for our affected workers. This is really critical for our families who need to know that their loved ones are not losing their health care along with their jobs. No one in our country should live with that fear right now.  I urge my colleagues to adopt this much-needed amendment. The clock is ticking, and these workers facing layoffs cannot wait. We have to move forward and get these workers the help and give them the confidence they need now. I urge our colleagues to vote for this workers assistance package, to move the underlying bill and do what we need to do to get this economy back on track so that our country can be confident again.  I yield the floor.  