 President, I rise today to submit with Senator Warner and 27 original cosponsors a resolution that establishes October 17, 2001, as a ``Day of National Concern About Young People and Gun Violence.'' I wish to express my appreciation to Senator Warner in joining me again by shepherding this resolution on his side of the aisle. I thank him for his assistance and support.  The need for this resolution could not be more clear. Every year, our Nation loses too many young lives to school shootings and other acts of gun violence. These tragedies leave lasting scars on families and communities. The Senate must actively combat this violence and work to address the concerns of families and communities throughout our nation who worry about the safety of their children.  I am introducing this resolution again because I firmly believe that we must involve our children and young people in working to end gun violence. This resolution establishes a special day that gives young people the opportunity to examine how they can help reduce gun violence that targets their peers. Additionally, this special day promotes the Student Pledge Against Gun Violence, an important avenuethrough which young people can empower themselves and their friends to take action against these tragedies.  The pledge was developed by Mary Lewis Grow, a Minnesota homemaker. Students who take the pledge agree to never bring a gun to school, to never use a gun to resolve a conflict, and to encourage their friends to do the same. Last year, more than 2.4 million students signed the pledge. The pledge has received national support from such prominent organizations as the National Parent Teacher Association, the National School Boards Association, and the American Medical Association. It is entirely appropriate that the Senate lend its powerful voice to this chorus.  Just imagine how many young people would still be alive today if every student in America had signed, and lived up to, the pledge. Imagine how much safer children would feel as they go to school each day. Imagine how much happier parents would feel if they knew that their children would not be endangered as they tried to learn. It is clear that if the Senate's support can convince more young people to sign the pledge, and prevent even one more gun from coming to a school, then we have taken a step in the right direction.  The Senate must continue to be active in addressing crime in many ways. We must pass strong and effective anticrime legislation that gets criminals off the streets. And we should, through supporting legislation and by example, help parents spend more time with their children and get communities to reach out to those young people who have no one to care for them.  Reducing and ending youth violence will certainly not be easy. But by passing this resolution, we take an important step in the right direction. Let us join with teachers, administrators, parents, and community members around the Nation in working to empower our young people. Let us encourage all of our children to be active in reducing gun violence. By working together, we can make America safer and can secure a better future for all of our Nation's youth.  