 President, I rise to thank Senator Harkin for his work on this amendment.  I've supported this proposal in a free-standing bill, and today I'm proud to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan amendment. And as an appropriator, I have special concerns I want to share.  We agree as a country that we need to work together, in partnership at the Federal, State, and local levels, to make sure that students with special needs get the support to succeed.  Under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, IDEA, the Federal Government is supposed to provide 40 percent of the average per student costs. But we all know that the Federal Government has not paid its share.  This amendment will make sure the Federal Government meets its obligation to support special education. This amendment will bring us to full funding in 6 years.  This amendment also has another important advantage. By moving IDEA funding from the discretionary side to the mandatory side, we will free up about $7.1 billion for education. That money can be used to pay for the costs the underlying bill imposes on States.  As I have mentioned before, the underlying bill creates a number of expensive, and unfunded, mandates on States in areas like testing and accountability.  We can not just demand that students pass tests. We have got to give them the tools to pass those tests. But funding all the requirements in this bill will be difficult because of the limits imposed by the President's tax cut.  As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I'm trying to prevent a train wreck. I want to make sure the $7.1 billion freed up by this amendment will go to fund the mandates in this bill. If that does not happen, we will have to fund this bill's requirements at the expense of other priorities such as child care, higher education, and social services.  So we need to pass this amendment because it is the right thing to do for students who have special needs, and we also need to use the money this amendment frees up to bolster our investment in education. That extra money should stay in the classroom.  I have received many letters and e-mail messages about the importance of fully funding IDEA.  I should like to share with my colleagues a letter I received in March from the Yakima School District in Washington State. It is from Superintendent Benjamin Soria and Barbara Greenberg, who is president of district's board of directors.  They write that the Yakima School District serves about 1,800 students with disabilities, about 13 percent of the district's total school population.  Unfortunately, the State of Washington only provides 12.7 percent of funding for special education. And, as we know, the Federal Government is not paying its promised share.  As a result, they write:       The Yakima School District must supplement state and      federal funds for special education with local district      dollars, this year amounting to $850,000.       If the district were to receive full funding as promised by      Congress, it would amount to more than $3 million to be used      to meet the provisions of IDEA as intended 26 years ago.       It is time for Congress to make good on a long overdue      promise.  I received another letter from John Cady from Seattle. John is the parent of a child with a disability.  He writes:       I believe that by investing in the education of our      nation's children, we are enabling individual growth an      productivity that will ultimately lead to financial      independence and an adult life of dignity and self-     fulfillment. The dollars spent on our children in Washington      now are well worth the rewards both they and America will      receive in the long run.  Schools throughout the country are working to help students with special needs reach their full potential. This amendment will help them and will provide additional funding that we should use to support classrooms.  Let's show the educators in Yakima and across the country, and parents like John Cady, that we will fully fund our share of special education.  