 President, I come to the Senate Chamber this evening to join my colleague, Senator Maria Cantwell, in acknowledging four young Americans who lost their lives in service to our country last evening.  Like many Americans, this morning I awoke to the very tragic news that four firefighters had died while battling a wildfire near Winthrop, WA.  Today I want my colleagues and the American people to know the names of those four brave firefighters: Tom Craven, 30 years old, of Ellensburg, WA; Karen Fitzpatrick, 18 years old of Yakima, WA; Devin Weaver, 21, of Yakima; and Jessica Johnson, 19, also from Yakima.  These were young people.  These were people who put themselves in harms way to keep the rest of us safe.  Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the families of those four courageous firefighters.  It's hard to imagine the dangers that firefighters face every day. But they choose to fight fires to help protect the rest of us--our families and our communities.  When something like this happens, it makes all of us stop and think about what they've sacrificed for our safety.  My brother is a firefighter. For years, he fought fires. My family and I understand the risks.  I know how those families feel every day when they send their loved ones off to work.  They are proud of them.  They know they are doing something important for their neighbors and their community.  And they are always hoping they will get back home safely at the end of the day.  This tragedy reminds us all of the dangers that firefighters face every day.  To the families of those four brave young people, please know that we are a grateful nation, and you are all in our thoughts and prayers.  I also want to wish a speedy recovery for the other firefighters who were injured while battling the wildfire.  I want to thank the firefighters in Washington State--and across the country--for the work they do to protect us.  We own them a debt of gratitude.  Today, we owe four families our condolences and our thanks for their sacrifice. I yield to Senator Cantwell from Washington State.  