 President, I rise today in support of comprehensive pipeline safety legislation. I want to especially commend Senator McCain for his strong, personal leadership on this issue. He held hearings on pipeline safety in the last Congress, and he's helped make this legislation a priority here in the Senate. We would not be here today without Senator McCain's leadership.  I first got involved in this issue 20 months ago in the wake of a horrible pipeline explosion in my home State of Washington. On June 10, 1999 in Bellingham, Washington a gasoline pipeline ruptured. Gas poured out of the pipeline and overflowed into Whatcom Creek. Eventually, that gasoline ignited, and it created a massive fireball. The explosion sent a plume of smoke more than 20,000 feet into the air--as you can see in this picture. But most tragic of all, the explosion killed three young people. It shattered a community and inflicted serious environmental damage. Without warning on a quiet summer day, three young people were taken from their families in a tragedy that should never have happened.  After the accident, I spent several months learning about pipelines. I learned that the Office of Pipeline Safety oversees more than 157,000 miles of hazardous liquid pipelines and more than 2.2 million miles of natural gas lines throughout the country. These pipelines run near our schools, our homes, and our communities. They perform a vital service--bringing us the energy we need for cars, airplanes, and home heating. But at the same time, they are not as safe as they could be.  I learned that it's hard for citizens to find out if they live near a pipeline--much less if that pipeline is safe. I learned that many of these pipelines were laid down 30 or 40 years ago, and they are getting old. They're subject to internal corrosion and to external damage. And worst, of all--they may not receive regular inspections. I learned that too many pipeline operators don't have the training they need. And I learned that we're not investing in pipeline safety--both in oversight and in the new technology that will make pipelines safer.  Mr. President, the impact of all of these problems can be seen in the number of pipeline accidents. Between January 1, 1986 and December 31, 1999, there have been more than 5,700 pipeline accidents in this country, 325 deaths, 1,500 injuries, and almost $1 billion in environmental damage. On average there is one pipeline accident every day in this country, and 6 million hazardous gallons are spilled into our environment every year.  As I worked on pipeline safety, I talked to a lot of people. I worked with officials at all levels of government, with industry representatives, environmentalists, state and federal regulators, and concerned citizens.  Last year, I introduced my own pipelines safety legislation. I was pleased when Senator McCain--as Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee--made this issue a priority and held a hearing and a markup on pipeline safety legislation. And many other Senators played key roles--especially Senators Hollings, Bingaman, Inouye, Domenici, Breaux, and Wyden--and also former-senator Slade Gorton. On June 15, our bill passed out of committee.  Then, on August 19, there was another terrible pipeline explosion near Carlsbad, NM. That blast killed 12 people. That horrific accident reminded this Senate that we had to act. As a result, our bill passed the Senate on September 7. Let me review the features of the McCain-Murray bill as passed last year.  To make pipelines safer, our bill improved the qualification and training of pipeline personnel, improved pipeline inspection and prevention practices, expanded the public's right to know about pipeline hazards, raised the penalties for safety violators, enabled States to expand their safety efforts, invested in new technology to improve safety, protected whistle blowers, increased funding for safety efforts by $13 billion, and recognized State citizen advisory committees and allowed for their funding.  This bill--which is again being considered today--was the strongest pipeline safety bill to ever pass either Chamber of Congress. The Senate has clearly made pipeline safety a priority--and we are doing so again this year. Then our bill moved to the House for debate. In the House, it did gather support from a majority of Representatives. Unfortunately, it was brought up for a vote through a procedure that required a two-thirds majority--and it fell short.  Again this year, it is the House of Representatives that must step up to the plate on this issue. That is why I have worked with Washington's congressional delegation--especially Congressman Rick Larsen who represents Bellingham--to develop additional provisions to address some of the concerns expressed by the House last year.  I am proud to report that Congressman Larsen introduced that legislation in the House this week. I also plan on introducing it here in the Senate today so it can become part of the process we use to enact the best legislation. The delegation legislation that Congressman Larsen and I have worked on will improve the McCain bill in several ways.  It will strengthen the provision on employee certification. It will further increase penalties for safety violations. It will improve the community's right to know. And, it will ensure periodic inspections of pipelines.  The strongest pipeline safety bill ever to pass either body of Congress is on the floor of the U.S. Senate right now. A vote yes is a vote for progress--a vote to make pipelines safer. A vote no is a vote for the status quo. A vote no freezes the process. A vote no leaves us exactly where we were when three people were killed in Bellingham and 12 people were killed in Carlsbad.  Are there things we can do to improve this bill? Yes. But we well never get to them unless this bill passes out of the Senate. This bill represents our single best opportunity to make pipelines safer. That's clear from what happened last year. Last year, the Senate passed this bill, and some in the House had problems with it. The improvements will be made--and the differences will be worked out--in the conference process. But we can't get to the conference process until the Senate and the House each pass pipeline safety legislation.  Voting against this bill won't make pipelines safer. Voting for this bill--and making improvements during conference--will make pipelines safer.  Frankly, Mr. President, I expect the bill we're debating today--S. 235--to pass the Senate again this year--as it did last year.  Then--once again--the House will need to pass its own legislation.  At that point, the two bills will be reconciled by a conference committee. That committee's work will be critical.  Ultimately, I hope that the conference committee's final bill will resemble the bill I've been working on with the Washington state delegation.  Mr. President, this isn't the end of our discussion on pipeline safety. In fact, it's just the start and that starting process begins by voting yes for this bill.  Before I conclude, I want to comment on the current energy crisis. It's something that I have spent a lot of time on in the past few months, and it is having a real impact on the people of my State.  I have been listening very closely to President Bush's comments. Among other things, he has suggested streamlining the approval process for installing pipelines. That concerns me.  I recognize that we need to increase our energy generation, but we shouldn't do it at the expense of our safety or our environment. Just because we are having an energy crisis does not mean that the families in Bellingham or Carlsbad will accept a rollback of safety standards.  I hope President Bush will agree that we shouldn't replace our current energy crisis with a pipeline safety crisis. Let me offer four ways President Bush can show his commitment to public safety, The first one is simple. We shouldn't backtrack on safety. Senate bill 235--represents the new minimum of safety standards. President Bush should not send us a proposal that is less stringent than this bill. Let me give you one example. Our bill expands the public's right to know about problems with pipelines and ensure communities and States have a role in pipeline safety.  Last week, I heard about a draft energy plan that President Bush may put forward. It gives the oil and gas industry a guaranteed seat at every meeting on pipeline regulations. However, it provides no guarantee that concerned citizens, local officials or state representatives would be part of the decisionmaking process.  President Bush should not undue the progress we made last year. And I hope he'll show a sensitivity to safety and environmental concerns that have beenabsent from his discussions on this issue to date. Second, President Bush should signal his support of pipeline safety legislation, which I hope will ultimately take the form of him signing a bill into law. Third, President Bush should fund pipeline safety in his budget as a priority. I will be fighting for pipeline safety funding in the upcoming budget debate, and I will hold the administration accountable for its commitment to investing in pipeline safety. Finally, President Bush's Department of Transportation should continue to issue administrative rules to make pipelines safer.  The Clinton administration took several important administrative steps.  They issued safety and environmental regulations that require mandatory safety testing of pipelines in populated areas, in sensitive environmental areas, and along waterways. And at my request, they stationed a pipeline inspector in Washington State. And they agreed to give Washington state more of a role in pipeline inspections. I hope the Bush administration will show the same level of commitment.  So I hope President Bush will reconsider his energy proposal to make sure it will heed the lessons we've learned from so many pipeline accidents. We do need to address our energy needs, but not at the expense of our safety. Let's make pipelines safe first, before we lay down more pipelines. I want to close with one final image. This chart shows where pipeline accidents have taken place between 1984 and 1999. As you can see, pipelines fail in every State.  The states marked in yellow had between 3 and 19 accidents. The states marked in orange had between 20 and 69 accidents. And the states marked in red had 70 or more pipeline accidents. As you can see--most of the States are red. I don't want to have to color more of these States red.  If we learned anything last year, it's that we must not wait for another tragedy to force us to act. We must pass a comprehensive pipeline safety bill this year. This bill represents the start of our efforts in Congress this year, and I will work with anyone who want to make pipelines safer. I know that we can't undo what happened in Bellingham, but we can take the lessons from the Bellingham tragedy and put them into law so that families will know the pipelines near their homes are safe.  