 It is dated July 25. It says:       AAA of Texas is urging Congress to significantly increase      the safety inspections of Mexico-origination trucks before      allowing them unrestricted access to roads in Texas and the      rest of the U.S. as provided under the North American Free      Trade Agreement. Currently, trucks based in Mexico are      allowed to travel up to 20 miles inside the U.S. border.      Under the administration's proposal, Mexico-origination      trucks would be allowed unrestricted access for up to 18      months before audits and safety inspections of the owner's      facilities, drivers and their practices would be conducted.       With more than 1,200 miles of border, more than 70 percent      of the truck traffic in Mexico will travel on Texas roads.      Texas motorists are concerned about the safety of these      trucks and their drivers, said Public and Government Affairs      Manager Anne O'Ryan.       Until recently, Mexico had few safety or enforcement      standards for the vehicles or for the drivers. Department of      Public Safety Officials estimate that half of the short-haul      trucks from Mexico do not meet U.S. safety standards.       The U.S. Department of Transportation reports that more      than 35 percent of trucks from Mexico were taken out of      service for safety violations in 2000. That compares to 24      percent for U.S. trucks and 17 percent for trucks from      Canada. The U.S. Senate is debating a proposal that would      require Mexico origination trucks to meet the same U.S.      safety standards as trucks from Canada. Many of AAA's      suggestions are being considered in the proposal.       AAA has offered the following safety recommendations: On-     site safety audits at the company facility prior to      authorizing their trucks to cross the border; significant      improvements in safety inspections at the border, including      enforcement of U.S. weight limits; adequate resources for      enforcement throughout the United States; adequate and      verifiable insurance on each vehicle; shared tracking of the      company's truck and driver safety records between U.S. and      Mexican authorities; enforcement of safety laws, including      limiting the number of continuous hours spent driving.  I quote from O'Ryan:       The safety of the motoring public should not be risked in      the rush to meet an apparently arbitrary deadline. The Senate      proposal is being debated this week for inclusion in the      Department of Transportation appropriations bill.  These are not my words. They are not the words of Senator Shelby. They are not the words of any Senator. They are the words of the AAA of Texas chapter.  Our opponents have clearly lost the safety debate and, unfortunately, instead of allowing us to move forward with a balanced bipartisan compromise, they have used many parliamentary tactics to slow down this process in hopes of extracting some concessions.  Their approach, I believe, is unfortunate and unsuccessful. I am not here to respond in kind. Their attacks have done a disservice to this important debate on the highway safety issue. I want my colleagues to recognize these insults have been unnecessary and have delayed putting this bill to work for the American people. Opponents held hostage a $60 billion bill that funds transportation solutions in every State because they want to lower safety standards for Mexican trucks.  We can improve free trade and ensure our own safety at the same time. This bill is a balanced and bipartisan compromise. I will turn to some of the specific provisions that have the other side so concerned. They are simple and they make sense. They do not violate NAFTA. Most importantly, they will help keep Americans safe on the highways.  Here is what our bill requires: Mexican trucks only be allowed to cross the border at stations where there are inspectors on duty; our bill requires the Department of Transportation's inspector general to certify border inspection officers are fully trained as safety specialists capable of conducting compliance reviews; further, the administration cannot raid the safety personnel who are working at other areas today just to staff the southern border; that the Department of Transportation perform a compliance review of Mexican trucking firms and that these take place onsite at each firm's facilities; that Mexican truckers comply with pertinent hours of service rules; that the United States and Mexican Governments work out a system where United States law enforcement officials can verify the status and validity of licenses, vehicle registration, operating authority, and proper insurance; that all State inspectors, funded in part or in whole with Federal funds, check for violations of Federal regulations; that all violations of Federal law detected by State inspectors will either be enforced by State inspectors or forwarded to Federal authorities for enforcement action; that the Department of Transportation's inspector general certify there is adequate capacity to conduct a sufficient number of meaningful truck inspections to maintain safety; that proper systems be put in place to ensure compliance with United States weight limits; that an adequate system be established to allow access to data related to the safety record of Mexican trucking firms and drivers; and finally, that the Department of Transportation enact rules on the following points: To ensure that motor carriers are knowledgeable about United States safety standards; to improve training and provide certification of motor carrier safety auditors; to ensure that foreign motor carriers be prohibited from leasing their vehicles to another carrier to transport products to the United States while the firm is subjected to a suspension, restriction, or limitation on rights to operate in the United States; and that the United States permanently disqualify foreign motor carriers that have been found to have operated illegally in the United States.  These are commonsense standards which the President is opposing. These simple, reasonable standards are what those on the other side have used to stall this bill. Senator Shelby and I have spent hours, which have turned into days, and now weeks, trying to find accommodation with the opponents of this provision. Safety opponents seem most upset by the onsite inspection and the insurance requirements, but the truth is these are the same standards we currently follow with Mexico in areas such as food safety.  Let's start with the requirement that American inspectors review the records and conduct onsite inspections in Mexico. Safety opponents want us to believe this is somehow an invasion of Mexico's sovereignty, but there is nothing uncommon about this provision. The trucking records and the facilities are in Mexico. That is where our inspectors need to go if they are going to check. Onsite safety inspections are common in other industries.  In my home State of Washington, we grow the best apples in the world. I know the Presiding Officer may disagree, but I believe we do. They include varieties such as the Red Delicious, the Gala, the Johnny Gold, and the Fuji. We grow these apples in my home State of Washington, and we export them all over the world, including Mexico. Before Mexico will allow the growers in my State to send those apples to Mexican consumers, those apples have to be inspected. Who inspects them? Mexican inspectors. Where are these apples inspected? Onsite, in Washington State. In fact, American apple growers foot the bill for Mexican inspectors to evaluate our fruit in my home State of Washington.  It is not just Washington State. Mexican inspectors are in California, inspecting fruit, checking for pests in crops such as mangoes and avocados.  Today on food safety issues, Mexican inspectors are in the United States conducting onsite investigations in our orchards and on our farms. To the other side, that is OK. But for some reason, when we want our safety inspectors to conduct onsite inspections at Mexican trucking facilities, it is an attack on Mexican sovereignty. On food safety issues, inspectors are in both countries with the full support of both Governments.  Why should traffic safety be any different? How can we argue that we should protect our agricultural interests and neglect the very real safety concerns on America's roadways? How can we protect the food destined for America's children yet leave them vulnerable to unsafe trucks on our roadways?  I turn now to a second issue. Safety opponents do not like the insurance portion of this bill which requires Mexican trucks to carry adequate insurance with an insurer that is licensed to operate in the United States. Our safety opponents have been on the floor saying that is discriminatory. The truth is, Canadian trucks have to follow the same rule today. And evenmore significantly, Mexico requires the same thing of American drivers today. That is right. I invite my colleagues to go to the Web page of the State of Texas Department of Insurance. You will find a special message from the Texas Insurance Commissioner, stating:       If you plan to drive to Mexico, your preparations should      include making sure you have car insurance that will protect      you if you have an accident south of the border. Don't count      on your Texas auto policy for protection.  It goes on:       Mexico does not recognize auto viability policies issued by      U.S. insurance companies. It is important, therefore, to buy      liability coverage from authorized Mexican casualty insurance      companies before driving any distance in Mexico.  Madam President, that applies to trucks, as well. Let me repeat what the State of Texas Insurance Commissioner is warning American drivers:       Mexico does not recognize auto liability policies issued by      U.S. insurance companies. It is, therefore, important to buy      liability coverage from authorized Mexican casualty insurance      companies before driving any distance in Mexico.  Why is it OK for American drivers to be required to get Mexican insurance to drive to Mexico but discriminatory for Mexican drivers to be required to get American insurance when they drive in the United States? The truth is, there is no difference.  On yet another point, the opponents of safety standards lose because what they oppose is already part of our relationship with Mexico and they cannot have it both ways. We have nothing against Mexican truck drivers. Like American truck drivers, they are just trying to earn a living and put food on their family's table. We welcome them to the United States. We want their trucks to be able to share our roads. But we want them to be safe, first, both for our well-being and for their well-being.  Unfortunately, today Mexican trucks are not as safe as American trucks. In fact, there is not even a system in place to check the safety of Mexican drivers. We want to enable Mexico to meet our safety standards, which are the same safety standards Canadian drivers must meet every day.  Right now, Mexican standards are not up to American standards. For example, Mexico has a far less rigid safety regime in place than Canada or the United States. Mexico has no experience with laws restricting the amount of time a driver may spend behind the wheel. The United States and Canada do. Mexico has no experience with logbook requirements as a way to enforce hours of service regulations. The United States and Canada do.  Mexico has no requirement for the periodic inspection of their equipment for safety purposes. The United States and Canada do.  Mexico does not have a fully operational roadside inspection regime to ensure compliance with driver and equipment safety standards. The United States and Canada do.  Mexico does not have adequate data regarding Mexican firms or drivers to guarantee against forged documentation as we do with domestic and Canadian firms.  All of this means that when a Mexican truck crosses the border into the United States, we will have virtually no assurance that those trucks meet U.S. highway safety standards. The proof is in the record. Mexican trucks that cross the U.S. border to legally serve the commercial zone have been ordered off the road by U.S. motor carrier inspectors 50 percent more frequently than U.S.-owned trucks.  Some of my colleagues in the administration think this is just fine. I do not and Senator Shelby does not and a majority of the Senate does not. We as a country have made great strides to improve our highway safety. One of the greatest contributions to highway safety was an initiative by Senator Danforth requiring a uniform commercial driver's license or CDL here in the United States. That requirement came in the wake of numerous horror stories where U.S. truckdrivers had their licenses revoked and then got new licenses in other States so they could continue driving. Jack Danforth put a stop to that. He established a system in the United States where we monitor the issuance of commercial driver's licenses in all 50 States to ensure that multiple licenses are not being issued to the same driver. There is no such system in Mexico. In fact, there is hardly a system at all that allows access to the driving record history of Mexican drivers.  None of us want to learn of a catastrophic truck accident that could have been avoided. For some reason our commonsense safety provisions are being called discriminatory. Under NAFTA, we are entitled to treat Canadian, U.S., and Mexican trucking firms differently based on what we know about the safety risks they represent.  The opponents of this provision are fond of quoting the NAFTA provisions related to national treatment and most-favored-nation treatment, and they read, respectively:       Each party shall accord to service providers of another      party, treatment no less favorable than it accords in like      circumstances to its own service providers.       Each party shall accord to service providers of another      party, treatment no less favorable than it accords in like      circumstances to its own service providers of any other party      or of a nonparty.  The opponents of this provision have focused on the ``no less favorable'' language of this clause, but they have left the other part out. I want to spend a moment discussing ``like circumstances'' language. It permits differential treatment where appropriate to meet legitimate regulatory goals, including highway safety. Don't take my word for it. Let's look at NAFTA, chapter 21, which says clearly ``nothing in chapter 12''--this is the cross-border trade services section:       . . . shall be construed to prevent the adoption or      enforcement by any party of any measures necessary to      security compliance with laws or regulations that are not      inconsistent with the provisions of this agreement including      those related to health and safety and consumer protection.  In 1993, when Congress ratified the NAFTA-implementing language, it also approved the U.S. Statement of Administrative Actions which says in part:       The ``no less favorable'' standard applied in articles 1202      and 1203 does not require that service providers from other      NAFTA countries receive the same or even equal treatment as      that provided to local companies or other foreign firms.      Foreign Service providers can be treated differently if      circumstances warrant. For example, a State may impose      special requirements on Canadian and Mexican service      providers if necessary to protect consumers, to the same      degree as they are protected in respective local firms.  Ultimately there is one authority that decides what violates NAFTA and what does not, despite what we have heard on this floor over the last week and a half. Who decides is the NAFTA arbitration panel. Here is what they had to say in their ruling on this very topic:       The United States may not be required to treat applications      from Mexican trucking firms in exactly the same manner as      applications from the United States or Canadian firms. U.S.      authorities are responsible for the safe operations of trucks      within U.S. territory, whether ownership is United States,      Canadian, or Mexican.  So the NAFTA treaty itself stipulates that the U.S. can take measures to ensure the safety of its citizens. Congress' intent was clearly to allow this, and the NAFTA arbitration panel agrees.  Opponents have repeatedly quoted just part of the NAFTA treaty to make their case. But when you look at the entire treaty, at the specific implementing language passed by our Congress--and I will again remind our colleagues I voted for that--and at the official arbitration panel's ruling, it is clear that our safety provisions are consistent with NAFTA.  Those are the facts. But in spite of the facts, we hear the administration's allies suggesting this is driven by special interests. Let's take a look at who those special interests are, suggesting the Congress fulfill its obligation to protect the health and welfare of our citizens.  Let me read to you who those special interests are who back the majority of the Senate and the safety provisions in this bill: Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, Public Citizen, Parents Against Tired Truckers, Consumer Federation of America, the Trauma Foundation, Triple A of Texas, American Insurance Association, the California Trucking Association, Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways, Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance, an independent drivers association in Mexico, Friends of the Earth, the Owners, Operators and Independent Drivers Association, the Sierra Club, and organized labor.  Those are the special interests that believe our constituents should be safe on our highways.  Finally, let me address the issue of implementation of NAFTA. To be sure, this is not a problem that the Bush administration created. It is one that it inherited. The problem is how this administration has chosen to respond to the challenge.  As I have stated previously, this debate is not about how to keep Mexican trucks out of the United States. This is about the conditions under which we will let them enter. For all of the discussion of our obligations to our neighbors to the south, my first obligation is to the people who elected me. We can comply with NAFTA, promote free trade, and ensure the safety of our roadways simultaneously.  I believe Senator Shelby and I have crafted a provision that will help us achieve those goals.  The administration and its allies have taken considerable exception to this, and while I am working with them to seek ways to address their concerns, I am unwilling to sacrifice my principles. With the provision contained in our bill, when you are driving on the highway behind a Mexican truck you can feel safe. You will know that the truck was inspected and the company has a good truck record.  You will know that American inspectors visited their facility and examined their records.  You will know the driver is licensed and insured, and that the truck was weighed and is safe for our roads and for our bridges.  You will know that they will keep track of which drivers are obeying laws and which ones are not.  You will know that drivers who break our laws won't be on our roads because their licenses will be revoked.  You will know that the driver behind the wheel of an 18-wheeler has not been driving for 20 or 30 straight hours.  You will know that the truck didn't just cross our border unchecked but crossed where there were inspectors on duty.  That is real safety. We should get about the business of passage.  I urge my colleagues to reject the delay and the insults and pass this good, balanced bill that will help our country make progress on the transportation challenges that are getting worse every day. This bill is balanced; it is bipartisan; and it is beneficial. Let's put it to work for the American people.  I retain the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Boxer). The Senator from Texas.  