 President, I rise today to support the amendment by the Senator from Michigan. This is an extremely important measure. The Senator from Michigan aptly described what has happened to our apple farmers across the country. In my home State of Washington, it has been a tremendous disaster with the economic loss for the young families who are working diligently to try to make ends meet in this industry for the last several years. It has been heartbreaking to watch.  The Senator from Michigan talked about the dumping of apple juice concentrate by China, which contributed to the decline in our apple growing communities. Severe weather conditions this year have caused horrendous problems for these orchardists who have been struggling for the last few years anyway. The loss of markets in Asia, because of the Pacific Rim crisis, precipitated this dramatic loss for many farmers in the State of Washington.  The Senator from Michigan described the process that we have been going through. Senator Cantwell from my home State and I worked hard with the Senators from Michigan, New York, Maine, Vermont, and Massachusetts on the emergency supplemental bill to provide $150 million for the apple industry in this country. That support was not included in the Agriculture Appropriations bill when it came out of committee because we fully expected the Administration and the House to support this as an emergency supplemental measure. Unfortunately, they did not. As a result, in August Congress recessed without the money in the emergency agricultural supplemental. This bill is now coming to the floor, and it is absolutely essential for our farmers.  Senator Cantwell and I have traveled around our State. We have seen the tremendous pain and loss among our farmers, and we have seen the hardships they are experiencing today.  My grandfather, back in the early 1900s, lived in central Washington and was part of the apple industry. I can tell you, when I was growing up I remember driving across central Washington and seeing our tremendous, beautiful orchards. I was so proud to be from Washington State. Today, as a Senator traveling around the world, I am proud to be able to talk about bringing our apples into markets worldwide--both for our economy and for establishing great relationships with countries everywhere. The apple is the symbol of the State of Washington.  It is upsetting for me to visit central Washington today and see so many abandoned orchards. Many of the orchards have been bulldozed because farmers can't sell their apples for a fair price.  Add to that the weather conditions of this year with the drought that has occurred in the State of Washington and the severe hailstorms we have seen. That means we will not have these orchards in the future if we don't provide assistance this year in the Agriculture appropriations bill. I am committed to providing it, along with my colleague from Washington State, and the Senators from Michigan, New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, and Maine. All of us have worked hard together with our chairman, who has been a great advocate and supporter.  I thank the Senator from Wisconsin. He understands the plight of our farmers. He is committed to working with us to ensure this assistance is there for our farmers. It is essential for a way of life in Washington State and across this country. It is essential for a product that is important to my home State and to many others. I believe it is essential for the future of this industry that we have this help and assistance from this Congress this year in this appropriations bill.  I thank the Senator from Michigan for offering this amendment. I thank our Chair, Senator Kohl, for his support and his assistance. I look forward to working with my colleagues to be sure we don't lose these important farmers and this important resource for our country.  Thank you, Mr. President.  