 President. I rise to lend my strong support to the Department of Defense Appropriations Conference Report.  And I do so with great admiration and respect for the leadership demonstrated by Chairman Daniel Inouye and Senator Ted Stevens. They have done great work, and I encourage the Senate to embrace this appropriations conference report.  I do want to briefly address the issue of tanker replacement which has been hotly debated here on the floor. I support the tanker leasing provisions in the bill, and I am again grateful to Senator Inouye and Senator Stevens for their work on the Boeing 767 leasing provisions. Many Senators worked on this issue. There were many hurdles to address and overcome. And we worked through them all together in a bipartisan fashion.  I want to again quote the Secretary of the Air Force from a letter he wrote to me in early December. Secretary James Roche says and I quote,       The KC-135 fleet is the backbone of our Nation's Global      Reach. But with an average age of over 41 years, coupled with      the increasing expense required to maintain them, it is      readily apparent that we must start replacing these critical      assets. I strong endorse beginning to upgrade this critical      warfighting capability with new Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.  The record is clear. The Air Force has been a contributing partner and fully supports the tanker replacement program contained in this appropriations bill.  The existing tankers are old and require costly maintenance and upgrades. The K-135s were first delivered to the Air Force in 1957. On average, they are 41 years old. KC-135s spend about 400 days in major depot maintenance every 5 years.  The tanker replacement program contained in this bill will save taxpayers $5.9 billion in upgrade and maintenance costs.  The record is clear. We need to move forward on tanker replacement. Our aging tankers have flown more than 6000 sorties since September 11. Our ability to project force depends on our refueling capabilities. We can no longer ignore these old and expensive aircraft.  The record is also clear on my State of Washington. This will help the people of my state. Washington now has the highest unemployment rate of any state in the nation. I am here to do everything I can to help my constituents. Any Senator, including critics of the leasing provisions in this bill, would do the same thing.  But this is not just about my State. Every state involved in aircraft production will benefit.  In addition, it is in our national interest to keep our only commercial aircraft manufacturer healthy in tough times, to keep that capacity and to keep that skill set.  The Air Force has identified this as a critical need. We rely on refueling tankers. Now is the time to move forward with tanker replacement. I again commend Senator Inouye, Senator Stevens, Senator Cantwell, Senator Conrad, Senator Roberts and the many others who worked so hard to move this program forward.  Shortly, we are all going to go home for the holidays to be with our families. Senators can go home knowing that they have sent a very powerful message to the families of our service members. We have acted today with this bill to equip our personnel now and in the future with best equipment and the best technology available to our armed forces. I will proudly vote for this conference report.  