  Madam President, in every part of our country Americans are frustrated by the transportation problems that we face every day. We sit in traffic on overcrowded roads. We wait through delays in congested airports. We have rural areas that are trapped in the past without the roads and the infrastructure they need to survive. We have many Americans who make their living along our shores, fishing or boating. They count on the Coast Guard to keep them safe. But today the Coast Guard does not have the resources to fully protect us. We have many families who live near oil and gas pipelines. They are afraid that those aging, untested pipelines could rupture, and with very good reason, given all the tragedies we have had lately. They want us to make pipelines safer.  Our transportation problems frustrate us as individuals, and they frustrate our Nation's economy, slowing down our productivity and putting the brakes on progress. It is time to help Americans on our highways, our railways, our airways, and our waterways. We can do so by passing this transportation appropriations bill.  For months, Senator Shelby and I have worked in a bipartisan way with virtually every Member of this Senate to meet the transportation needs in all 50 States. They told us their priorities, and we found a way to accommodate them. We have come up with a balanced, bipartisan bill that will make our highways safer, our roads less crowded, and our country more productive. Now is our chance to put this progress to work for the people we represent.  Our bill has broad support from both parties. It passed the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee unanimously. It passed the full Appropriations Committee unanimously. Now it is before the full Senate ready for a vote, ready to go to work to help Americans who are fed up with traffic congestion and airport delays.  In a short time, the Senate will vote to move forward on this very important bill. I hope the Senate will vote to invoke cloture so that we can begin working on the many solutions across the country that will improve our lives, our travel, and our productivity.  This vote is about fixing the transportation problems that we face, and it is about ensuring the safety of our transportation infrastructure. If you vote for cloture, you are voting to give your communities the resources they need to escape from crippling traffic and overcrowded roads.  If you vote for cloture, you are saying that our highways must be safe and that trucks coming from Mexico must meet our safety standards if they are going to share our roads. But if you vote against cloture, you are telling the people in your State that they will have to keep waiting in traffic and keep wasting time in congestion.  If you vote against cloture, you are voting against the safety standards in this bill. A ``no'' vote would open up our borders to trucks that we know are unsafe, without inspections, and without the safety standards we expect and deserve.  This vote is not about partisanship or protectionism. It is about productivity and public safety.  I want to highlight how this bill will improve highway travel, airline safety, pipeline safety, and Coast Guard protection.  First and foremost, this bill will address the chronic traffic problems facing our communities. In fact, under this bill every State--every single State--will receive more highway construction funding than the President requested. And with this bill, every State would receive more highway construction funding than they would under the levels assumed in TEA-21.  Our bill improves America's highways. Our bill also includes money to increase seatbelt use so we can save lives on our roads.  Let's vote for cloture so we can begin sending help to our States.  Secondly, this bill will improve air transportation, and it will make air travel more safe. This bill provides additional funding to hire 221 more FAA inspectors. The administration's budget did not provide this funding, but our bill does because it is a national priority.  Let's vote for cloture so we can begin putting these new inspectors on the job for our safety.  Third, our bill boosts funding for the Office of Pipeline Safety by more than $11 million above current levels. That means: funding all new 26 positions requested by OPS; $4.7 million for pipeline safety research and development; $8 million for testing and best safety practices; and $3.4 million to improve community right-to-know and to update our national mapping system  Let's vote for cloture so we can begin making America's pipelines safer before another tragedy claims more innocent lives.  Fourth, this bill will give the Coast Guard the funding it needs to protect us and our environment. Our subcommittee has held several hearings on this issue, and we have great respect for the men and women of our Coast Guard. We want them to be able to do their jobs safely with the training and support they need.  Our bill will help modernize the maritime 911 system. It will address serious staffing, training, and equipment shortfalls at search and rescue stations. And our bill funds the mandatory pay and benefit costs for our Coast Guard service members.  Let's vote for cloture so we can begin making our waterways safer.  These examples show how this bill will help address the transportation problems we all so desperately face at home.  This vote, though, is also about making our highways safe, so I want to turn to the issue of Mexican trucks. And I want to clear up a few things.  Some Members have suggested that Senator Shelby and I have refused to negotiate on this bill. That simply is not the case. As I have said several times in this Chamber, we are here, we are ready, and we are listening. And we have had extensive meetings, bringing both sides together.  On Tuesday, our staffs met until well after midnight. Again yesterday, Wednesday, our staffs met from midafternoon until 3 a.m. this morning. We have worked, as well, this morning, meeting one more time. We have worked with all sides to move this bill forward.  I want to point out something else to those who say we must compromise, compromise, compromise. The Murray-Shelby bill itself is a compromise. It is a balanced, moderate compromise between the extreme positions taken by the administration and the House of Representatives.  On one hand, we have the administration, which took a hands-off approach to let all Mexican trucks across the border and then inspect them later, up to a year and a half later. Even though we know these trucks are much less safe than American or Canadian trucks, the administration thinks it is fine for us to share the road with them, without any assurance of their safety.  At the other extreme was the ``strict protectionist'' position of the House of Representatives. It said no Mexican trucks can cross the border and that not one penny could be spent to inspect them. Those are the extreme positions.  The administration said: Let in all the trucks without ensuring our safety. The House of Representatives said: Don't let any trucks in because they are not safe.  Senator Shelby and I have worked very hard. We have found a balanced, bipartisan, commonsense compromise. We listened to the safety experts, to the Department of Transportation's own inspector general, to the GAO, and to the industry. We came up with a compromise that will allow Mexican trucks onto our highways and will ensure that those trucks and their drivers are safe. With this balanced bill, free trade and highway safety can move forward side by side.  This bill doesn't punish Mexico, and that is not our intention. Mexico is an important neighbor, ally, and friend. Mexican drivers are working hard to put food on their own families' tables, and we want them to be safe, both for their families and for ours.  NAFTA was passed to strengthen our partnerships and to raise the standard of living in all three countries. We are continuing to move towards that goal, and the bipartisan Murray-Shelby compromise will help us get there.  Right now Mexican trucks are not as safe as they should be. According to the Department of Transportation inspector general, Mexican trucks are significantly less safe than American trucks. Last year, nearly two in five Mexican trucks failed their safety inspections. That compares with one in four American trucks and one in seven Canadian trucks.  Furthermore, Mexican trucks have been routinely violating the current restrictions that limit their travel to the 20-mile commercial zone. The Department of Transportation's own inspector general has found that 52 Mexican trucking firms have already operated illegally in more than half of the United States.  We have, as Members of the Senate, a responsibility to ensure the safety of America's highways. The Murray-Shelby compromise allows us to promote safety without violating NAFTA.  During this debate we have heard from some Senators who say that they think ensuring the safety of Mexican trucks would violate NAFTA. We have heard that some White House advisers think ensuring the safety of Mexican trucks would violate NAFTA. I appreciate all of their opinions, but with all due respect, there is only one authority, only one official body that decides what violates NAFTA and what does not. That organization, established under the NAFTA treaty itself, is the arbitration board known as the Arbitral Panel. Here is what that authority said:       The United States may not be required to treat applications      from Mexican trucking firms in exactly the same manner as      applications from United States or Canadian firms . . .       U.S. authorities are responsible for the safe operations of      trucks within U.S. territory, whether ownership is United      States, Canadian, or Mexican.  Those are not my words. Those are from the people who decide, the NAFTA arbitration panel. It is that simple. We can ensure the safety of Mexican trucks and comply with NAFTA. This bill shows us how with a commonsense safety measure.  Under our bill, when you are driving on the highway behind a Mexican truck, you can feel safe. You will know that truck was inspected and that the company has a good track record. You will know an American inspector visited their facility and examined their records, just as we do with Canadian trucking firms. You will know the driver is licensed and insured and the truck is weighed and is safe for our roads and bridges. You will know we are keeping track of which drivers are obeying our laws and which ones are not. You will know drivers who break our laws won't be on our roads because their licenses will be revoked.  You will know that the person behind the wheel of an 18-wheeler has not been driving for 20 or 30 straight hours. You will know that the truck didn't just cross our border unchecked but crossed where there were inspectors on duty. That is a real safety program. That will make me feel comfortable driving my family on our highways.  The administration's plan is just far too weak. Under the administration's plan, trucking companies would mail in a form saying they are safe and begin driving on our highways--no inspections for up to a year and a half. The White House is telling American families that the safety check is in the mail. I don't know about anybody else, but I wouldn't bet my family's safety on that.  I want an actual inspector looking at that truck, checking that driver's record, making sure that truck won't threaten me or my family.  The White House says: Take the trucking company at its word that its trucks and drivers are safe. Senator Shelby and I say: Trust an American safety inspector to make sure that truck and driver will be safe on our roads.  This is a solid compromise. It will allow robust trade while ensuring the safety of our highways. The people of America need help in the transportation challenges they face every day on our crowded roads. This bill provides real help and funds the projects for which our Members have been asking.  Some Senators apparently would hold every transportation project in the country hostage until they have weakened the safety standards in the Murray-Shelby compromise. That is the wrong thing to do. Let's keep the safety standards in place so that when you are driving down the highway next to a truck with Mexican license plates, you will know that truck is safe. Let's vote for safety by voting for cloture on this bill.  In closing, this vote is about two things: Helping Americans who are frustrated every day by transportation problems, and ensuring the safety of our transportation infrastructure. Today I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture so we can put this good, balanced bill to work for the American people.  Voting for cloture means we can begin making our roads less crowded, our airports less congested, our waterways safer, our railroads better, and our highways safer. Virtually every Member of this Senate has come up to me and told me about the transportation challenges in their State. Senator Shelby and I have listened. We have done everything we can to meet America's priorities.  Those who vote for cloture are voting to begin making progress across the country in ensuring the safety of our highways. Those who vote against cloture are voting to keep our roads and our airports crowded and to expose Americans to new dangers on our highways.  The choice is simple. I urge my colleagues to vote for cloture so we canbegin putting this good, balanced bill to work for the people we represent.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  I ask unanimous consent that time under the quorum call be equally divided and suggest the absence of a quorum.  