 President, I am here today because I strongly believe that Senator Gregg's voucher amendment moves this country and our public schools in the wrong direction.  All of us stand for equal opportunity for all children. This amendment might open doors to a few children, but it would shut them for many others. In the Senate, we are fighting to improve our public schools with resources. This amendment uses public funds to send a few students to private schools rather than investing in schools that serve all of our children.  We need to think about the consequences of this voucher amendment. In the bill before us, we are insisting on accountability for the use of Federal funds. This voucher program would funnel taxpayer dollars into schools that are not accountable to the public at all.  Beyond lack of accountability, let's remember that private schools don't even have to meet the same academic standards required for all public schools. Not all private schools are created equal. There are a lot of good ones, but there are some with lower quality and lower standards, and our tax dollars would go to them as well with no accountability.  Private schools are important. I am not here to speak against private schools. I am here to speak against an amendment that would damage public schools.  Mr. President, I want to talk about the four simple reasons I oppose this amendment. Vouchers undermine our public schools; vouchers leave children behind; vouchers mean less accountability; and vouchers are a distraction from the hard but essential work of ensuring that all public schools are good schools.  Our public schools are the cornerstone of our democracy, our communities, and our economy. They are entrusted with giving more than 90 percent of our children the education they need to be productive citizens. Vouchers would weaken public schools by diverting already scarce funds needed for smaller classes, afterschool programs, better facilities, and teacher training, to pay for private school tuition for a few select children--which really leads to the second reason I cannot support any voucher scheme.  Private schools may reject students for almost any reason, including disability, limited English proficiency, behavioral challenges, or academic deficiencies. Despite the rhetoric of this amendment, vouchers do not offer true choice for students. While parents may remove children from public schools, no voucher system guarantees admission to the school of their choice. Private schools will still choose which students they will admit.  While vouchers drain money from public schools to help a few students, other students are left at a public school with fewer resources. That will not help our kids succeed. In fact, it will probably lower the quality of education for the most challenged students, effectively leaving them behind.  Proponents of the underlying bill, including the author of this amendment, have said that accountability provisions are the key to not leaving students behind.  Well, Mr. President, my third objection is that this amendment would make these accountability provisions meaningless for thousands of students. This bill requires that the results of new reading and math testing in grades 3-8 be used to judge the quality of all public schools, and it sanctions schools that fail to make adequate yearly progress. But those accountability provisions and testing do not apply to private schools that benefit from vouchers.  If this accountability is truly essential to ensuring a good education, should it not apply to all schools that receive Federal funds?  Under this voucher plan, participating private schools do not have to give the same tests. They do not have to make adequate yearly progress. And they cannot be sanctioned. Public schools must comply with all Federal, State, and local civil rights, and health and safety requirements.  This voucher proposal doesn't even require participating private schools to protect the civil rights of school employees, or to maintain the separation of church and state.  Mr. President, I cannot support spending taxpayer dollars on schools with no public accountability.  Finally, vouchers drain away the resources and attention that should be focused on turning around low-performing schools. Vouchers offer an excuse to those who are unwilling to make the necessary investment or to roll up their sleeves and get involved in the hard work of leading a struggling public school into success.  Turning around low-performing schools is not magic. Hard-working people all across the country are doing it every single day.  