President, this amendment seeks to help parents meaningfully become involved in the education of their children. We all believe--every individual in this Chamber--that parents are essential parts of the educational process. Our challenge is to translate that feeling and that rhetoric into real involvement by parents in the schools of America.  We know that research has shown us that regardless of economic or ethnic or cultural background, parental involvement is a major factor in the academic success of children. Parental involvement contributes to better grades, better test scores, higher homework completion rates, better attendance, and greater discipline. When parental involvement is a priority in a school, those schools do exceptionally well. It improves not only the performance of children, it improves staff moral, and it creates and helps engender a climate where educational excellence is the norm, not the exception.  We know this through research and through our own observations. Parents themselves have declared invariably in survey after survey that their participation in the school is critical to the success of their children.  A 1999 American Association of School Administrators nationwide survey found that 96 percent of parents believe that parental involvement is critical for students to succeed in school. Eighty-four percent believe in parental involvement so strongly that they are willing to require such involvement on a mandatory basis.  However, in the midst of all of this support--our observations, the research, and the expression of parents themselves--parental involvement is something that is not found frequently enough in our schools. Over 50 percent of the parents surveyed thought that schools were not doing enough to inform them, not doing enough to involve them. In fact, they felt they didn't even have basic information about their children's studies and the issues confronting their children's school.  A recent bipartisan survey sponsored by the National Education Association ranked the lack of parental involvement in children's education as the No. 1 problem in schools today. We understand that this is a critical issue.  The finding of the NEA was echoed recently by a poll cited in a Democratic Leadership Council Update from December, 2000. This newsletter pointed out that:       Parental involvement is critical to the success of both      individual students and their schools.  It concluded that we must get serious about ``schooling'' parents and making sure that parents understand how they can access their schools and how critical it is that they be involved in the lives of their children and how important it is that they are a part of the educational process in a very real way.  Now, to succeed in this endeavor, we have to work collaboratively with everybody. We have to get school administrators and teachers prepared to respond to parents. We have to get parents prepared to assume the responsibility of being a major force in the educational lives of their children.  For many of us, this seems obvious. But that is not the case across the country. We should recognize that. We have to prepare in this legislation to make parents real partners in the education of their children. We need to train schools leaders, teachers, andparents; and we have to make the climate in schools welcoming to parents. All of these tasks require our support, encouragement, and our leadership.  I am pleased to say the bill before us today contains many of the elements that will help us along this path to successful parental involvement. Many of these elements were included in legislation that I introduced earlier in the session called The Parent Act. These elements include ensuring that title I families can access information on their children's progress in terms they can understand--not education-speak, not technical jargon, but in terms they can all understand.  It would also involve parents in school support teams that would help turn failing schools around--recognizing that they, too, are part of the education of their children.  It would also require technical assistance for title I schools and districts that are having problems implementing parental involvement programs. Again, we think this is obvious, easy, simple. But when you go into a typical school today, you have problems such as transient populations, people coming into this country from other lands where English is not the first language, and a host of other problems--schools have to be better prepared to involve the parents.  The legislation before us would also authorize, indeed require, the collection and dissemination by the States of information about effective parental involvement programs. We know the models work, and we want them disseminated across the full spectrum of schools in the United States.  The legislation would require involvement by parents in the violence and drug prevention efforts because we know that is a critical part of the challenge today in many schools across the country.  It would also require an annual review by States and districts to look at the parental involvement and professional development activities for the school to ensure that these activities are effective, and that teachers are being trained to involve parents, and that the involvement efforts are working.  Finally, it would require each local educational agency to make available to parents an annual report card which explains whether schools are succeeding or not. These very meritorious initiatives are included in the legislation.  So I come today to say we have made some progress working together with my colleagues on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. But I believe we can do more, and I believe we must do more.  We are raising the stakes dramatically in schools throughout this country by requiring every child in grades 3-8 to take annual tests. When we raise the stakes, we also have to recognize that we have to do more to make sure these children have an opportunity--a real opportunity--to succeed and to pass these examinations.  My amendment, quite simply, would build on an existing structure of law and increase the revenue stream going to schools so they can actually implement these parental involvement programs. They can move from rhetoric to real practice, from sentiment to accomplishment. I hope that is what we can do today with respect to this amendment.  Already, title I of the existing legislation--legislation that has been on the books for years now--in section 1118, requires districts all across this country to develop written parental involvement policies and requires schools to develop school-parent compacts.  It also requires that schools hold annual meetings for parents, and it would require that parents be involved in school review and improvement policies. That is the law today, but the reality is not enough schools are doing this because the funds are not there because other priorities, as they always seem to, intrude.  Districts are actually required to spend 1 percent of their title I allotment for the purposes I just discussed--school compact preparation, annual meeting with parents, involvement in school reviews--unless that 1 percent amounts to less than $5,000. In many school districts, this 1 percent is less than $5,000. In fact, in Rhode Island, 25 out of my 34 school districts are not required to spend any money because the total would be less than $5,000. As a result, this legislative standard is seldom achieved. In fact, 4 years after they were required by law, a quarter of the title I schools throughout the United States have not yet developed a school-parent compact.  As Secretary Paige testified--and he came from the Houston school system after working there and doing his best to improve and reinvigorate that school system--he indicated at the confirmation hearing that ``increased assistance will be needed''--his words--to enhance parental involvement.  We know what we want to do. We actually improved the legislative framework in this legislation, but we have to provide more assistance.  My amendment, which is strongly supported by the National PTA, does not add to these mandates, but what it does is add resources. It gives localities flexibility. It does not require what is in the school-parent compact, it does not tell them there is only one method to contact the parent, but what it says is we are serious. We are not just going to talk about parental involvement. We are going to give them the means to involve parents.  I believe this is a very powerful way to enhance education, and certainly it is a concept that no one here would argue against.  The question comes down to, in my mind, Will we give these schools the resources to do the job we want them to do?  My amendment provides the resources so parents can get more involved, as recommended by the Independent Review Panel in the Final Report of the National Assessment of Title I.  We will adopt legislation that emphasizes accountability, but accountability without the resources to do many things, including involve parents, is not going to improve the educational process of the United States.  My amendment is critical to ensuring that we can develop a coordinated focus that works in the schools for parental involvement. It elevates parental involvement from something nice to do and maybe something you want to do if the money is available to something you can and should do because the language is clear and the resources are available.  I strongly hope my colleagues will support this amendment and give to the schools of America the resources to do what we all want them to do: improve the education of children by involving parents, by ensuring that the parent as the first teacher does not surrender that critical role when that child enters school.  I will at the appropriate time ask for the yeas and nays when it is judged to be in order. I yield the floor.  