President, I commend Senator McCain and Senator Feingold for their extraordinary efforts over the last several weeks, together with all of our colleagues, in trying to create a system of campaign finance reform that will be truly reflective of elections in the United States--elections about ideas and not just about money flowing in from everywhere.  Their efforts will be for naught if we don't have the adequate enforcement of the laws that we are adopting today and on succeeding days.  My amendment would specifically strengthen the Federal Election Commission, which is the organization that is charged with enforcing all the laws we have been discussing for the last 2 weeks. Observers have called the FEC ``beleaguered,'' a ``toothless watchdog,'' a ``dithering nanny,'' and a ``lapdog,'' indicating that the state of the FEC is rather moribund because they don't have the resources necessary or some of the tools necessary to do the job of effectively enforcing our campaign finance laws.  All of this effort over these several weeks and several years will amount to very little if we don't give the FEC the resources and tools to effectively enforce our campaign finance laws. If we are serious about reform, we need to be serious about giving the FEC these resources.  My amendment is based upon recommendations made by the FEC Commissioners over many years with respect to improving the performance of the FEC. As we all know, the FEC is composed of six Commissioners--three Republicans and three Democrats. These recommendations represent a bipartisan response to the observed inadequacies of the Federal Election Commission. First and foremost, my amendment would reauthorize the Federal Election Commission, which hasn't been technically reauthorized since 1980. It would also increase the authorized appropriations for this Commission. Over the past 2 weeks, we have talked about doubling and tripling money going to candidates. Again, if we are serious about campaign finance reform, we should also talk about increasing the budget of the FEC. Senator Thompson mentioned yesterday that the average amount spent by a winning Senate campaign went from approximately $1.2 million in 1980, to $7.2 million in the year 2000.  According to the FEC, total campaign spending has increased 1,000 percent since 1976. Total campaign finance disbursement activity was $300 million in 1976 and exploded to $3.5 billion in the year 2000 election cycle. But the agency responsible for administering these campaign finance laws, the Federal Election Commission, has seen very little increase in their operating budget over these many years. We have had an explosion of activity, we have had an explosion of contributions, but nothing to keep the FEC in league or in sync with this explosion of campaign spending.  Despite all the increased activity, the FEC staff is virtually the same as it was almost 20 years ago. In 1980, the FEC had 270 full-time equivalent staff. In 1998, the level was about 303, a very small increase, and at the same time there has been an explosion of donations, an explosion of reports, and increased in activity.  It is obvious with all of these activities, with all of these transactions that were reported that the FEC needs to do more and needs more resources to do the job it has been commissioned to do. The FEC is expected to review these financial reports. They are expected to enforce the laws, and unless we give them the resources to do that, we are going to be in a very sorry state and, indeed, we are in a very sorry state today. Because of the onslaught of cases before the FEC, it has to prioritize its enforcement work.  It turns out they give certain cases priority status. That means when there is an available attorney, they will put that attorney on the case, but there are so many cases that they eventually become stale. In fact, the FEC had to dismiss about half of its enforcement caseload in fiscal year 1998 and in fiscal year 1999 due to lack of resources. Due to the limited resources they have, they simply cannot keep up with the work. Once again, if we are serious about reform, we should be serious about giving the FEC the resources to do it.  Let me move forward and suggest other aspects of the legislation which is before us today in my amendment. In addition to increasing the resources to meet this obvious need, the amendment would also authorize the Commission to conduct random audits in order to ensure voluntary compliance with the campaign act.  It is based upon the same premise we use with the Internal Revenue Service. The idea that somebody would show up and look at your records encourages you to keep good records and to follow the law. That same principle would be effective with respect to the Federal Election Commission.  In addition to giving authority for random audits, it also would give the Commission the authority to seek an injunction from a Federal judge under specific circumstances.  First, there would have to be a substantial likelihood that a violation of campaign finance laws is occurring or is about to occur. There has to be a showing that the failure to act expeditiously will result in irreparable harm to a party affected by the potential violation, and that expeditious action would not cause undue harm to a party affected by the potential violation, and finally, the public interest would be best served by such an injunction.  I point out that in order to seek such an injunction, the Commission would have to have a majority vote, 4 out of 6, and since there are three Republicans and three Democrats, this process of injunction would necessarily have to include votes from both Republicans and Democrats. I think it is a way to ensure fairness and not abuse this injunctive power.  In addition to providing these aspects, the amendment would do something else. It would also increase the penalties for willful violations and knowing violations of the Federal Election Campaign Act. The violations would be increased from $10,000 to $15,000 or an amount equal to 300 percent of the violation amount, the greater of those two sums.  The amendment also includes a provision that would restrict the misuse of a candidate's name. It would require that a candidate's committee include the name of the candidate, but it also would prohibit the use of that candidate's name by an unauthorized committee or any other committee except the party committee.  This would, I hope, correct a situation in which committees or organizations unrelated to the candidate use the name of the candidate and misuse the name of the candidate.  Also, the amendment would expedite procedures used by the FEC to enforce violations or investigate violations of the Federal Election Campaign Act.  It would also allow an expedited referral to the Attorney General in the case of a perceived criminal violation of the Federal Election Campaign Act. Once again, such a referral would require a majority vote of the Commissioners, so it would be inherently bipartisan and could not be abused by a partisan faction of the Federal Election Commission.  We have for the last several weeks been working diligently, creatively to fashion stronger Federal election campaign laws. But without my amendment, all of our work might be for nought because unless we strengthen the Federal Election Commission, we will not have the enforcement capability to take this legislative design which we have worked over so many days, and make it effective to regulate the campaigns for Federal office in the United States.  I urge adoption of this amendment. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ensign). The Senator from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, Senator Reed seeks to reverse a decision taken in 1979. Back in 1979, under pressure from House Democrats, the Democratic-controlled House and Senate passed the amendment, signed into law by a Democratic President, which eliminated random audits.  The catalyst was a large number of audits that were commenced consuming enormous amounts of time and money and done in a manner which was viewed as unfair.  This provision may present the same problem. I say to my friend from Rhode Island, we are going to need to look at it overnight. My inclination is to oppose it, in which case we will need a rollcall vote. At least we can look at it overnight.  It is unclear who authorizes the audits, the six appointed members of the Commission or the general counsel appointed by those members? The period commencing these random audits is extended from 6 months to 12 months. Campaigns will have to wait 1 year before they even know if an audit will begin and if they need to raise additional funds to cover the cost.  There is no time limit for commencing audits of PACs or party committees. The 1979 amendment allowed the Commission to continue audits for cause where the FEC reviews the reports to determine if they meet the threshold for substantial compliance.  After the review, it takes an affirmative vote of four Commissioners to conduct an audit. The only other agency I know that conducts random audits is the IRS, and even they are scaling back.  Practically speaking, an audit by the FEC takes years, costs tens, even hundreds of thousands of dollars in lawyers and accountants. For instance, the audit of the 1996 Republican Convention concluded just months before the 2000 convention.  To carry out this provision, the FEC will have to double or even triple its audit staff. This is wrong for the FEC to review the record before commencing an audit, which precisely will no longer be the case under the Reed amendment.  We will have more to say about it tomorrow. Suffice it to say, I say to my friend from Rhode Island, he gets the drift. I think this is a step in the wrong direction, and I think Members of the Senate need to be apprised of the fact that they may be subjected to these lengthy and costly audits under the Senator's amendment.  Maybe we will wake up and see the light and conclude the amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island is a good idea. In any event, we will have to carry it over until tomorrow.  