 Senator Harkin understands that in America education provides the best opportunity for all of our citizens to achieve and that this country, at its best moments, should always be about opportunity. Senator Harkin seeks to ensure that every child has an opportunity. He has appropriately titled this amendment ``Leave No Child Behind,'' because he believes sincerely, as do I, that we have to reach out, not just rhetorically but with real resources, to make sure every child can seize opportunity, which is what America is all about.  Unlike the Republican budget resolution before us, which contains only a paltry increase for education--in fact, this increase is smaller than the annual increases in education in the last 4 out of 5 years--the Harkin Amendment provides $250 billion over 10 years for education, a funding level that would truly leave no child behind.  All of our Nation's students have to be given the tools and the opportunity to excel and be successful, in effect, to live out the American dream. The Harkin amendment provides these tools and the opportunity through high quality education that spans a lifetime--from early childhood education, through elementary and secondary education, through higher education, and indeed beyond to postsecondary, lifelong learning. High quality education costs real dollars. The Harkin amendment puts those real dollars into this budget.  President Bush and our Republican colleagues claim that their proposal will leave no child behind, but simply adding accountability to our elementary and secondary schools without providing adequate resources will not do the job.  I have had many opportunities to talk with the Secretary of Education and other leaders in this administration with respect to their education proposal. They talk a good game. They talk about accountability. They talk about standards. But then when you ask them: Where are the resources? They say: Well, we really don't need resources.  That is just not the case. Every American understands that education is worthwhile and that we must invest in education, not just with words but with dollars, to make a high quality education a reality in the life of every child. Indeed, today, the Federal budget only devotes only 2 cents of every Federal dollar to education. We have to do more--not to dispossess the States and the localities of their responsibilities, but to complement and supplement what they are doing.  Today we live in a challenging, international economic order, and students from Massachusetts are not just competing with students from Mississippi; they are all competing against the very best and brightest around the globe. That requires investment. It requires raising our standards and giving every child a chance to reach those standards to ensure that we have the best-educated workforce so we can compete in this competitive global economy. That is what the Harkin amendment will do.  Specifically, Senator Harkin would help all children start school ready to learn by funding Head Start to make it available to all eligible 3- and 4-year-olds and to expand learning opportunities under the Early Learning Opportunities Act. Making children ready to learn has been a goal of the Federal Government for more than a decade. When President Bush organized the Governor's conference, they determined that their first goal was to ensure that every child should enter school ready to learn. We have failed to achieve that goal. With the resources this amendment provides, we can strive and, I hope, attain that goal.  We also want to ensure that every child is taught by highly qualified teachers in classrooms that are not overcrowded or in ill-repair. The Harkin amendment quadruples funding for professional development, includes money for increasing our effort to reduce class sizes, and increases the resources going to school repair and modernization.  We all understand, too, that every child, including those students with disabilities, must be a part of the educational experience in a meaningful way. That means fully funding the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.  We also understand that we have a special obligation at the Federal level to provide the most disadvantaged American children with a real chance, and that is why Senator Harkin will increase title I funding substantially.  Then in order to complete the job, we have to ensure that all of our children with talent and ambition coming out of secondary schools have the resources and the opportunity to go to college. So, Senator Harkin is calling for an increase in the maximum Pell grant by $600 to $4,350. He is also calling for a significant increase in other need-based student aid programs, such as LEAP, TRIO, and GEAR UP.  All of these proposals go to the heart and soul of what we should be about: giving every child the chance to learn; making them ready for school; giving them good teachers and good facilities; and then giving them the opportunity to go on to postsecondary education.  I cannot think of a more important task, one that is more central to the concerns of all Americans, and one that is more fully realized than this amendment proposed by Senator Harkin. I support him strongly.  I will be offering two amendments with respect to education. The first I will offer, with my colleagues Senators Kennedy and Bingaman, would support recent initiatives sponsored by the administration and supported by the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, that involves testing of our students. The President has called for the testing of all students in grades 3 through 8. I understand, as so many of my colleagues do, that testing is an important aspect of education, not the sole aspect of education, but an important aspect of education. But, I have raised concerns, as have others, that these tests can dominate curriculum so that essentially children are narrowly being taught the test. And one graver concern is that these tests, because so much rides upon them, would be dumbed down or otherwise compromised so that they are not really a valid tool to assess a school's performance. They simply become a routine way to secure Federal funding.  Nevertheless, I believe we should provide the States with the resources if we require them to test every child in reading and math in grades 3 through 8.  The HELP Committee passed the BEST Act under a unanimous vote, 20-0. The bill authorizes $510 million to help States meet this mandate--$400 million for the development and implementation of annual State assessments and $110 million for administering State assessments under the National Assessments of Educational Progress. The National Governors' Association, however, has expressed concern that this level of funding is likely not enough to cover the costs. In fact, with an average testing cost of $50 per student, the real cost may be well over $1 billion. While the amount authorized under the BEST Act is a start, it is really only an initial downpayment on the true cost of implementing these tests.  From what I am hearing from colleagues in Rhode Island, high quality tests are very costly, and the State will need money to implement and administer these tests. It costs a great deal of money to administer and score the tests, to prepare schools and teachers to administer the tests, and to perform other tasks necessary to ensure an appropriate testing regime that will adequately assess the progress of children and will contribute to their education, not distract them from their education.  In Rhode Island, it has been estimated that the cost of an annual testing regime as contemplated by the BEST Act will be about $4 million a year. That is a great deal of money in the State of Rhode Island for education. That money could be used for other purposes in education. I believe if we are mandating these tests, we should at least provide for these resources.  I know a few years ago it was quite in vogue for Republican colleagues to talk about ``unfunded mandates,'' how the Federal Government was imposing these restrictions and requirements and not giving the resources to do it. I can't think of a more transparent and obvious unfunded mandate than to require each State to test each child in grades 3 through 8, which is a traditional province of the States in terms of curriculum, and not give them the Federal resources to carry out that mandate.  So my amendment would, in fact, provide the downpayment on the costs of these tests. I hope it will be agreed to because, right now, this budget does not put the dollars behind the rhetoric when it comes to State testing.  I will offer another amendment along with Senator Kennedy that would increase our commitment to opening the doors of higher education to our neediest students. Senator Harkin has indicated in his amendment that he understands the need to increase Pell grants and to support need-based programs. My amendment also would do this. It would increase significantly those resources that are going to programs that are designed to assist talented Americans who are economically deprived. It would increase the maximum Pell grant by $600 to $4,350, something Senator Harkin also supports. It would increase the LEAP program, a partnership between the Federal Government and the States to provide income-based grants and aid to students going to college by $45 million to $100 million. It would increase the supplemental educational opportunity grants. It would also increase the Federal Work-Study Program to provide students with more resources as they work their way through college. It would increase the TRIO program, designed to identify talented young people, assist them to get into school, and mentor them and help them as they progress through college. It would also increase the Perkins loans capital contribution to assist universities and colleges as they reach out to individual students who need help. It would also help on the loan cancellation part of the Perkins program for reimbursement to colleges for loan forgiveness.  The amendment would also increase funding for the GEAR UP program, another early intervention program. It would also address teacher quality and recruitment through title II of the Higher Education Act by providing additional resources to help teachers better prepare themselves and help communities recruit better teachers.  All of these programs are designed to be consistent with the theme that hasbeen struck by Senator Harkin in his amendment. If we believe in opportunity, we really have to invest in education. When you get down to the practicalities of school systems in this country, the rhetoric doesn't work. When you get down to the notion that they will simply reorganize themselves effectively and that will make up for additional resources, that clashes with the reality of local education.  What is the reality of local education? Well, the school committees strive for months to come up with a budget. They go ahead and they want increased professional development, and they want increased funds to improve their facilities, to fix roofs. They have made political compromises and struggles to get there. They are just about to announce it, and then they get a call--the superintendent gets a call; it is their health insurance company. They have just announced that premiums are going up 45 percent. So guess what happens to all that money for professional development, library books, and school construction; it is gone.  The virtue and the value that we offer is that we can provide these funds and fence them off, if you will, commit them to libraries, school construction, reducing class size; and by doing that, we can make real progress working with local communities.  The Harkin amendment is the most important amendment in this whole budget because it would put us on record again as saying that we believe in education, in opportunity, and we will support it with dollars and not just words.  I yield the floor.  