President, I have sent to the desk an amendment on my behalf and of Ms. Snowe, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Chafee, Mr. Bingaman, Mr. Wellstone, Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Baucus, Mr. Levin, Mr. Reid, Mr. Rockefeller, Mr. Durbin, and Mr. Dayton.  This amendment is a bipartisan attempt to ensure that the President's Reading First initiative is a success. Let me commend the President for emphasizing literacy as a very important part of education reform. His proposal would recognize the importance of literacy and increase and support the training of teachers, but it would not reach another important aspect of achieving literacy, and that is a well-equipped school library. My amendment would help students achieve literacy by authorizing funds so schools could acquire new library books, new library material.  Funding school libraries has been part of the educational authorization for the Elementary and Secondary Education Act since its beginning in 1965. The very first ESEA authorized the purchase of library materials.  One of the sad commentaries about school libraries today is that much of that material is still on the shelves, with copyright dates of 1967, 1968, 1969, and 1970. Clearly, the world has moved a great deal from those days. We have landed on the Moon. We have created the Internet and done lots of other interesting things. Many other aspects of life have changed since the mid-1960s and early 1970s.  My proposal would provide resources, based upon a targeted formula, so the poorest schools would have access to these funds, so we could, in fact, replenish library collections throughout the United States.  Last week the Senate uniformly voted for Senator Collins' Reading First amendment, where she incorporated additional provisions into the President's proposal for Reading First. I support this effort by Senator Collins, but I believe there is a deficiency within this initiative. It fails to include an essential component that would ensure students learn to read. We have to fund school libraries so students have the necessary books, technology, and materials, which is an integral part of our effort to improve reading in our schools.  What we are finding is the gap between the highest and lowest achieving students is widening. But what we are also finding, when we look at data, is that in those schools that have first-rate libraries and trained library personnel, achievement goes up consistently. That is a factor I believe we cannot ignore. It is one of those factors that provide additional support for my proposal today.  Again, the President's underlying proposal authorizes $900 million for the Reading First Initiative. It has been enhanced and improved by Senator Collins' amendment. This proposal, which I and my colleagues have offered, would provide further enhancement to this worthwhile goal of ensuring every child in America reads, and reads well.  Let me also acknowledge the great work of Senator Jeffords and Senator Kennedy who have brought us this far. But even though they have brought us this far, even though we have, with the President's direction, emphasized literacy, we still have this gap in achieving literacy. We have to provide funds for school libraries so they can buy the material and books necessary to support the scientifically based reading programs the President has made the centerpiece of his Reading First Initiative.  School libraries are really the places where we reinforce those reading skills. They are, in one sense, the laboratories where children explore their ability to read and explore a great world beyond the confines of their classroom or their community. You can go into a library and, figuratively, travel around the world, even reduce yourself to the size of a microbe, and travel, coursing through the veins of the body. That is what is remarkable about reading and so fundamentally important about reading. It is also something that has to be a lifelong pursuit.  Frankly, even though we can instruct children with respect to literacy, unless we provide them with stimulating books and expose them to the library as students, it is not that likely that they will appreciate reading or continue the habit of reading, this habit of self-improvement. Children leave schools, but we hope they will not leave the library. That is one of the great lessons they will take from their schooling--not just the mechanics of reading but a love of reading so they will leave the school but never leave the library, they will be patrons of public libraries, they will be patrons of books. The library is the foundation for independent learning, and I cannot think of a more worthwhile goal in this reauthorization than creating that type of spirit and that type of ability within the students of America.  As I mentioned before, as we look at high levels of literacy, we find a very strong correlation between these high literacy levels and good school library programs. In one study, this was the case for every school and in every grade level tested, regardless of social and economic factors in the community, and in very dissimilar States: Colorado, Pennsylvania, and Alaska. These findings echo earlier studies which found that students in schools with well-equipped libraries and professional library specialists performed better on achievement tests for reading.  Again, we understand one major focus of this legislation is testing students to standards, bringing those standards up and bringing every child up to those standards. Without the support of good public libraries in the community but, more particularly, good school library programs, we are not going to be able to give these children the tools to reach the standards, to pass the tests we are prescribing now for a vast section of American students.  As I indicated, there is an array of scientific evidence, research evidence, that demonstrates this fundamental point. A 1993 review of research, ``Power of Reading'' by education professor Stephen Krashen of the University of Southern California, demonstrated that higher test scores result when there is a greater investment in better qualified school library staff and more diverse school library collections.  A 1994 Department of Education report on the impact of school library media centers noted that the highest achieving students tend to come from schools with strong libraries and library programs. So I believe this evidence is further proof that we can improve reading by making a wise and efficient investment by enhancing our school libraries.  We also understand that we have today on our shelves, in our libraries, books that are simply out of date and inaccurate. I have made something of a cottage industry of bringing my favorite anomalous books to committee hearings, such as a book that talks about what is it like to be a flight attendant; only they use an incorrect term ``stewardess.''  If you look through this book, if you look through these pages, you get a distinctly different impression of what it is like to be a flight attendant. First of all, they are all women. We know that is not the case today. Second, there are very few minorities. We know that is not the case today. Third, they talk about the rule that you must leave if you want to get married, because they all have to be single. They have pictures of flight attendants doing sit-ups and describe that as their homework.  These are images that are totally out of sync with today's times. But yet this book was on the shelves of the school library. Ask yourself. If a young man is interested in that profession and takes that book off the shelf, what impression will he get? Obviously, it is not going to open up the possibility of a career for him as a flight attendant.  That is just one example. There are examples of books on the shelves of today's schools that say things like some day we will get to the Moon.  I received a book from a librarian in Arizona that has the title, ``Asbestos, The Magic Mineral,'' suggesting a book that was not written recently.  One of my favorite selections that was sent to me is the story of the U.S. Constitution, and an analysis of the Constitution, with a foreword by President Calvin Coolidge--a little bit out of date but still on the shelves of a school library.  We can do more than provide our children with outdated sources of information. We also now know that we are in a situation where books are not the only way we are communicating information to children. Libraries need sophisticated, computer-based media. They need the technology of the computer.  Yet what you find at the local level is a situation where despite the best intentions of school committee men and women and the best intentions of Governors and mayors, school library collections are the first casualties of unexpected expenses.  It is not a surprise. Here is typically what happens across this country day in and day out. A school superintendent has worked hard all year. She reserved $50,000 for a new library, new books, and new media.  Then she gets a call. Their unexpected expenses have gone up $75,000. Where do you get that kind of money for an unexpected expense? We will do the library improvement next year. Next year becomes the following year, and the following year. As a result, we have a crisis at school libraries. Some shelves are near empty and the books are out of date. They are not opening up new, modern vistas to students. In some cases they are giving them erroneous stereotypes about the world at a very impressionable age.  Let me suggest, as I said before, some of the books that we find on the shelves of our libraries.  There is one called ``Rockets Into Space,'' copyright 1959. This book, by the way, has been checked out of a Los Angeles school library 13 times since 1995.  It informs the student that there is a way to get to the Moon. Obviously, it was written before there was the successful voyage to the Moon by man. It states that it will take two stages to get to the Moon, first to a space station, and then to the moon. Essentially, that is not what we did. But the book has been checked out numerous times within the last decade.  There is another book which I found interesting. This was from a school library in Richmond, VA, entitled ``What A United States Senator Does,'' copyright 1975. It notes that the Vice President of the United States and the President of the Senate is Nelson Rockefeller, and that there are two Senate office buildings, the Old Senate Office Building and the New Senate Office Building, which we now call the Dirksen Building.  There is a book from a library in Tarzana, CA, entitled ``Women At Work,'' copyright 1959, which informsthe reader that there are seven occupations open to young woman: librarian, ballet dancer, airline stewardess, practical nurse, piano teacher, beautician, and author.  These are not positions open exclusively to women and are certainly not the only professions open to women today.  Here is one from a Pennsylvania library entitled, ``The First Book Atlas,'' copyright 1968, which states that the five most populated cities in the world are New York City; Tokyo, Japan; Paris, France; London, England; and Shanghai, China.  That might have been correct in 1968. But, for the record, the five most populated cities in the world today are Seoul, South Korea; Sao Paolo, Brazil; Bombay, India; Jakarta, Indonesia; and Moscow, Russia.  In a rapidly changing world when we expect our students to be internationally adept and not just locally competent, we are providing them with information that is woefully out of date.  I am sure there are atlases and maps throughout most schools and in school libraries that do not have all the present sovereign nations of the world. Since the breakup of the Soviet Union, we know there has been quite a few new nations emerging into the world. But this is what we find consistently.  I believe if we do not provide better materials for our libraries, we are not going to fully complement the President's initiative and Senator Collins' amendment. It is one thing to be literate and to have the mechanics of reading, but there is something else. A child must have material to read which provides accurate information and that is not full of stereotypes and misinformation. If you don't provide access through school libraries, students will not acquire the skills and love for reading necessary to boost scores on reading tests.  That is what my legislation will do. It will give the school libraries the opportunity to become up to date, to entreat children with the idea of reading so that in their lifelong pursuits they will know that libraries are the place to go to find knowledge and information that is accurate.  Let me also talk about the situation from the perspective of low-income students because typically this is where you find the most chronic absence of a good school library for the reasons I talked to previously--budget pressures that are so compelling and constraining on municipalities, and the idea that next year we will fix the library. Next year never comes. Jonathan Kozol, who has been referred to many times on this floor, and who is a passionate advocate for students everywhere but who has a particular passion for those disadvantaged students that he works with on a daily basis, wrote in May in a school library article, entitled ``An Unequal Education,'' that a fiscal crisis in the 1970s reduced school libraries and the poorest neighborhoods in New York City to: ``little more than poorly stocked collections of torn, tired-looking, or outdated books. As student populations grew and school construction was postponed by scarcity of funds, libraries themselves were soon co-opted to be used as classroom space. Librarians were fired or, more diplomatically, `retired'--and, as they retired, were not replaced. Books were frequently consigned to spaces scarcely larger than coat closets.''  He continues:       Few forms of theft are quite so damaging to inner-city      children as the theft of stimulation, cognitive excitement,      and aesthetic provocation by municipal denial of those      literacy treasures known to white and middle-class Americans      for generations.  The reason for this sad state of affairs is the loss of targeted national funding for libraries, which we had provided in the 1965 ESEA authorization.  I would challenge all of my colleagues to go to their States and go to a school library. It won't take too long until you find a book that has a copyright of 1967, and maybe with a stamp, as they do in the Philadelphia school system, that says, ``ESEA 1965.''  About 20 years ago, however, a decision was made to roll this dedicated funding into a block grant competing with other programs, and the funding for libraries declined. Schools have not been able to replace outdated books. At the same time funds have diminished, as everything else, the price of quality school library books goes up.  The average school library book costs $16. But the average spending per student for books in elementary schools throughout this country is approximately $6.75, $7.30 in middle schools, and $6.25 in high schools. You can't buy lots of high-quality books at those types of prices.  Earlier in this session, I introduced bipartisan legislation addressing the need for adequate library books, which is the predecessor of this amendment. On February 20, 2001, there was note of that introduction in the Washington Times. Then there was a response on February 23 from a school librarian who described the real frustrations we are talking about, and that I have tried to suggest.  She has worked for 27 years, and she saw the article and took it upon herself to write the newspaper. Here is what she said:       The money coming down for spending has been diverted by      administrators for technology. The computers are bought with      book money and the administrators can brag about how wired      the schools are. The librarians are ordered to keep the old      books on the shelves and count everything, including unbound      periodicals and old filmstrips dating back to 1940s.       And most of all keep their mouth shut about the books--just      count and keep quiet. Now do you wonder why librarians keep      quiet?  Well they are not keeping quiet anymore. They have taken a very strong position with respect to this amendment. Coincidentally, they have come to Washington, and I believe they have visited most of my colleagues' offices, to talk about the need, not some esoteric hypothetical pie-in-the-sky need, but the real need for investments in school libraries.  What happens is that we have a situation where schools face this Hobson's choice: with declining resources, and other demands, do we remove all of the outdated books, leaving only bare shelves or keep outdated books on the shelves, hoping that students wont be confused or turned off by reading? The result is too many of our students don't have the tools they need to learn to read and achieve.  Too often schools sacrifice improvement in libraries. We can help change that dynamic. We can pass this legislation. We can give them flexibility at the local level, although targeted to low-income schools, to go out and buy library materials, to fulfill an important part of our national purpose today to improve the literacy of all American children.  Now I believe that we should, and we must, complement the President's Reading First Initiative. He has, quite rightly, identified the problem. He has very astutely suggested we need to train teachers in the latest scientific methods, that we need to have classroom material, that we need to do many other things. But one aspect is still lacking; and that is books - books to practice the skills they learn in class and books to foster a love for reading which is the key to success in school and beyond. This amendment addresses that need.  My amendment specifically would add $500 million in funding reserved to support school libraries. It would not take away any resources that have been already identified for the President's Reading First Initiative pursuant to Senator Collins' amendment. It targets funding to schools with the highest levels of poverty.  Recall now the comments of Jonathan Kozol: the diminishment of the educational experience by a lack of access to materials which in suburban schools are taken for granted.  If we can get this spirit of inquiry, this excitement about reading, if we can infuse that into every child in every public school, particularly in our disadvantaged schools, we will accomplish a great deal with this reauthorization.  This amendment also provides the districts and the schools with the flexibility to use the funding to meet local school library needs. Who better than a local school system and local librarians to decide what they need? A new atlas, new materials for the younger readers, a better library media that can be used by all the students--all of that will be decided by local individuals.  It also includes language that would help enhance the training of library specialists. There is a misconception sometimes that all you need to do ishave the teacher just take the children into the library and say: Pick a book. That overlooks the huge contribution a well-trained librarian can make to the education of young children. A well trained librarian is essential to helping students read. It is also important to have librarians with particular skills to be able to show children different means of research, different techniques, to be able to answer their questions, to find material for them, and to show them how to find material. That is not done simply by walking the children into the library, and saying: Pick a book. You need to try to get a sense of their interests and you need to try to lead them from one interest to another interest.  This might be the most fundamental aspect of education, and yet if you do not have the trained professionals to do it, you will not get the kind of high-level achievement we seek in this legislation.  The amendment would also allow establishing resource sharing initiatives. In my home State of Rhode Island, and in Ohio, the school librarians have set up a wonderful network with other school libraries, with public libraries, with academic libraries, so they can multiply the resources at their disposal. That would provide the kind of support that I believe is not only necessary but long overdue with respect to school libraries.  This amendment allocates funding on a formula basis to school districts, so that all needy districts and schools get the assistance they need to improve school libraries, rather than authorizing a very limited, competitive grant program which would only help certain districts that have a knack for grant writing.  This amendment is built upon the initial legislation I introduced along with Senators Cochran, Kennedy, Snowe, Chafee, Daschle, and others. The amendment, as I indicated, has broad support.  This bipartisan amendment I offer today, along with Senators Snowe, Kennedy, Chafee, Bingaman, Wellstone, Murray, Clinton, Sarbanes, Johnson, Baucus, Levin, Reid, Rockefeller, Durbin, and Dayton, is a modified version of that legislation because, rather than being a separate, stand-alone portion of the ESEA, this amendment includes support for books as part of the Reading First initiative.  In conclusion, since I have talked about what the amendment does, I would like to briefly talk about some of things the amendment does not do.  First of all, this is not a new program. This amendment would incorporate school library funding into the Reading First Initiative, the President's reading initiative. Unanimously, last week, we embraced Senator Collins' amendment, so I assume, without contradiction, we are all for Reading First, we are all for literacy. This would be incorporated into that. This is not a new program.  The second point I make is that this is not, as I said before, a novel Federal intervention into school policy. In 1965, we authorized funds to buy library materials. It worked. Those materials are still on the shelves. It is something that has been long associated with our Federal effort to help local schools.  Now we all want to consolidate programs. I think that makes a great deal of sense. As you look across the board, some programs could be more efficient. But here is an effort to present, within the context of the Reading First Initiative, a comprehensive reading program: training teachers to teach reading based on scientific principles, classroom materials, and then, if you will, the laboratory for reading, which is the school library and the books to read.  If we are serious--and I know we are--that we want to see every child succeed, if we want to see every child meet challenging standards, and in a very real sense pass the test, then we have to invest more in our school libraries. It is not simply enough to just prescribe the test and hope for the best. We have to give children books to read, the tools to master these techniques and, hopefully, I think in a broader sense, to acquire a passion for reading that will carry them far beyond their schooldays into their adult days. That truly, in my view, is the sign of an educated person.  Let me conclude my initial remarks by citing the Department of Education's guide for parents entitled ``A Guide For Parents: How Do I Know a Good Early Reading Program When I See One?'' In that guide they say that a good early reading program has: ``a school library [which] is used often and has many books.''  We must take this opportunity to dispense with inaccurate, out-of-date books that line the shelves of our school libraries. We have an opportunity to complement the President's proposal and provide the funding that is critical to making the program work so it can actually improve the reading and literacy skills of our nation's students. I hope we will seize this opportunity and urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield the floor.  