All of these individuals recognize the need for additional resources in defense spending. In fact, when it comes to Chairman Warner, there is no one in this Chamber who has been more solicitous and supportive of the welfare of American fighting men and women and the readiness of those forces than the Senator from Virginia, but I believe this is an important moment in the debate to make a broader point about this budget and defense spending.  Explicitly, this budget calls for a $1.6 trillion or $1.7 trillion tax cut over 10 years. It reserves the money for that tax cut. Yet it ignores anticipated expenses that we already know will be incurred in defense. When it comes to defense spending in this budget, there is only one word for it: this budget is disingenuous.  We are not prejudging President Bush. We are taking him at his word. I quote the President:       At the earliest possible date, my administration will      deploy antiballistic missile systems, both theater and      national, to guard against attack and blackmail.  When we look at the estimated costs for a national missile defense, it is approximately $115 billion, and that total is growing with each new reestimation. The $115 billion was an estimate that was included in this week's Defense Week magazine.  This national missile defense is a centerpiece of the President's strategic program. I hardly believe that at the end of the strategic review conducted by the Secretary of Defense--and I commend him for that review--that the Secretary of Defense or the President will recommend that they withdraw their support for national missile defense or theater missile defense.  We already know the President may urge us to spend as much as $115 billion just on national missile defense, and there is nowhere in this budget over 10 years that these costs are recognized. This is in addition to the cost that Senator Landrieu was talking about--quality of life for troops and readiness issues.  Let us look again at some of these costs we know will be urged upon us. We will debate these costs. We will debate these programs. Some may be eliminated. But right now we know there is a multibillion-dollar defense program coming our way, and this budget does not provide for it.  What this budget does is cut taxes explicitly to the tune of $1.7 trillion, yet ignores defense programs to which the President is emotionally, passionately committed. I think that is disingenuous, as I said before.  If you look at national missile defense, we started and are developing a land-based system. It is estimated that the cost of 100 interceptors, a very rudimentary system, will be $43 billion. Again, I do not think that number is properly accounted for in this budget going forward 10 years. That system is criticized by many, including President Bush, as being not robust enough; that we have to build a system that is layered, not just a midcourse interception of enemy missiles coming to the United States by land-based systems, but also we have to have sea-based systems perhaps that will intercept in the boost phase and other systems that can intercept in other phases in flight. All of this adds additional cost.  If the Administration chooses to go to a sea-based system, the likely candidate is called the Navy theater-wide missile defense system. That is one system. That system is just being developed now. Estimates for that system--to buy the ships, deploy the radar, deploy the missiles--is about $5.5 billion. Again, we are not talking about this cost.  If we look at another aspect--the spaced-based laser is the program the Air Force is developing--this system would be designed to be orbiting in space and also intercept enemy missiles. That is another multibillion-dollar program that is hardly off the drawing board. Yet the administration may choose to pursue this option and the cost is not accounted for.  That is the realm of national missile defense--about $115 billion and counting. Indeed, every time there is an estimate of costs, the costs go up.  This is a revolutionary innovative system that the Defense Department is already developing. But none of these costs are provided in this budget.  If we look at theater missile defense, we just had good news. The PAC-3 missile system has been successfully tested. It is an advanced theater missile defense, but the sobering fact is that the PAC-3 missiles cost has increased more than 100 percent over the last few years, another cost not appropriately factored into the system.  There is another Navy lower-tier missile defense system with estimates of about $7 billion to develop. Again, it is not recognized in this budget.  The Army is developing a missile defense called THAAD. Once again, that is struggling forward, being tested, being developed, estimated at billions of dollars.  There is the Air Force airborne laser on aircraft, estimated at $6.5 billion in acquisition costs. That, too, is being considered but not budgeted.  After we look at these programs, one after the other, and the President's commitment to have a robust comprehensive national missile defense and theater missile defense, we are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars. It is not in this budget.  Just as the President eloquently and passionately called for a tax cut, he called for national missile defense. This budget is silent about those costs as it trumpets tax cuts.  I do not think that is the way to do a budget. I do not think that is fair to our military forces because we know what will happen. These programs will be urged upon us. We will have a choice to borrow money because there is no money left after the tax cut to fund military programs, or to take money from domestic priorities.  I do not think we should put ourselves in that position. We should honestly and fairly put in this budget those costs we know and the significant costs that are coming regardless of the outcome of this strategic review.  We can illustrate, talk about other costs. We have other responsibilities. In the last few weeks, as a member of the Strategic Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, we have had several different commissions report to us. They have already done their studies.  Secretary Schlesinger, former Secretary of Defense and former Secretary of Energy, reported to us on the status of our nuclear safeguarding procedures and all the laboratories that guard the readiness of our nuclear devices. His estimate is $800 million just for maintenance backlog; $300 million to $500 million per year for ten years for recapitalization--new equipment, new computers--billions of dollars a year to clean up nuclear waste sites. We know these costs already. They are not in this budget.  The Department of Energy also runs programs to reduce the threat of weapons in the former Soviet Union, in Russia. We have been funding multimillion-dollar programs which we have to continue to fund to ensure our national security.  The Strategic Subcommittee has heard the Space Commission's report. The Space Commission was chaired by Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld. This Space Commission has urged significant investments in our space capability. They rightly point out we don't have the situational awareness from space to understand what type of missiles might be fired, what might be a threat to us, or not a threat to us. They have not put a price tag on it. But again, we are talking about a very innovative, very expensive system, that the Secretary of Defense is very committed to. Another total not reflected in the budget.  We just had this week a report about the National Reconnaissance Officewhich is responsible for overhead coverage, our satellites, our intelligence satellite. They, too, are indicating additional moneys must be spent.  These studies have been completed. The verdict is in: We need more resources. Yet this budget does not reflect those costs. We are talking about billions and billions of dollars in military programs. One could debate and argue the merit of each, but we know they will be urged upon us.  We have a budget that ignores the obvious costs in order to fund a very large tax cut. I think we have to be straightforward and honest about this budget. We have to recognize the need for defense. Again, we are not prejudging the President; we are taking him at his word that he wants to build a national missile defense, that he wants to continue on the work of our nuclear stockpile safeguard program, that he wants us to be a leader in space as we have been on the oceans and in the skies and on land. And all of this costs money. There is none of this money in the budget.  I urge the passage of Senator Landrieu's amendment. I also urge as fervently that we look carefully at this budget and honestly reserve from this proposed tax cut the real resources we will be asking for and this administration will be asking for within months of our vote on this budget.  I yield the floor.  