President, I rise in opposition to the Hagel amendment. I respect Senator Hagel immensely and compliment him for his efforts, but I think it is the wrong direction for campaign finance reform. The core of our debate about campaign finance reform is to restore the confidence of the American people in our political system--to make them believe, as we hope they once did, that their vote is the most significant aspect of a Federal election. Today I fear they believe their vote is less important than the contributions of special interests or economic elites.  The Hagel amendment would amplify significantly the bankrolling of economic elites in elections by raising the limits on contributions that these individuals can make.  I think it is very important to point out today the limits on contributions are only reached by approximately one-ninth of 1 percent of our country's citizens. This infinitesimal fraction of individuals are donating significant amounts of money to political campaigns. This does not represent, as a result, this effort to raise the limits, an attempt to reach out to the broad spectrum of American voters. It would, in fact, increase and enhance the role of a very small minority of America.  That is not the direction we should take for campaign finance reform. We should not increase the amount of dollars going to the system. We should create a system in which people again believe their vote, rather than any contribution by a special interest or a wealthy American, is the most important part of our system.  The other aspect of the Hagel amendment which is troubling is the institutional savings of soft money. His proposal allows wealthy individuals to donate $60,000 per calendar year to a political party, congressional campaign committee of a national party and others. This institutionalization once again exacerbates the role of money in campaigns and once again focuses away from the individual voter to the very wealthy contributor.  I think it is the wrong direction to take. As I said, the perception of our constituents is that this system is not working for them.  I yield the floor.  