President, I am in strong opposition to the tax cut bill that the Senate has been considering over the past few days. I am sorry to say that this legislation fails the basic tests of responsible government. It is fiscally irresponsible to use $1.35 trillion of the surpluses projected over the next 10 years to pay for a tax cut, since these estimated surpluses may never materialize. Even the Congressional Budget Office, CBO, acknowledges that there is considerable uncertainty in their forecasts. In fact, within the CBO's estimates, they suggest that even a 1 percent per year slower growth in GDP would reduce the 10-year surplus by $2.4 trillion. With that much uncertainty, this tax cut is too large and risks squandering the fiscal discipline that has been so hard fought and earned over the past several years. With these excessive revenue losses, we will certainly sacrifice our ability to adequately provide for critical programs in the areas of health care, education, the environment, transportation infrastructure, defense and further paying down of the national debt. Now, many of the supporters of this legislation also tout the theory that government should be run like a business. However, no chief executive of a corporation would allow dividends to be locked in for 10 years, when earnings forecasts are so unclear. In addition, no corporation would ever submit a budget that would have critical elements missing, such as is the case with defense spending in this budget.  The tax cut also fails the test of responsible budgeting. The bill before the Senate is so backloaded that the full costs don't appear in the 10-year estimates provided by the Senate Finance Committee. Analysis by the CBO and the General Accounting Office, GAO, shows that the retirement of the baby boom generation will put enormous pressure on the budget starting a little over a decade from now. This is at the exact time when the full cost of the tax cut will be felt and will almost surely aggravate the deficits that many analysts expect to emerge at that point. Simply put, this bill is far more expensive than it appears. For example, 60 percent of the costs in the legislation don't occur until the second half of this decade. Some of the most expensive provisions, such as the full repeal of the estate tax, don't appear until the last year, so their real costs are truly masked. Other provisions expire in 5 years, such as Alternative Minimum Tax relief and tuition tax deduction, so their full cost is hidden. The effect of these sunset provisions also ensure that these issues will have to be considered again by a future Congress. Some analysts have also suggested that if all of the provisions in the bill were effective immediately, the full cost over ten years would likely be over $2 trillion, while the costs in the next ten years could exceed $4 trillion. Lastly, this legislation is a sham as it purports to include a complete tax package for the next decade, when realistically, many more tax items that are expiring shortly, otherwise known as ``extenders,'' will have to be added down the road. Again, far too much money is in play here while budgetary gimmicks and tricks are dictating the process.  This tax cut is also markedly unfair. Cuts in marginal tax rates above the 15 percent bracket and repeal of the estate tax benefit a small group of taxpayers who have experienced remarkable growth in income and wealth over the past five years. However, the legislation appears to neglect one important group of people: those taxpayers in the 15 percent bracket. Although the proponents of this bill would suggest that most taxpayers are in the 28 percent bracket or higher, the facts are otherwise. Research by the Democratic staff of the Joint Economic Committee and the Budget Committee point out that an overwhelming majority of those who pay income tax are in the 15 percent bracket, close to 75 percent, and would get no benefit from the upper bracket rate cuts in this bill. Now, the bill does provide a tax cut for everyone who pays income tax by creating a new 10 percent tax bracket immediately, albeit a minuscule one for those in the lowest bracket. In addition, the bill makes the child credit refundable, and in a manner that reduces marginal tax rates for many working families with children. Both of those provisions are worthwhile and should in fact be expanded. Nonetheless, Citizens for Tax Justice, CTJ, has provided an analysis of the legislation's rate cuts, and many of its findings are disturbing, to say the least. Some of these include: the top one percent of all taxpayers, with income of $373,000 or more, would receive one-third of the entire tax cut; the top one percent would receive an average yearly tax cut of over $20,000, while the bottom 20 percent would receive an average yearly cut of $64; and the middle 20 percent of taxpayers, incomes ranging from $27,000 to $44,000, would receive 9 percent of the tax cut, an average of about $600 per year.  One prominent example of the unfairness in this tax bill is the repeal of the estate tax. Supporters of this legislation perpetuate the myth that the estate tax is a ``death tax.'' The truth is that 98 percent of Americans face no tax liability under the estate tax when they die. In fact, the repeal of the estate tax takes away budget resources that could be used to pay down the debt and increase national saving, and it uses those resources to benefit a tiny group of very wealthy taxpayers. The effect on the Treasury will be astounding: although the Finance Committee estimates the estate tax portion of the bill to cost $146 billion over 10 years, because this provision is backloaded, the real costs will come after full repeal in 2011, costing almost $1 trillion over the next ten years. The impact on states will also be overwhelming. A majority of the states use a ``pickup'' system for their estate tax, whereby they essentially receive a portion of the Federal estate tax receipts. I know that in my State of Rhode Island, the estate tax accounted for $34.2 million in state revenue for fiscal year 2000. What can $34.2 million pay for? In fact, it can pay for 681 more police officers, or 729 more firefighters, or 575 more elementary school teachers. If the estate tax is repealed, States like Rhode Island will no doubt have to make up the shortfall in revenue by raising State taxes or cutting their budgets. Total State revenue loss when the estate tax is fully repealed could exceed $9 billion. Toward what end is this repeal aimed? In 1999, Rhode Island had 134 estates that were subject to the estate tax, 15 of which were estates of $5 million ormore. That is out of a total of about 486,000 taxpayers. Although the numbers for other States will fluctuate based on their size, we are again talking about a very small proportion of our whole population. That is why I have supported an alternative that would reform, rather than repeal the estate tax system. By raising the tax exemption levels to $4 million for individuals and $8 million for couples, almost all family-owned farms and businesses will be erased from the estate tax rolls. However, the tax would remain on the largest estates that have the ability, and the responsibility, to pay for the enormous wealth they have been fortunate enough to acquire.  To put things into perspective, the supporters of this bill and the Bush administration are hoping to pass a huge tax cut and increase military spending, while relying on rosy estimates of our economy 10 years down the line. Much of this debate recalls an earlier era during which Congress and the Reagan Administration attempted to do the same thing. Why are we rushing to pass a tax cut that is even more irresponsibly constructed than the 1981 tax cut; a tax cut which caused spiraling deficits and mounting debt in the 1980s and early 1990s? This bill takes the wrong approach and it is irresponsible. There is an approach we can take to provide meaningful and targeted tax relief to hard working American families, while ensuring that we have the resources to pay down the debt and invest more fully in our nation's environment, health care, education and other critical priorities. Sadly, the legislation before us rejects that balanced approach and embraces a policy which will threaten our prosperity and undermine our ability to respond to the needs of working American families.  