President, I rise in strong support of Senator Murray's amendment to authorize class size reduction. I have been listening to this rather pedantic discussion of studies and analyses. We can point on one side to a study from Tennessee and on another side to a study from an eminent expert from the University of Rochester. The reality is much more obvious.  Ask any parent in America if they want to have their children in a class of 27 or 15. The answer is always 15. Go to any prestigious private school in America and they are not advertising: Come to our school; we have 50 in a class just like Taiwan. They are saying: Come to our school; small class size; constant contact with teachers--the kind of atmosphere that provides for academic success.  Look around. Just last week, the headline in the Washington Post read: ``Pr. George's Test Scores Show Best Gains Ever.'' What did the superintendent want to do with these remarkable results? The superintendent said she hoped that the county and State leaders would see the test scores as proof that the county is serious about improving academic achievement and that they would reward it with more funding to reduce class size and repair deteriorating buildings. That is not some scholar from Rochester or some statistician looking at Tennessee. That is the superintendent, a local school official, who said: We are doing better, but we can do better if we lower class size and repair our buildings.  The other point that should be made is that this program is voluntary. It is not a mandate. It does not say: If you take this program, you cannot have any other Federal program in the realm of education. I have seen the results firsthand.  In Providence, the capital city of my State, they use this program very flexibly, very innovatively. They sought a waiver to use class size funding for literacy coaches that would coteach in elementary schools half the time, and deliver school-based professional development the other half of their working time. Through this program, we are able to do what everyone on this floor seems to be talking about: reduce class size and enhance professional development.  This is a program that we have supported over the last several years on a bipartisan basis. We made a downpayment to help communities hire 100,000 teachers. That is something that every parent in this country wants. That is something, apparently, that school leaders such as Superintendent Metts of Prince George's County want. It is something that scientists and researchers have indicated is working in Tennessee and elsewhere. It is something that obviously should be done, and I support Senator Murray.  I make two other points: First, class size reduction has to be tied to funds to increase the number of classrooms. That is another portion of an amendment that has been brought to the Chamber.  In addition to that--and this is reflected in a note I received from Jonathan Kozol--by gearing up with an elaborate testing regime, we are putting the cart before the horse. We should first be reducing class size. We should be first increasing title I moneys. We should then go ahead and provide for funds to improve the physical structure of schools. Maybe at that point, maybe when urban children have the same environment, the same teacher ratios as you see in suburban communities, we can start testing them.  We are going to test these children, and urban kids are going to do much worse than suburban kids. Why? Not because they are not capable. But when you are in a school that is falling down, when you are in a school with a large number of children, much larger than the suburban areas, when you have teachers who are not getting the professional development they need, you are not going to get the kind of results you get elsewhere. That is the reality.  We can talk about tests and studies in Rochester and elsewhere, but the reality we know. Frankly, most of us, if we had a choice to send a child to school, we would look for smaller classrooms. We would look for buildings that are not falling down, teachers who are highly motivated, highly qualified, and highly prepared. That is where we would send our child.  Let's give every American family that chance. The one way to do it is to support the Murray amendment.  I yield back the time to Senator Murray.  