I also want to commend my colleague from Colorado for working with senators from South Carolina on this matter. As the chairman of the Strategic Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, I am very interested in ensuring that DOE sites are closed in a timely manner and that the waste is treated and disposed of properly. I want to assure my colleagues that the Strategic Subcommittee will carefully examine this issue as the Senate Armed Services Committee considers the Fiscal Year 2002 Defense Authorization bill.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill is important to the Nation's energy resources, improving water infrastructure, and ensuring our national security interests. Let me first commend the managers of this bill, the distinguished Chairman Senator Reid and Ranking Member Senator Domenici, for their hard work in completing the Senate bill in order to move the appropriations process forward.  The bill provides funding for critical cleanup activities at various sites across the country and continues ongoing water infrastructure projects managed by the Army Corp of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation. The bill also increases resources for renewable energy research and nuclear energy programs that are critical to ensuring a diverse energy supply for this Nation.  These are all laudable and important activities, particularly given the energy problems facing our Nation. While I have great respect for the work of my colleagues to complete the committee recommendations for the agencies funded in this bill, I am also disappointed that the appropriators have once again failed to abide by a fair and responsible budget process by inflating this bill with porkbarrel spending. Unfortunately, my colleagues have determined that their ability to increase energy spending is just another opportunity to increase porkbarrel spending.  This bill is 5.8 percent higher than the level enacted in fiscal year 2001, which is greater than the 4 percent increase in discretionary spending that the President wanted to adhere to.  In real dollars, this is $2.4 billion in additional spending above the amount requested by the President, and $1.4 billion higher than last year. So far this year, with just two appropriations bills considered, spending levels have exceeded the president's budget request by more than $3 billion.  A good amount of this increase is in the form of parochial spending for unrequested projects. In this bill, I have identified 442 separate earmarks totaling $732 million, which is greater than the 328 earmarks, or $300 million, in the Senate bill passed last year.  I have no doubt that many of my colleagues will assert the need to expend Federal dollars for their hometown Army Corps projects or to fund development of biomass or ethanol projects in their respective States. If these projects had been approved through a competitive, merit-based prioritization process or if the American public had a greater voice in determining if these projects are indeed the wisest and best use of their tax dollars, then I would not object.  The reality is that very few people know how billions of dollars are spent in the routine cycle of the appropriations process. No doubt, the general public would be appalled that many of the funded projects are, at best, questionable--or worse, unauthorized, or singled out for special treatment because of politics.  This is truly a disservice to the American people who rely on the Congress to utilize prudent judgement in the budget approval process.  Let me share a few examples of what the appropriators are earmarking this year: additional $10 million for the Denali Commission, a regional commission serving only the needs of Alaska; $200,000 to study individual ditch systems in the state of Hawaii; earmark of $300,000 for Aunt Lydia's Cove in Massachusetts; $300,000 to remove aquatic weeds in the Lavaca and Navidad Rivers in Texas; $3 million for a South Dakota integrated ethanol complex; $2 million for the Sealaska ethanol project; two separate earmarks, totaling $5 million, for gasification of Iowa Switch Grass; additional $2.7 million to pay for electrical power systems, bus upgrades and communications in Nevada; $500,000 to research brine waste disposal alternatives in Arizona and Nevada; and, $9.5 million to pay for demonstrations of erosion control in Mississippi.  These are just a few examples from the 24-page list of objectionable provisions I found in this bill and its accompanying report.  As I learned during the consideration of the Interior appropriations bill when my efforts failed to cut wasteful spending for a particular special interest project, an overwhelming majority of my colleagues accept and embrace the practice of porkbarrel spending.  I respect the work of my colleagues on the appropriations committee. However, I do not believe that the Congress should have absolute discretion to tell the Army Corps or the Bureau of Reclamation how best to spend millions of taxpayer dollars for purely parochial projects.  I repeat my conviction that our budget process should be free from such blatant and rampant porkbarrel spending. Unfortunately, to the detriment of American taxpayers, the practice of porkbarrel spending has advanced at light-speed in the last decade and shows no sign of abating.  Just look at the numbers.  We have witnessed an explosion of unrequested projects passed by Congress in the last decade. According to the Office of Management and Budget, there were 1,724 unrequested projects in 1993; 3,476 in 2000; and 6,454 unrequested projects this fiscal year.  We all know the direction this spending train is going. Come October, spending bills will be piled-up, frantic negotiations will ensue, a grand deal will be struck, and guess what? Those spending caps we were supposed to abide by will just fade away.  I hope I am wrong.  