President, this modification deals with my underlying amendment which would authorize funding for the acquisition of library books and library materials for our school libraries across the country. This original amendment I offered on behalf of myself and Senator Snowe, Senator Chafee, Senator Kennedy, and others.  While I was debating the amendment initially, there was some concern raised by my colleague and friend, Senator Collins from Maine, that my amendment would in some way detract from the President's Reading First Initiative. I support that initiative and compliment both him and Senator Collins. It is focused on raising the literacy of our children across the country. It is an effort that has to be undertaken and I am pleased it is being undertaken.  I want to make it clear that my proposed amendment to restore funding for school libraries is a complement to the President's program and not a subtraction from that program. The modification to the amendment does just that. It clarifies that what I am attempting to do is add to the Reading First Initiative and not subtract from it.  My amendment will complement the President's initiative and Senator Collins' correcting amendment that were unanimously adopted last week in this Chamber. It will do that by providing an essential part of any literacy program, and that is high-quality reading material.  The President's focus and Senator Collins' focus is improving the instruction with respect to reading skills and literacy in this country, which is an important goal. But it cannot be fully accomplished, the goal of having literate American students, without also having high-quality reading material. Most people understand this intuitively. It is one thing to teach the techniques of reading; it is something else to open up to children a realm of discovery and wonder and opportunity by having good, high-quality school libraries--we hope in every school in this country.  I see my proposal as a very important component of the overall strategy of the Reading First Initiative. This is a proposal that would essentially allow local communities to receive Federal resources to acquire library materials: books and the materials necessary for a modern, up-to-date school library.  It would give extraordinary flexibility and discretion to local communities because it would allow them to make the choice of what is the most appropriate material. It responds to an obvious need throughout this country and the need is chronic, and that is to provide for good school libraries.  Unfortunately, if you travel throughout this country, if you go back to your home State, and you visit school libraries, most of those collections are out of date; most of those collections have not been renewed and have not been improved over many years. This is not because of the intentions or the wishes of local authorities. The reality is, library acquisitions are the type of program that can be put off year to year to deal with more pressing needs, and year 1 becomes year 2, which becomes year 3, and you find yourself, as we find ourselves in so many schools across this country, in a situation where the library is deplorable.  We know that good libraries are connected to good literacy skills and, for the purpose of this legislation, good results on tests--both standardized tests and nonstandardized tests. The latest results in the National Assessment of Educational Progress show that from 1992 to the year 2000, reading scores have remained flat for fourth graders. One aspect of that finding is the fact that there are too many schools in this country where the library books are out of date and inadequate, in addition to problems with teaching the mechanics of reading. We have to solve both problems if we really want to see test results take off.  As you find throughout the country, in looking at different studies, there is a clear indication that well-stocked, modern, up-to-date school libraries contribute directly to success on achievement tests. And that seems obvious to most people because libraries are the places which will have the information, but are also attractive to young people. They will want to go to the library because it is modern, up to date, interesting, exciting--all the things we want education to be in this country.  One of the reasons why school libraries are in such poor condition is the lack of dedicated funding. In the beginning of our efforts to improve elementary and secondary education in 1965, in the confines of the first Elementary and Secondary Education Act, we provided for specific funding for school libraries. However, several years later, we rolled all of this funding into one block grant, title VI. As a result, the commitment to libraries, because of local pressures to spend on other endeavors, has resulted in a situation across the country of very poor school libraries. We can do better. When we improve school libraries, as I indicated before, we improve the performance of students.  It has been found in one study that for every school, in every grade level, in which there was a strong school library and strong school library services, there were improvements in testscores regardless of social and economic factors in the particular community. This study was conducted in States such as Colorado, Pennsylvania, and Alaska. So it is not a regional effect; it is not an urban effect versus a rural effect; it is the effect of good libraries in the schools. These findings echo earlier findings which found that students in schools with well-equipped libraries and staff performed better on achievement tests for reading comprehension and basic research skills.  Interestingly enough, the President has appointed, as his nominee for Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education at the U.S. Department of Education, Dr. Susan Neuman. Dr. Neuman, a professor at Temple University, is a nationally renowned expert in early literacy development. She has written about the importance of books in developing and enhancing the literacy skills of children.  Dr. Neuman wrote an article in the Reading Research Quarterly entitled ``Books Make A Difference: A Study of Access to Literacy.'' She talked about a literacy program in Pennsylvania childcare centers and concluded that access to books matters and is critical for early literacy; children exposed to books outperformed a control group on every measure of early literacy abilities.  That is the distinguished individual who has been nominated by President Bush to be the key individual with respect to elementary and secondary education. Through her academic research, she has concluded that access to high-quality library material--books and other materials--is critical to literacy. I think that is a compelling argument that my initiative today will complement the President's approach to literacy training through our schools in this country.  As I said, if you go through the school libraries of America today, the books are terribly out of date. I could rattle off another litany of arcane books that are inaccurate, politically incorrect, stereotypical, out of date, that talk about the fact that someday we might land on the Moon. But I believe most people at this point understand that because you have been in your communities; you have looked at your schools; you have been in schools where the library is an old closet or it is at the end of a hallway that is not being used. You have been in schools where you can take books off the shelves and the copyright is 1967. In fact, some of them are still stamped: ``Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965,'' indicating from where they originally came.  So we can do better. We have to particularly do better when it comes to disadvantaged students because we know this is one of the particular burdens urban school systems and poorer rural school systems bear. That is where the resources do not filter down into the library.  If what we are asking and demanding is that these young, low-income, disadvantaged children do well on tests, then we have to give them the tools to do that job--not just training in literacy but give them the books that will allow them to practice what they have been taught and open up worlds of excitement and information and knowledge to them. That is what I hope my bill can do.  We are going to, I hope and believe, train these teachers because of the President's initiative. But without the books to complement that training, I do not know if in fact we are going to make the progress we need to make.  We also understand this is a burden that is increasingly more difficult for local communities to bear. The price of an average school library book today is about $16. Yet it has been estimated that across the country the average amount of money expended per pupil on library material is $6.75 in elementary schools, $7.30 in middle schools, and $6.25 in high schools. And that is an average. I think you can understand there are some wealthy communities that are spending more, but there are a lot of very poor communities. So we can help. It is important, I believe, to help.  We want to go ahead and ensure that our children have excellent instruction in literacy but also excellent access to books so that they can in fact be literate, not just during the schoolday but throughout the day, not just as students but we hope as lifelong learners. My amendment will, I hope, do that.  It would provide $500 million in funding support for school libraries. It would not take away any resources from the President's Reading First Initiative. It also would target the funding to the poorest schools because we know that is the greatest need. We know that is where the library budget is usually close to zero. We know there we can make a difference--and we should make a difference.  It would provide great flexibility to these schools. There would be no standardized issue of books from Washington or elsewhere. It would allow local communities to make decisions about what they purchase. It would allow them to use these resources to train library specialists. And it would also establish, we hope, or inspire resource-sharing initiatives as exist in Ohio and Rhode Island, so that school libraries could be linked to academic libraries and to public libraries, to broaden the reach of the library program in each school.  It would also allocate funding on a formula basis to school districts, so that all needy districts and schools get the assistance they need to improve their libraries.  I believe it is very important to adopt this amendment in the context of this reauthorization. This bipartisan amendment is cosponsored by Senators Snowe, Kennedy, Chafee, Bingaman, Wellstone, Murray, Clinton, Sarbanes, Johnson, Baucus, Levin, Reid of Nevada, Rockefeller, Durbin, Dayton, and Schumer. It is supported by the American Library Association, the Association of American Publishers, and a wide array of educational organizations. It is a bipartisan amendment.  Let me again, for the record, reiterate several points.  My proposal does not create a separate standalone program. It incorporates school library acquisition funding as a component of the Reading First Program. This approach is as old as the Elementary and Secondary Education Act reauthorization. In 1965, when we first committed ourselves at the national level to help elementary and secondary schools, an important part of that commitment was helping school libraries directly to acquire books and library material.  I know there is a desire to consolidate many programs, but we have seen, at least in the case of the library program, where this consolidation has led to a diminution of resources for school libraries. If we are serious about literacy, we have to enhance the resources for school libraries.  So I urge that this amendment be adopted. I urge that we get on with the great task before us of ensuring that every child has access to excellent instruction in reading and also excellent books to read.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  