President, I rise as a cosponsor of the Wellstone amendment and a strong supporter of the amendment. I believe what Senator Wellstone is doing is calling our collective bluff. We talk about high standards, high accountability for every school in America. We talk about not leaving any child behind. We talk about authorizing significant amounts of money for title I. In fact, we have all come together, 79 of us, to vote for a substantial increase in title I spending--authorization, not appropriation, under the leadership of Senator Dodd and Senator Collins.  What he is saying is, if we are all in favor, if we have all voted for it, let's make sure we do it. Let's make sure we do it in conjunction with the testing, not after the fact, not testing first, money later. Let's do it together.  That is very wise public policy. It reflects what we have all been talking about for weeks and weeks now. I have heard in the course of the debate analogies to other realms of endeavor, talking about the efficacy, the importance of testing. We know testing is important. There is no one in the Senate who does not recognize that if you test students to see if they are making progress, you have to evaluate the test scores of schools to see if they are adequate. No one is arguing with that logic.  Let's look at, for example, a medical situation. If you showed up in one hospital, you would get the same test as another hospital across town. But in one hospital, you are discovered to have a serious heart problem. They don't have a lot of money, so they give you some chewing gum. The other hospital across town has lots of money, so they give you beta blockers and all sorts of exercise counseling, nutrition, everything under the sun. You are besieged by counselors and therapists, people organizing your life so that you can deal effectively with this discovery. It is the same test, however, with much different results. Senator Wellstone is arguing, we will have those tests, but we want the same results.  Frankly, it is about money. It is about resources. The difference, as he pointed out so well, between the performance of students on tests is inextricably, invariably linked to the income levels of those students and, as a result, the income levels of those schools. We all know the basic source of funding for public education in the United States is the property tax. Inner cities with declining property values put less into their programs than affluent suburbs. The reality is, if we really want the system to work, if we want the tests to work, to do more than just identifying failure, if we want to guarantee success, we have to put these resources in. That is the heart of the amendment.  I have also heard--and we hear this every time we engage in a debate on education--we are doing so much worse compared to other countries, particularly European countries. We very well may be. The answer, however, might not be testing. The answer might be having a comprehensive health care system for every child. It might be to have a program of daycare for every child, a very elaborate parental leave program for every family. Maybe if we did those things, our test scores would look very good relative to France or Germany or Great Britain or other countries. So be very careful and wary of these comparisons internationally.  We know that we can improve the quality of our education if we have accountability, and that requires some testing. But we also should know and recognize, as Senator Wellstone does, that accountability in testing without real resources won't make the difference we want to achieve. That is not unique to Senator Wellstone.  A recent Aspen Institute report noted:       In the effort to raise the achievement of all American      students, an extremely serious barrier is the huge      disparities in resources for education across districts and      states. It is not unusual for per student expenditures to be      three times greater in affluent districts than in poorer      districts of the same state.  That accounts for many of the reasons why some students succeed and others fail. The real test, in fact the essence of democracy in America, is not what we say but where we send our children to school. Many parents recognize that when they purchase homes in areas that have good public schools versus those areas that are not funded as robustly.  Now, in addition, the Center for Education Policy concludes, in a recent report, that policymakers ``should be wary of proposals that embrace the rhetoric of closing the gap but do not help build the capacity to accomplish that goal.''  Testing is just one aspect of that capacity building. We have to have good professional development, good parental involvement, and resources so that the school building itself is a place that children will want to go to and not try to shun and leave as quickly as they can.  The Wellstone amendment is very straightforward. It simply states that the new tests authorized under title I need not be implemented unless title I appropriations have reached $24.72 billion by 2005. That was the amount authorized by the Dodd-Collins amendment for the year the tests are scheduled to go into effect, also 2005.  This amendment has widespread support: The American Association of School Administrators, the Council of Great City Schools, the Hispanic Education Coalition, the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, the NAACP, the National Association of Black School Educators, the National Council of La Raza, the National Education Association, the National PTA, and the National School Boards Association--all of these groups representing those individuals closest to the issue of education. The school boards, the PTAs, they recognize the logic and the wisdom of the Wellstone amendment.  I hope we can recognize that logic, that we can support this amendment. And, frankly, if our intentions are good, and I believe they are, this amendment will be merely hortatory. If our intentions are good, we will appropriate the money. We will reach those targets. Testing will go into effect. But if it is the intention or the mishap that we vote for testing but we don't vote for resources to title I, then rather than ruing that day, we should vote for this amendment and provide a real check.  I urge all of my colleagues to support the amendment. I yield back my time to Senator Wellstone.  