President, I am privileged to serve as the vice chairman of the Joint Economic Committee. The Democratic staff of the Joint Economic Committee issued a very pressing report about America's economy. I would like to read from the first paragraph of the Executive Summary.       New reports from the Bush Administration's Office of      Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office      confirm that the combination of the large tax cut and the      worsened economic situation have essentially eliminated any      expected on-budget surplus for the next five years. Indeed,      there is a growing possibility that the government's      fiscal position could be even worse, with no surplus at      all by the end of the decade and with a national debt that      might be even higher in ten years than it is now.  What is particularly prescient about this report is the fact that it was not issued this morning, hours after Mr. Daniels of OMB declared that the fiscal policies of this administration have locked this Government into deficits for the next several years. This report was issued on September 7, 2001.  It is also interesting to note that this report suggests very strongly, prior to the attack on America on September 11, that the fiscal policies of this administration had headed us down a road to deficit after deficit after deficit.  The attack on September 11 was a dreadful assault on this country, but it is not the cause of the current deficit we are staring at over the next several years. It may have accelerated the timing, but the fundamental core was the irresponsible tax policies of this administration.  If we look across several years, we see a situation where our colleagues on the other side resisted, in 1993, President Clinton's plan, which mercifully passed by a very narrow margin, which set the fiscal context, together with monetary policy, for the largest expansion of our economy perhaps in our history. Yet when this party came to power, not only in the Senate and the House but in 2001 in the Presidency, it took them a scant 9 to 10 months to reverse years of economic progress and prosperity and cast us back again into deficit after deficit after deficit.  The consequences are severe. We are approaching critical choices about Social Security and Medicare. Just a year ago, we had surpluses which we could use to make these difficult choices. Those surpluses are gone. But the demographic timebomb of the baby boomers is not gone. It will be here. It is virtually on our doorstep. So we now have to respond to these issues bereft of a surplus that was hard-earned over years of effort during the 1990s.  There is something else, obviously, that is one of the direct consequences of September 11. We are at war. This is a war that will demand increased expenditures which we cannot decline to make, not just in the military operations, which are expensive inherently, but if we are not to repeat the mistakes that were made previously in the area of Southwest Asia. We have to maintain a presence there. We have to be one of the international participants to help in the reconstruction of Afghanistan. We have to take steps across the globe to eliminate other terrorist threats, sometimes more sinister than the dreadful events we saw in New York.  We have to recognize there are loose nuclear materials around the world, particularly in Russia, loose biological agents around the world. All of these things will cost money. And the war on terror will not end simply with the defeat of al-Qaida. It will be a constant ongoing battle, perhaps akin to the Cold War--increased expenditures now, because of this tax cut policy, without the benefit of a surplus.  There is something else we must recognize. We are looking at short-run economic consequences of this tax policy. But what is going to happen in the next several months and days and years ahead is that the administration's response will be OK, we can't shun funding defense. We will have to cut back in every other area of effort.  The key to our long-run economic prosperity is the productivity of America. That productivity is not simply machines and tools and computers. It is human capital. It is healthy, educated Americans who can use these tools, who can invent new tools, who can continue this growth. When we cut education and when we refuse to fund special education and when we go ahead and cut back on health care and we do all these things, we are harming our long-run productivity.  That is the dilemma we are in today. It is a dilemma that was entirely avoidable by a more responsible fiscal policy of this administration.  There is no surprise about Mr. Daniels' announcement yesterday. Perhaps the only shock, if you will, was the timing. It was inevitable after we passed this tax cut. Now as we go forward, we are seeing the consequences. Those consequences will be very difficult to bear. What is worse than that, our colleagues are compounding this terrible situation by advancing the same policies in the guise of a stimulus package: Accelerating marginal tax cuts further and proposing corporate AMT that is retroactive. That is not going to get this economy moving. That will simply make the hole we are in much, much deeper and the climb out much steeper and longer and harder, particularly for working Americans.  Again, there should be no surprise about Mr. Daniels' announcement, but there should be surprise, shock, and perhaps even anger, that having brought us down this path, they refuse to see the error of their ways. They refuse to recognize that, yes, we do need a stimulus package but one that would truly stimulate the economy by getting consumers back in the marketplace, by ensuring that middle- and low-income working Americans get access to additional dollars that they will spend quite quickly. We must in fact protect ourselves through increased expenditures on homeland defense.  I hope yesterday's announcement represents not just waking up to the reality of their policies but changing the policies, that in working collectively with the leaders in the House and in the Senate to script and craft a fiscal package that will move America forward, we will begin our slow climb out of this deficit situation. But there should be no confusion about the fundamental cause of our current economic situation--a precipitous collapse from surpluses to deficits. It was an unwise, irresponsible tax plan promoted and proposed by the President and regrettably accepted by this Congress.  I hope the searing news that Mr. Daniels gave us yesterday will provide something more than heat, that will provide a little illumination to those who seek to lead this country.  I yield the floor.  