President, I rise today to inform Senators of my intention to bring before the Senate at the earliest possible time an important piece of legislation that I introduced last April along with 21 of my colleagues.  Our bipartisan bill, S. 767, the Gun Show Background Check Act of 2001, would apply the Brady law to all firearms sales at gun shows, thereby closing the loophole that allows criminals to buy firearms from private sellers at gun shows without a background check. This legislation is identical to the Lautenberg amendment passed by the Senate on a bipartisan vote in the 106th Congress.  As long as gun violence continues to take the lives of 10 of our young people every day, and about 30,000 Americans every year, we must do everything we can to prevent convicted felons, domestic abusers, and other prohibited purchasers from gaining access to firearms.  It has been my intention to bring this legislation to a vote since its introduction last spring. We were asked not to offer the bill as an amendment to the education bill because it was one of the President's top priorities. We were asked not to offer it to the bipartisan campaign finance reform bill because it was non-germane. We were asked not to offer it to the bipartisan Patients' Bill of Rights because it was a fragile compromise. We were asked not to offer it to the Defense authorization bill because of the critical importance of moving that legislation. Finally, we are barred by Senate rules from offering the amendment to the fiscal year 2002 appropriations bills moving through the Senate.  By not enacting this legislation, we have, unfortunately, overlooked one of the most effective tools we can give to law enforcement to prevent violent acts against our people, and that is the ability to conduct background checks every time a gun is sold at more than 4,000 gun shows held in this country each and every year. The time has come for the Senate to consider this legislation. It was important before September 11, and it is even more important today.  Here are the facts: The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms reported to Congress last year that gun shows are a major gun trafficking channel, responsible for more than 26,000 illegal firearms sales during a single 18-month period. Gun shows are the second leading source of illegal guns recovered in gun trafficking investigations. The FBI and ATF tell us again and again that convicted felons, fugitives from justice, and other prohibited purchasers are taking advantage of the gun show loophole to acquire firearms.  Now, more and more evidence is emerging that terrorists also know the weaknesses in our gun laws. The Chicago Tribune reported on November 18 that among the ruins of radical Islamic safehouses in Kabul were computer printouts of Jihad training manuals that emphasized how easy it is to obtain firearms, and firearms training, in the United States.  Under the heading ``How Can I Train Myself for Jihad,'' the manual says, ``in other countries, for example, some states of the United States or South Africa, it is perfectly legal for members of the public to own certain types of firearms. If you live in such a country, obtain an assault rifle legally, preferably AK-47 or variations, learn how to use it properly and go and practice in the areas allowed for such training.'' The manual goes on to advise those training for holy war to join American gun clubs to sharpen their shooting skills, saying,       There are many firearms courses available to the public in      the USA, ranging from 1 day to 2 weeks or more. These courses      are good but expensive. Some of them are only meant for      security personnel but generally they will teach anyone. It      is also better to attend these courses in pairs or by      yourself, no more. Do not make public announcements when      going on such a course. Find one, book your place, go there,      learn, come back home and keep it yourself. . . . Useful      courses to learn are sniping, general shooting and other      rifle courses. Handgun courses are useful but only after you      have mastered rifles.  We also have new evidence of suspected terrorists using gun shows to obtain weapons. On September 10, a jury in Detroit convicted Ali Boumelhem, a member of the terrorist group Hezbollah, on charges of conspiring to smuggle guns and ammunition to Lebanon. Mixed in with auto parts in a container bound for Lebanon, law enforcement authorities found a variety of weapons and accessories purchased at gun shows, including two shotguns, 750 rounds of ammunition, flash suppressors for AK-47s, and upper receiver for an AR-15 (the civilian version of the M-16), and speed loaders for 5.56mm ammunition.  Ali Boumelhem and his brother, Mohamad, knew the law well, and they exploited it over the years. Because Ali is a convicted felon and therefore prohibited from purchasing firearms under the Brady law, the confiscated weapons were purchased from licensed dealers at gun shows by Mohamad, who is not a felon. Mohamad was later acquitted of charges related to this illegal ``straw purchase.'' According to the court record, he also threatened a confidential informant during the investigation, saying ``If we cannot get you here we will take care of you in Lebanon.''  The investigation also revealed that prior to November 1998, when the National Instant Criminal Background Check System was implemented under the Brady law, Ali Boumelhem did purchase several shotguns from licensed dealers at gun shows by lying on the required form about his felony conviction. He knew that prior to the establishment of the NICS, background checks were not required on long guns in many States. We may never know what became of those guns, and, more importantly in terms of the legislation I am discussing today, we will never know whether Boumelhem or his brother purchased guns from private sellers at these gun shows because there is no record of sale or background check required for sales by unlicensed sellers at gun shows, then and now. What we do know is that this Hezbollah member found a large selection of weapons there and worked the system to his benefit over time before finally getting caught. We need to close the gun show loophole so that we prevent illegal weapons purchases by terrorists.  In another case, the New York Times reported on November 13 that Conor Claxton, a man accused of being a member of the Irish Republican Army, testified in Federal court in Fort Lauderdale that he and his associates had gone to south Florida gun shows to buy thousands of dollars worth of handguns, rifles, and high-powered ammunition to smuggle to Northern Ireland.  The Times also reported that on October 30 in Texas, Muhammad Navid Asrar, a Pakistani man, pleaded guiltyto immigration violations and illegal possession of ammunition. Authorities said that in the last 7 years Mr. Asrar had bought several weapons at gun shows, including handguns and rifles. According to police in Alice, Texas, a Federal grand jury is investigating whether he may be linked to al Qaeda terrorists. The Times reported that he aroused the authorities' suspicion when he asked employees at his convenience store to take pictures of tall buildings and mail letters for him from Pennsylvania back to Texas.  I wrote to Attorney General John Ashcroft earlier this month to ask what steps the Department of Justice is taking to prevent terrorist attacks involving firearms, including firearms acquired at gun shows. I look forward to his reply. I also met with officials of the Department of Justice and ATF to discuss the role of firearms in their counterterrorism efforts. Let me say that although the Attorney General and I may not agree on many issues when it comes to the regulation of firearms, I believe we have a unique opportunity to work together to prevent violent acts by terrorists and others, without infringing upon the constitutional rights of law-abiding Americans. Not one single, solitary person who is not already prohibited from possessing firearms would be denied the right to purchase firearms by our gun show bill.  I know there are those who oppose any new gun laws. They have a right to that opinion, but what is their proposed alternative? Should we ignore the Jihad manuals and the cases of Ali Boumelhem, Conor Claxton, and Mohammad Asrar? Do any of us really know what the next terrorist attack will look like? I believe we have a clear responsibility to do everything we can to prevent terrorists from gaining access to firearms.  But even if we set aside the issue of terrorists' access to guns, this legislation is important to bring some sense to our gun laws and save American lives. The chilling reports this week of an alleged plot by students at New Bedford High School to kill large numbers of their fellow students and teachers reminded us that the threat of gun violence is still very real for our children and families.  Two years ago, after Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed 13 people and themselves at Columbine High School with weapons purchased from a private seller at a gun show, Democrats and Republican in the Senate joined together to pass the Lautenberg amendment to close the gun show loophole. The legislation I have introduced is identical to that Senate-passed amendment. Unlike other gun show bills, it would apply the successful Brady law to every gun sold at gun shows, without exception. As under current law, law enforcement would have up to three business days to conduct background checks on firearms sales. Our opponents will say that we're trying to shut down gun shows by imposing a ``waiting period'' on gun sales that usually take place on weekends. But that is not the case. There is no ``waiting period.'' The Brady law gives law enforcement up to 3 business days to complete a background check on a prospective gun buyer. In fact, most gun purchases are processed very quickly by the NICS system. The FBI clears 72 percent of gun buyers within 30 seconds. Another 23 percent are cleared within 2 hours. That means background checks are completed within 2 hours for 95 percent of prospective gun buyers. Nineteen out of twenty have a decision rendered in just 2 hours.  But what about that last 5 percent that takes longer than 2 hours? According to a recent GAO report, those gun buyers are more than 20 times more likely to be prohibited from possessing a weapon under Federal law.  For gun buyers in that last 5 percent, potentially disqualifying information often requires the FBI to access court records--which are typically not available on a weekend; indeed, typically not available until at least Monday morning--to ensure that the person is not a convict felon or fugitive from justice; those records have to be checked.  Yet other gun show bills would make exceptions to the Brady law, reducing background checks for many gun show sales to 24 hours, to avoid inconveniencing the people in that 5-percent category. I believe that would be a serious mistake. We must reject the notion that it is better to allow a criminal to get gun than to ask a small group of potentially high-risk gun buyers to experience a minor inconvenience. If anything, law enforcement needs more time, not less, to conduct background checks. The FBI reported last year that over an 18-month period, more than 6,000 firearms were sold to convicted felons and other prohibited buyers because the three business days allowed under the Brady law expired before law enforcement could provide a definitive response. These illegal firearms must then be retrieved by State and Federal officer, as dangerous scenario which no one wants to see repeated or multiplied. We are not proposing to lengthen the time for background checks, but clearly it would be a mistake to shorten it even further. Instead, we should do the right thing for both law enforcement and gun buyers and simply apply current law to all gun show sales. No law-abiding citizen will be denied the right to purchase a firearm under my legislation. As under current law, if the 3 business days expire before law enforcement identifies a violation that would prohibit the gun sale, the sale can go forward.  We are not trying to end gun shows, and we are not trying to deny any law-abiding American the right to purchase a gun. What we are trying to end is the free pass we're now giving to convicted felons when they can walk into a guns how, find a private dealer, buy whatever weapons they want, and walk out without a background check.  In overwhelming numbers, the American people believe that background checks should be required for all gun show sales. The people of Colorado and Oregon confirmed this last fall when they approved ballot initiatives to close the guns show loophole. I want my colleagues to know that I will take every opportunity early next year to bring the Gun Show Background Check Act before the Senate for a vote. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation so that we can finally close the gun show loophole and make sure that convicted felons, domestic abusers, terrorists, and other prohibited persons do not use gun shows to purchase firearms without a Brady background check.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Akaka). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  