President, as we come to the end of the debate on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA, reauthorization bill, I would like to share my thoughts on the bill. I plan to support S. 1, the Better Education for Students and Teachers, BEST, Act, but not without serious reservations.  We have been working on this legislation for 3 years now, and we certainly have made some needed improvements over current law. The bill contains tougher accountability, more along the lines of what Senator Bingaman and I pressed for back in 1994. For the first time, States, districts, and schools will be held accountable for improving the academic performance of all students. Moreover, the bill requires the timely identification of failing schools so additional resources and support can be supplied to help those schools turn around, coupled with real consequences if that failure continues. We will have to be vigilant, however, to ensure that the accountability system is workable, and not weakened, during Conference.  Over the past few weeks of debate, key amendments have passed, adding further value to the legislation. One such amendment was offered by Senators Harkin and Hagel to increase funding for IDEA by annual increments of $2.5 billion until the full 40 percent share of funding is reached in fiscal year 2007. This amendment also frees up at least $28.9 billion, and up to $52.5 billion, in education funds by shifting IDEA funding from discretionary to mandatory funding. This amendment serves two worthy and important goals: meeting our commitment to fully fund IDEA and by doing so, freeing up some of the needed resources for title I and other elementary and secondary education programs.  I was pleased to support this extremely important amendment, as well as two amendments by Senator Wellstone to improve the testing regime in the bill. The first amendment ensures that the assessments meet relevant national testing standards and are of adequate technical quality for each purpose for which they are used. The Wellstone amendment also provides grants to States to enter into partnerships to research and develop the highest quality assessments possible so they can most accurately and fairly measure student achievement. The second amendment makes the quality of the test, rather than speed in developing the test, the factor for determining bonuses for states.  As my colleagues know, I have made improving our Nation's school libraries a top priority in the Senate and during my time in the other chamber. Our school libraries have wasted away since dedicated Federal funding was eliminated in 1981, and, as a result, too many students lack access to up-to-date, enriching books and other reading material. Given the direct correlation between well-stocked, well-staffed school libraries and literacy and overall student achievement, my amendment, which passed on an overwhelming 69 to 30 vote, authorizes $500 million for up-to-date books and technology and other needed improvements for our Nation's school libraries. Moreover, it rightfully makes school libraries a key component of our effort to increase literacy, as embodied by the President's Reading First initiative included in the bill.  I have also worked to bolster current law's parental involvement provisions based on the simple fact that parentalinvolvement is a major factor in determining a child's academic success. Parental involvement contributes to better grades and test scores, higher homework completion rates, better attendance, and greater discipline. The bill already contained provisions I had pressed for, including ensuring title I families can access information on their children's progress in terms they can understand; involving parents in school support teams that help turn around failing schools; requiring technical assistance for title I schools and districts that are having problems implementing parental involvement programs; having States collect and disseminate information about effective parental involvement practices to ensure schools have information on how to encourage and expand parental involvement; ensuring parents are involved in violence and drug prevention programs so parents can reinforce the safe and drug-free message at home; requiring States and districts to annually review parental involvement and professional development activities of districts and schools to ensure the activities are effective; and requiring each local educational agency to make available to parents an annual report card which explains how a school is performing.  In addition, this week, several amendments I offered to further strengthen parental involvement were adopted. Key provisions were added to ensure that teachers will receive training on how to work with and involve parents in their child's education and to allow the use of technology to promote parental involvement. Most importantly, a grant fund of $100 million will be established to help districts implement effective parental involvement policies and practices. All of these changes go a long way to ensuring a coordinated focus on bringing schools and parents together in the effort to increase student achievement, something that is particularly needed in light of the bill's annual testing requirement and other accountability mechanisms.  Also, I am pleased that this bill contains important provisions from my Child Opportunity Zone Family Center legislation to foster the coordination and integration of key services to improve student learning.  In addition, I am pleased that the Senate handily rejected vouchers, which would have been the wrong approach to helping our public schools.  In the midst of all of these improvements, however, there are some troubling aspects to this legislation--the lack of guaranteed resources, the testing regime, and the Performance Agreement block grant.  While every Senator recognizes that historically, constitutionally and culturally, educational policy is the province of State and local governments, the Federal Government does play a role. And, we have played this role quite robustly since 1965. The role may be described as encouraging innovation and overcoming inertia at the local level so that every student in America, particularly students from disadvantaged backgrounds, has the opportunity to seize all the opportunities of this great country.  We have an obligation to continue to work with the States and localities, in a sense as their junior partner, but as an important partner, to ensure that every child in this country will have the ability to achieve and obtain a quality public education.  President Bush and our Republican colleagues claim that this bill will leave no child behind, but simply adding testing and flexibility to our elementary and secondary schools without providing adequate resources will not do the job.  I have had many opportunities to talk with the Secretary of Education and other leaders in this administration with respect to their education goals. They talk a good game. They talk about accountability; they talk about standards. But then when you ask them: Where are the resources? They say: Well, we really don't need resources.  That is just not the case. Every American understands that education is worthwhile and that we must invest in education, not just with words but with dollars, to make a high quality education a reality in the life of every child.  Access to increased resources and funding plays a crucial role in improving student achievement and turning around failing schools. For example, recent changes in the Texas public school financing system that preceded President Bush's terms as Governor of Texas have led to substantially equalized access to revenue for low and high income school districts. Accordingly, reports indicate that test scores in Texas have risen markedly in those poorest districts that received additional money under the new financing plan. This has been the case especially in Houston, the home of Secretary Paige.  Now, for the first time, these local school systems are getting the needed funding to repair and modernize their schools, reduce class size, improve professional development, and increase parental involvement--conduct the kinds of programs that really help children succeed. A school district cannot pay for these programs with accountability; real resources are necessary. In addition to the lack of a real commitment of resources beyond Senator Harkin's IDEA amendment, I am also particularly disappointed that both Senator Harkin's school construction amendment and Senator Murray's class size reduction amendment failed.  Another troubling aspect of this bill is structure of the mandate that States test each student from grades 3 to 8 in order to receive Federal education funding. We all recognize that testing is an essential part of education, but this mandate puts a lot of practical pressure on the States to harmonize their standards with their evaluations. Some States have found out it is not practical to give a test to every child every year because the tests have to be very individualized to capture all the nuances of those standards.  My sense is, and I have talked to educational experts in the States, the sheer requirement to test every child every year for grades 3 through 8 will inexorably lead the States to adopt standardized testing which may or may not capture the standards in that particular State. So this testing regime could unwittingly move away from one of the central elements we all agree on, carefully thought out standards and evaluations that measure those standards. And that is why I supported Senator Hollings amendment to give States flexibility to waive the mandate of annual testing if circumstances warrant. I am disappointed the amendment failed.  I hope we all recognize that testing alone is not sufficient to improve our schools. Identifying children who are falling behind and schools that are failing is just the first step. But, the hardest step is fixing the problem.  As we proceed to Conference, we need to ask ourselves: What are we really doing to our kids? I believe we are imposing very strict testing regimes upon our children. Yet if we don't provide adequate resources to support improvement, such as smaller class sizes and quality teachers, we will just be setting them up for failure. We will be turning our backs on the children of this country, and I am sure that is no one's intention. That is why I will continue to fight for adequate resources to make sure that every child truly has the opportunity to achieve.  Another aspect of this bill that is of great concern to me is the Performance Agreements demonstration program.  Otherwise known as Straight A's, this block grant has the potential to undermine the continued viability of important Federal standards, such as targeting funds to schools and children with the greatest needs, improving teacher quality, strengthening parental involvement, and providing children with safe and drug free schools.  We have a longstanding commitment to the children of this country to address the needs that the states and localities cannot. By placing Federal dollars into state and local block grants, without targeting the Federal dollars on programs identified to be of great national concern or ensuring compliance with Federal requirements and basic commonsense guidelines, we may be abandoning the neediest children of this country, denigrating parents' rights, and abrogating our commitment to ensure that every child has the opportunity to obtain a quality education.  In fact, the States' track record in ensuring that low-income students get their fair share of education funds is less than commendable. A March 2001Education Trust study of education finance equity found that in 42 of 49 states there are substantial funding gaps between high and low-poverty school districts. The average gap for the Nation was $1,139 per year per student. That translates into a total of $455,600 for a typical elementary school of 400 students.  The Performance Agreement pilot is also not a benign, limited demonstration project by any stretch of the imagination. Indeed, if the Secretary selects the 7 most populous States and the 25 largest school districts, the number of students subject to Straight A's would be as high as 51 percent of the Nation's student population.  For example, if the Secretary selects California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, Pennsylvania, and Ohio to participate in Straight A's, then, based on 1998 figures, approximately 23 million children would be subject to Straight A's. If the Secretary then chooses the 25 largest school districts in states other than those 7 states, then over 26 million children between the ages of 5 and 17 would be subject to Straight A's.  Earlier this week I discussed this issue and my amendment, No. 537, which sought to limit this unproven, Straight A's experiment to States and districts that serve a combined student population of 10 percent of the total national student population.  I believe we must have ample opportunity to review and analyze data regarding this program's effect and its impact on student achievement before we consider subjecting more than half of our Nation's children to this new and unproven initiative, and I will continue to pursue this issue of the scope and consequences of this ``demonstration project'' as we move forward into Conference.  Another problem with this program is its impact on key existing and new parental involvement protections.  During negotiations on the Performance Agreements, protections were added to ensure that some of the parental involvement requirements of title I would have to be followed. Unfortunately, those protections don't go far enough. Left unchanged, the bill would void large parts of the title I parent involvement requirements and other key parental involvement provisions that I, along with the National PTA, Chairman Kennedy, and others worked to include in this bill.  The last thing we should do is adopt an education bill that reduces parent involvement and family rights. We should not put families in a position where they find themselves with fewer rights by virtue of the fact that the State or district in which they live has chosen to participate in this program.  Every other initiative to provide flexibility to States and districts, including Ed-Flex, has put parent involvement provisions off limits, and this bill should too, and I will continue efforts to address this issue to ensure that we protect, rather than weaken, parental involvement as S. 1 moves to Conference. Our Nation's parents deserve nothing less.  Today, we live in a challenging, international economic order, and students from Rhode Island are not just competing with students from Mississippi and California; they are all competing against the very best and brightest around the globe. That requires investment. It requires raising our standards and giving every child a chance to reach those standards to ensure that we have the best-educated workforce that is competitive in a global economy.  If the education of our young people is truly the No. 1 domestic priority in the United States, as the President claims, then we must put our money where our mouth is. Unfortunately, we have not seen the administration come forward and pledge the kind of resources necessary to achieve any real reform. Instead, we are in danger of having a risky testing scheme and no accountability without the resources to make it all work.  While I support this bill and the significant reforms we have passed, I will continue to work vigorously to ensure that we provide every child with the opportunity to achieve a world-class education.  