President, I rise to express my support for the fiscal year 2002 Defense appropriations bill. I believe this bill reflects the difficult times we face, both in the bill's priorities and in the spirit of bipartisanship in which it was crafted. I want to commend the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for their patience and hard work.  I believe this bill provides funding for the urgent needs of military personnel who are risking their lives every day in this war against terrorism. It provides for a 5 percent increase in basic pay for all service members and a targeted pay raise for midgrade officers and E-4 to E-9 enlisted personnel. It increases readiness accounts by $9.6 billion to aid our soldiers and sailors carrying out Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Noble Eagle. In addition, while taking care of immediate needs, this bill also considers the future, and provides funding for the services' transformation.  One major transformation effort funded by this bill is the Navy's SSGN program. The President's budget request included a proposal to begin converting two of the four Trident submarines that would otherwise be retired under the Defense Department's plan to reduce the Trident ballistic missile submarine force from the current level of eighteen boats to a new level of fourteen boats. This bill adds $193 million to accelerate the program and preserve the option for converting all four boats.  These converted submarines will provide the Navy with next generation technology. In one scenario, the SSGN can be configured to carry as many as 154 tomahawk missiles, more missiles in one vessel than are now carried in an entire carrier battlegroup and almost as many tomahawks used in Operation Allied Force. During operations against Iraq and in Kosovo, several submarines and surface ships were dedicated solely for missile strikes. With the SSGN, one vessel would be dedicated for strike operations and the remaining platforms would be freed up for other missions. In addition, this strike capacity would remain hidden so it would retain the element of surprise and be relatively invulnerable to attack.  These converted submarines could also be configured to carry up to 66 special operations forces along with two advanced seal delivery systems or two drydock shelters. The ability to insert such a large number of special operations forces from a position of stealth would give the navy an unmatched capability to conduct covert operations or prepare for a larger landing force.  Operations in Afghanistan are revealing on a daily basis the need for the invaluable tools that the SSGN can provide. I am pleased that this bill is providing this funding.  Now, I would like to address an area of the bill where I have concerns. The recent events in Afghanistan and the reported attempts by Osama bin Laden to obtain chemical and biological weapons, and nuclear weapons materials and technology, including plutonium and highly enriched uranium, have increased the importance of the Nunn-Lugar programs at the Department of Defense and the related programs at the Department of Energy. These programs account for, secure and destroy weapons of mass destruction and supporting materials in Russia and the states of the former Soviet Union. I believe there is general consensus that these programs should not only be accelerated but that they should also be expanded.  As a result, I was surprised and disappointed when I saw that the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction program at the Department of Defense was cut in the Defense appropriations bill by $46 million. This cut is particularly troublesome because the fiscal year 2002 budget request for this program had already been reduced by $49 million by the administration. With this additional cut to Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction program the program is $85 million below the fiscal year 2001 funding level. This is a 19 percent reduction in this important program, a program which after September 11, is even more important.  I want to note that the additional supplemental funding that has been proposed would increase the funding for the companion programs at the Department of Energy, which I fully support, but there is no additional money for the Nunn- Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Programs at the Department of Defense in the proposed supplemental funding.  I hope the funds for the Nunn-Lugar programs can be restored at least to the budget request level of $403 million before deliberations on this bill are concluded .  I would also like to take a few minutes to discuss the funding for ballistic missile defense. Before September 11, ballistic missile defense was the administration's top priority. Today, despite weeks of evidence of other pressing needs and vulnerabilities that must be addressed, ballistic missile defense seems to still be the administration's top national security priority.  In its July budget submission, the administration requested a staggering $8.3 billion for ballistic missile defense, a 57 percent increase from last year's funding level. The consensus of the Democratic members of the Senate Appropriations Committee was that of the $8.3 billion proposed for missile defense, $1.3 billion was ill-considered, and could best be spent elsewhere, for example on counter-terrorism programs. This is consistent with the report of the Senate Armed Services Committee, which also recommended a $1.3 billion reduction for missile defense.  I find it interesting that today many of my colleagues opposed the homeland security provisions in this bill, stating there it was unwise to allocate additional funds despite the obvious needs. Yet, there is still support for a 57 percent increase in the ballistic missile defense accounts when the program addresses a remote threat and is in some respects overfunded.  Even if we had a working missile defense system, such a system could not have defended us from the attacks on the World Trade Center, nor the anthrax attacks, nor any of the other potential threats we face from worldwide terrorist networks.  The fact is that terrorist networks do not have ballistic missiles, let alone missiles capable of reaching the United States. A ballistic missile leaves an easily detectable ``return address'' against which the United States could immediately and devastatingly retaliate. Such a weapon is not appropriate for terrorists who operate in shadows and in caves, eluding and evading detection. Furthermore, what nation would allow a terrorist organization to launch a ballistic missile from its soil, knowing that it would mean certain destruction for that Nation?  Taking into account recent events, this appropriation bill places ballistic missile defense into a larger context and takes $1.3 billion of the $8.3 billion budgeted for missile defense and allocates it for missile defense and/or counterterrorism programs, whichever the President decides is in the best interest of national security. This provision is consistent with the fiscal year 2002 National Defense Authorization bill previously passed by the Senate.  Given the seriousness of the terrorist attacks on our country, and the continuing alerts of possible additional terrorist attacks, I urge President Bush to spend that $1.3 billion on counterterrorism programs. In the months following September 11, the nation has come to recognize just how vulnerable we are to the scourge of terrorism, and now many resources are needed to bolster our security. By contrast, if President Bush chooses to spend the $1.3 billion on missile defense, he will not be addressing the most likely and imminent threats we face, and he will not be furthering the cause of missile defense, either. That is because the $1.3 billion reduction approved by the Appropriations Committee is for activities that are ill-considered and poorly justified.  Four simple principles ought to apply to missile defense programs, or any other development program for that matter.  First, avoid deploying equipment that has not been thoroughly tested. We should know the equipment works prior to giving it to our soldiers.  Second, do not fund activities that cannot be executed. This simply wastes scarce resources.  Third, avoid excessive funding for non-specific activities without a firm justification or plan of how to spend the funding.  And finally, avoid undue program growth rates--programs that have been moving along well should not be drastically accelerated without justification.  The administration proposed spending over $200 million to procure 10 untested missiles and an untested radar for the THAAD theater missile defense system. The administration also proposed spending another $100 million to buy untested missiles for the Navy Theater-Wide system. These missiles would, if funded, permit the administration to claim ``contingency deployments'' for these systems by 2004, long before the systems are fully developed, tested and demonstrated to work effectively.  Deploying systems that are not fully developed and tested is not the best way to get an effective missile defense capability for our nation, nor is it a wise way to spend our defense dollars. To do this would be to invite what retired Air Force Chief of Staff General Larry Welch called a ``rush to failure,'' which we have previously experienced in missile defense programs, most notably in the THAAD program a few short years ago. We should not head down that road again. It leads to delays, cost overruns and program failure.  The administration's desire for ``contingency deployments'' is particularly puzzling since the administration itself has spoken out on the risks of such deployments. Lieutenant General Ronald Kadish, the Director of the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization, stated in his testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee that ``emergency deployments are disruptive and can set back normal development programs by years.'' Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz provided similar testimony to the committee.  The funding reductions for missile defense recommended by Senate Appropriations Committee would eliminate funding for ``contingency deployments'' of untested systems, freeing the funding for the fight against terrorism. I hope President Bush chooses to provide these funds for counter-terrorism rather than for ``contingency deployments'' of unproven missile defense systems.  Hundreds of millions more dollars were in the administration's request to accelerate missile defense programs that are not yet fully designed, and for testing of programs that haven't even been fully conceived. For example, the budget request included $50 million for development and testing of a sea-based boost program. However, the design of a sea-based boost system does not yet exist, and it is unreasonable to request funding to test a nonexistent system. The Appropriations Committee substantially reduced funding for this activity, to a level more appropriate to a program still in its conceptual stage. I strongly support this reduction.  The administration unduly accelerated a number of programs that are not ready for acceleration, thereby putting hundreds of millions of dollars at risk of being wasted on programs that will have to be reworked later. A prime example of this is the SBIRS-Low program, a very complex program of satellites intended to track missile targets by detecting the heat they emit while in space. Not only is this a very challenging mission, but the program has undergone substantial cost growth recently--the current cost estimate for the program now stands at over $20 billion. A few years ago the cost of three SBIRS-Low prototype satellites grew so high that the prototypes were canceled outright.  Substantial cost growth is indicative of programmatic problems which should be resolved before spending more on the program. Options to the current plan should be considered and weighed. Yet the administration has proposed over $380 million for SBIRS-Low in 2002, a 60 percent increase over last year's funding level. Such a huge funding increase is not appropriate. The Appropriations Committee recommended a reduction of $120 million for SBIRS-Low, and I think this reduction is very wise.  The Senate Appropriations Committee has given the President of the United States a very important choice to make. Following the lead of the Senate Armed Services Committee, the Appropriations Committee has recommended $1.3 billion of funding reductions for missile defense. These reductions are not based on ideology or partisanship. They are based on an objective technical assessment of each missile defense program, and are consistent with the four principles I outlined earlier.  Even with these reductions, the administration would still receive $7.0 billion for missile defense, 40 percent more funding than last year. By comparison, the Department of Defense only proposed $650 million for research in chemical and biological defense, a mere 16 percent more than last year.  The President can choose to spend the $1.3 billion the Senate Appropriations Committee has offered him on the real threats the nation is facing today--on combating terrorism. Or he can choose instead to spend that money on unwise, ill-justified ballistic missile defense programs that will not increase our Nation's security. I urge him to choose counter-terrorism.  This bill was drafted in trying times. It had to be immensely difficult to discern which of the innumerable pressing needs should receive scarce resources. I believe this appropriations bill strikes the proper balance and will provide our fighting men and women with what they need for victory. I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  