Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Utah for graciously yielding me this time.  I rise in strong support of the Hollings amendment. Senator Hollings recognizes that in the early seventies, in the wake of Watergate, this Congress passed what they thought was a comprehensive system of campaign finance reform. The two principal pillars of that reform were a limit on contributions by individuals to candidates and a limit on expenditures in the campaign by candidates. Just before the system even started, the Supreme Court struck down a major pillar in that structure, and this system has collapsed and has been falling apart since then.  The evidence is clear. Every election we see a huge explosion in spending because there are no limits on campaign expenditures. For candidates, it is almost akin to the nuclear arms race: You can never have enough money. You can never have enough because your opponent might get a little more, and unless we stop this race for dollars, we will not have true campaign finance reform in this country. We will not have a system of campaign finance reform.  Every time we pass legislation--and I commend wholeheartedly Senator McCain and Senator Feingold for their effort, and their effort is important, but we need this amendment to ensure we can create a system of campaign finance reform that will truly work.  As I said, and my colleague pointed out, there has been a huge explosion in spending. What has this done? Again, as Senator Biden pointed out, it certainly has put out of reach for so many Americans the idea of actually running for public office, at not just the Federal level but all levels.  It has done something else, something insidious: Questioning, in the minds of the American public, the legitimacy of what we do and for whom we do it. The idea of our Government is that we are servants of the people. Yet in the minds of so many Americans they see us as servants of special interests.  I was particularly struck by a poll taken by Princeton Survey Research Associates immediately after the election in 1996. Special interest groups inpolitics were rated a major threat to the future of this country. It was second only to international terrorism. In the minds of so many Americans, special interest politics is just as threatening to the future of this country as international terrorism.  We have to do something. We have to, I believe, support Senator Hollings in this amendment. He recognized that until we have the ability to truly create a system of campaign finance, we will always have this escalation of spending, this escalation of continued distrust by the American public of their political system.  The Court, in Buckley v. Valeo, made the presumption or the assumption that speech equals money or money equals speech. Frankly, that is not always the strain of constitutional theory that the Court has presented. For example, in 1966, in Harper v. Virginia Board of Elections, the Court struck down a poll tax of $1.50 in Virginia, declaring, ``Voter qualifications have no relation to wealth. . . .''  Later, in 1972, in Bullock v. Carter, they struck down candidate filing fees ranging from $150 to $8,900 for local office in Texas because the theory was that one should not have to pay to be a candidate, one should not have to have his or her test of qualification, even to vote or to run, based upon money.  The reality today is that to be a candidate, you have to have money. We spend a great deal of time trying to get that money.  The Court in Buckley v. Valeo erred dramatically. I do not think--and I am shared in this view by my colleague from Delaware--that money equals speech. In fact, I am a bit confused on constitutional theory why a contribution to a candidate can be limited, even though I might be making that my form of speech, yet we cannot limit the overall spending of a candidate in an election.  The Court in Buckley v. Valeo was wrong. The only way we get out is to pass the Hollings amendment and give them a way clear so they will, under the Constitution, recognize that not only should we but we can craft a comprehensive system of campaign finance reform.  This view is not particularly radical. In the 25 years since Buckley, more and more people have come to the conclusion that it was wrongly decided and that, in fact, we can and should impose limits on expenditures. Constitutional scholars, public officials at every level, State attorneys general, secretaries of state, all have suggested we can and should put a limit on expenditures. The States have acted. They have created legislatively a limit on expenditures. It was challenged in court, but for the first time a judge looked seriously at the record, a district court judge, and conditioned that perhaps there was a justification for this limit but, being a district court judge bound by the opinion in Buckley v. Valeo, struck down the provision.  Similar provisions are being litigated and have been litigated in Ohio, and they are being litigated today in the context of an Albuquerque, NM, city ordinance which provides for a limit.  We can give our colleagues and the Court the benefit of this amendment. We can give them the rationale to go ahead and do what I think should be done, to be able to limit expenditures so that every candidate has the right to spend a certain amount, but the spending will not overwhelm the true test of a race, which is the quality of their ideas and positions.  I yield the floor.  