President, I thank the Senators from Michigan and Virginia not only for their gracious offer of the opportunity to speak this afternoon but also for their work as chairman and ranking member of this committee. I thank Chairman Levin and Senator Warner for their leadership.  I rise this afternoon in support of this authorization bill for the Department of Defense for the year 2002. It comes at a critical time in history where we have to prepare for a series of threats, both anticipated before September 11 and now understood very well after September 11.  I also speak specifically with respect to my responsibility as chairman of the Strategic Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee. In that regard, I first thank and commend Senator Wayne Allard of Colorado, the ranking member. Senator Allard did a tremendous amount of work, and his perseverance, diligence, his good humor, and his cooperation were essential to the legislation we are contemplating and considering today. He has truly done a remarkable job. It was a distinct pleasure and honor working with him. I thank him for his activities.  The jurisdiction of the Strategic Subcommittee has a very wide swath, including space and space systems, strategic programs, intelligence, reconnaissance and surveillance programs, ballistic missile defense programs, and Defense-funded programs at the Department of Energy.  The Strategic Subcommittee held hearings on all of the matters of jurisdiction, including reports of the Space Commission and the National Reconnaissance Organization Commission. We had extensive hearings, particularly on the ballistic missile defense organization. We had at one point a 5-hour hearing on their plans and programs for this year. We also had a very useful and instructive hearing on the status of our long-range bomber force. Even though we had a compressed timeframe to consider these issues because of the late submission of the budget, the Strategic Subcommittee conducted extensive hearings.  The result is the legislation we have before the Senate, a product of these hearings, and of hard work, particularly by the staff. I commend and compliment the staff for their intense effort and their thorough analysis of the requests made to the committee.  Based upon these hearings and this extensive analysis, we were able to increase, in many critical areas, authorization for programs. In providing additional funds for these programs, we were guided by the recommendations of the military services themselves. We were very attentive to the unfunded requests outlined and identified by the Departments of the Air Force, Army, Navy, and Marine Corps, their so-called wish lists. That gave us a sense of where we had to apply additional resources. We tried to do that.  Now, with respect to space and space systems, we understand the United States has a continuing and increased reliance on access to space. For space programs, we added $53.9 million to improve readiness and operations of safety at the east and west coast space launch and range facilities. This was the Air Force's No. 1 unfunded priority. We were able to fund a significant portion of their request.  We also added funds to the Air Force to improve its space surveillance capabilities and its communications capabilities. With the additional funds we have provided in this legislation, the Air Force will be able to exercise an option to buy additional wide band gap-filler satellites to ensure global wide band communications capability. Again, as we contemplate and prepare for extensive operations around the world directed at those who attacked us, these types of global communications become more and more critical to the successful operations not only of the Air Force but of our ground elements and all of the elements in the Department of Defense.  In the area of strategic systems, we have included a provision consistent with the requests by the Department of Defense and the administration that would repeal section 1302 of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 1998. Section 1302 required the Secretary of Defense to stay at the START I nuclear force structure level until such time as START II enters into force. This provision, the provision we have included, will allow significant immediate reduction in the number of strategic nuclear warheads, and will continue the transition of our forces away from a cold war structure without having to wait for START II to enter into force.  Also related to the repeal of section 1302 is the inclusion within the bill of funds to allow the Air Force to begin to retire the Peacekeeper ICBMs beginning next year. This is consistent with the overall thrust of the administration to make reductions in our nuclear force structure.  We are awaiting a nuclear posture review, due in the next few weeks. But we are giving the administration what they desire and what we think is appropriate: the authority to begin to make reductions in our nuclear forces and the money to begin immediately to retire the Peacekeeper ICBMs.  Also in the strategic area, we have included a provision that would direct the Secretary of the Air Force to keep the full fleet of B-1B bombers in place, including those B-1B bombers that are assigned to the Air National Guard until both the Quadrennial Defense Review and the Nuclear Posture Review are completed and the Secretary has thoroughly reviewed the missions of the B-1B bomber fleet. We have included the necessary $100 million in operations and maintenance funds to keep the B-1B bombers flying in fiscal year 2002.  I also suggest and point out the B-1B bombers are among those assets that have been identified and notified for possible forward deployment in support of our antiterrorist operations.  As we today and in the future place increased reliance on our bomber fleet, not only have we dealt with the B-1B bomber force, we have also added an additional $125 million for much needed upgrades to the B-2 bomber and the B-52 bomber. We have all watched recently as those B-52s left Barksdale Air Force Base in support, again, of our antiterrorist operations, so it is essential to support these Air Force aircraft also.  In the intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance area, we have continued the emphasis started by Senator Warner on transforming our military forces by promoting unmanned aerial vehicles. This bill includes an additional $64.2 million for unmanned aerial vehicles. As we improve the capability of these vehicles, we will rely on them for a growing list of missions. Once again, in any type of counterterrorism operation where we need relatively low-level, nonobservable, we hope, observation from the sky and where we are unwilling to risk pilots, these vehicles are terribly useful.  Last year we sponsored a demonstration for the Global Hawk system in an air surveillance role. This bill includes funding for a signals intelligence demonstration project using the Global Hawk UAV. We think it is an important addition to our repertoire of overhead reconnaissance.  Another responsibility of the Strategic Subcommittee is the defense-funded programs at the Department of Energy with the exception of the nonproliferation programs. These DOE programs include environmental cleanup programs, the Stockpile Stewardship Program, and intelligence and counterintelligence programs.  This bill would add approximately $855 million for these important programs. The budget request for these programs was not sufficient to cover all the needs for DOE to comply with its cleanup agreements or to improve the conditions of the production complex or to complete stockpile life extension programs. Additional resources are needed to not only maintain weapons reliability and our ability to safeguard the stockpile, but also our responsibility to clean up sites that have been polluted by nuclear processes in the past.  We recognize that more money may be needed but this is a substantial downpayment on cleanup and stockpile security programs. The additional funding included $422 million for the DOE environmental programs and $500 million for the National Nuclear Security Administration.  In addition to the extra funding for DOE programs, we have included legislative provisions to streamline the DOE polygraph program and help the National Nuclear Security Administration complete its reorganization. As we all know, the initial response prompting these programs, the polygraph program and the creation of NNSA, was the situation of security breaches in our nuclear laboratories. We hope and believe that is a thing of the past because of our emphasis on streamlined security procedures and a more rational, robust, and efficient NNSA.  One of the most controversial elements of our deliberations involve ballistic missile defense. Let me say initially that there is a consensus on the committee that we need robust research and development of ballistic missile defense and immediate deployment of theater missile defenses to counter the threat. But it turns out that when you come to national missile defense there are two schools of thought. There are those who might say it will never work and those who say we don't care if it works, we need it. The reality is somewhere in between. We have a strong obligation to test and develop national missile defenses so we can bring, we hope, that technology to bear to defend the country. But we have to be careful not to deploy something that will not work. That is what we have attempted to do in this legislation, to provide a counter to immediate threats but also ensure that we spend money wisely, with the ultimate goal of producing a technology that works, not fielding a technology that doesn't work.  Let me first discuss the threat that we see before us immediately. It is most easily divided, I think, into the theater threats, short-range, less than 1,000 kilometers, and medium range, 1,000 to 3,000 kilometers, and then those national threats, ICBMs that can travel more than 5,500 kilometers.  You can see there is a large number of countries that have theater missile capability, and it is growing each and every day. These are the threats that immediately challenge our troops in the field, that immediately involve American interests through our forces and our allies throughout the world.  When you go to the area of national missile defense, we know the Russians have thousands of missiles, the Chinese approximately 20, and then it is uncertain, frankly. As we all know, there is a strong suspicion that the North Koreans have this capability. There is certainly an indication other countries want this capability. But it is clear to us, and it should be clear to the American public, that the great, immediate threat that should prompt our immediate response is in the area of theater missile defense. This authorization responds to that grave theater missile defense threat.  It responds also to the national missile defense threat by continuing to support robust funding for research and development.  Let me give an overview of the funding levels that we have recommended for the ballistic missile defense program. It is good, I think, to begin with our baseline, which is last year's authorization: $5.1 billion overall--national missile defense and theater missile defense, as indicated on this bar graph. The ``other'' category simply refers to other nonspecific BMDO-wide activities such as program operation and other generally supporting programs. The request by the administration was $8.3 billion, about a 60-percent increase, the largest request for any particular category in this DOD authorization. In this chart, you can see roughly the breakout between ``other,'' national missile defense, and theater missile defense.  After very careful consideration of each and every program, after hours of hearings and discussions with the officers in charge of BMDO, and other officials, we made adjustments unrelated to the debate about the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, related simply to several principles that are important.  Avoid contingency deployments--avoid deploying equipment that has not been thoroughly tested and we are not quite sure will work.  Do not fund activities that cannot be executed this year. We have scarce resources. We are about to mount a worldwide campaign against terror and terrorists who struck us and to fund things this year that cannot be performed when we have other glaring needs, to me is not the way to spend our money wisely and to support our troops appropriately.  Also, to avoid excessive nonspecific funding, requests for large amounts of money without any real plan to spend it--the sense I got from listening to the Administration is that they will figure out what they are doing on the run.  That is not the way to develop a system that is going to protect the United States.  Finally, avoid an undue program growth rate--programs that have been moving along with good progress and suddenly are going to be accelerated without justification for the acceleration.  Those are the principles we used to decide program-by-program adjustments we would be making.  The effect was to reduce the overall budget to $7 billion, almost $2 billion more than last year's authorization; specifically, to increase theater missile defense by $600 million, the immediate threat, while reducing the administration's request for national missile defense yet still increasing that budget by $1.1 billion. This was a robust authorization for ballistic missile defense.  The committee decisions have been impacted, of course, by what we did last week. In the manager's amendment, we added back the $1.3 billion we had cut. But we have given the President the opportunity to use this money for either ballistic missile defense or for antiterrorism activity.  I hope he will look at what we have done, and while looking at the ability to deploy systems that aren't ready and activities that can't really be executed this year, that he will wisely spend that $1.3 billion for antiterrorism in the conduct of this campaign that threatens America today. If he does that, we will still be on the path to a strong theater missile defense and a strong national missile defense, but we will be able to affect the immediate crisis we face with more resources. I hope he makes that choice. The legislation we presented him after last week's amendment will give him that choice.  Let me try to go into some detail about the recommendations.  Again, I hope the President and DOD will take our work and use it to form their views with respect to the additional $1.3 billion.  As I mentioned, we have increased theater missile defense by $626 million. We have tried to identify with surety well-defined programs such as the PAC-3 Program, which is just ready for deployment, and the THAAD Program, and to fund them robustly. We have also tried to increase resources for the Navy Area Defense Program and the Airborne Laser to resolve emerging technical problems to keep them on schedule.  In addition to these programs, we have added $76 million to the administration's request for the Arrow Missile System. The Arrow is a joint Israeli-United States project. These funds will help make the Arrow interoperable with our forces. It is an essential part of the development. Today that is one of the few theater missile defense systems that is fielded and operational.  We have also gone ahead and looked at some of these ill-advised contingency deployments.  We save $390 million by not funding untested THAAD missiles, Navy Theater-Wide missiles, premature THAAD radar, and Airborne Laser components. We save over $200 million by rationalizing the Navy Theater-Wide test and radar development programs while funding tests for Block 1 missiles and asking the Secretary of Defense for future plans on Navy Theater-Wide.  When it comes to national missile defense, I also pointed out that we have increased last year's authorization by a total of $1.1 billion. It would fund a new midcourse test bed. It would provide 20 percent more for NMD, but it would save over $500 million by moderating growth in the NMD system and reducing funding for nonexecutable programs--those programs which we think, after careful analysis, cannot be completed in this year's authorization.  We also have saved over $200 million by reducing excessive funding for activities not associated with specific programs--essentially large categories of money with very little justification. All of this money can now be used, pursuant to the amendment of last week, for counterterrorism operations, all the things we know we have to do today, and I hope we do today.  We have also funded the request by the administration for a test bed in Alaska. Even though there is a great deal of controversy about the efficacy of this test bed to test missiles, even though there is a suggestion that it could be used for deployment which would raise issues under the ABM Treaty, we have tried to give the administration the benefit of the doubt by not only significantly increasing resources but also assuming that they are working very diligently not to arbitrarily move away from the treaty but to comply with it until they are forced otherwise.  This approach of giving the administration not only permission but authority to establish their test bed is again another commitment to do everything we can to promote research and development of a national missile defense system. As we go forward, we hope we can continue working closely with the administration.  Let me also point out that our response to the proposal by the administration for missile defense was prompted not by an ideological approach to BMD but by a desire to see a program that works. We tried to base our judgments on the experience of these programs before.  One of the most influential aspects of our review was considering the report of General Welch, the former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force, who conducted a thorough study of the THAAD system, the theater high-altitude system. A few years ago, this system was going nowhere, with test failure after test failure. General Welch was asked to come in and look at the program, analyze its faults, and point out whether it could be saved and how it could be saved. His conclusions were very instructive to our deliberations.  First of all, the Welch panel, set up by the BMD office to look at the failure in this theater high-altitude program, concluded that the THAAD program's ``rush-to-failure'' was caused in part by the decision to buy operational missiles early. That was the key factor in the difficulties of this program. Until they got back to careful, thorough development with requirements and objectives, this program was in danger of failing. If it failed, it would be a significant loss to the Nation.  The same logic was echoed by GEN Kadish, director of BMDO, when he testified that ``emergency deployments are disruptive and can set back normal development programs by years.'' That is precisely what the administration was urging us to do in this authorization--to accelerate deployment before we had done the testing, to buy missiles that were untested, to rush to failure.  I argue very strenuously that if the program adopted by the administration is to simply take this $1.3 billion back and plug it right back into this program, it will be a rush to failure, and it will defeat what we all want to see--the immediate deployment of effective theater missile defenses and the deployment, subject to considerations of international law and treaties at this point, of an effective national missile defense.  Until we have the testing and the development completed, deployment is something that is both premature and ultimately harmful to the program development. The program should be careful and deliberate, and we hope ultimately successful. As the Welch report concluded, attempting to deploy minimal operational capability early ``is unlikely to be productive for programs of this complexity. The drive for early capability is proving to be counterproductive.''  I hope the administration takes these words to heart. Much of what we suggested in terms of funding reductions was based upon this logic--the logic of seasoned professionals who looked closely at this program and who want these programs to succeed but understand that they have to be done thoroughly and carefully, and not rushed to failure.  As we go forward, we will, I am sure, continue this debate about nationalmissile defense and ballistic missile defense, and a host of other issues. I hope and I know the full Senate has the same type of very constructive and very helpful debate that the members of my subcommittee and the members of the full committee had because I think it is important to have this type of significant debate as we go forward about issues. We have tried to do this, and we have tried to do it thoroughly. I believe we have produced, at the subcommittee level, and the full committee, a thoughtful and very logical and very defensible product.  Today we are in this Chamber presenting the administration with the opportunity to use these resources to counter terrorism or to go back and invest in programs of dubious immediate efficacy and efficiency and worth for the national defense. Again, I hope that the administration does this.  Let me just make brief comments about the situation with respect to the ABM treaty which, I point out, was separated from the logic of this discussion.  Regardless of the existence of an ABM treaty, our responsibility is to look closely at every one of these programs and to conclude which ones have real value for national defense and which ones are simply not worth the effort in terms of the resources committed this year. We did that--regardless of the existence of the ABM treaty. But the ABM treaty is a factor that has to be considered when you talk about national missile defense.  The point I make is that many things changed on September 11. One thing that changed is the appreciation, I believe, by all of us and the administration that we need the help and the cooperation of the world community to beat our enemy, to beat the terrorists, to root out these networks out and destroy them.  In that context, I suggest and advise that it would be very counterproductive for immediate and unilateral departure from the ABM treaty, because of the consequences it would produce. That advice, I hope, is taken to heart by the President.  The President clearly has the authority today to withdraw from a treaty. We attempted--and we continue to attempt in separate legislation--to provide a forum for this Senate at least to consider a proposed departure from the ABM treaty. But until that other legislation is considered, and perhaps passed, it is clear that the President has this right.  But today, as we assemble a world coalition to fight people who have harmed us--grievously--I would think that he would be very careful not to withdraw because we need the support of many nations. I think it is particularly inappropriate and premature to do that since I believe we do not have the technology today that will, in fact, be capable of deployment within the next few months, perhaps the next few years.  While we are developing the technology, we should be very careful about undermining the stability of international relations, particularly at a time when we are reaching out to nations across the globe, including our European allies, including Russia, including China, asking them all to stand with us and to trust our judgment and our leadership as we go forth to counter and destroy the common enemy, the terrorists in the world.  So I believe among the many things that have changed on September 11 is the attitude that was demonstrable in the administration that we can go it alone, that we don't need many other people; it is our way or the highway. We are now on a common path, we hope, to overcome and defeat the terrorists. This is not time to debate the language that was embodied in the original version of the bill which passed the committee. I do hope there is a more appropriate time soon.  We are in this Chamber today at a momentous time in our history. All of us are committed to giving our Department of Defense every resource it needs to defend this country and, most specifically, to destroy those who attacked us and attempted to destroy us. It is in that spirit we continue these deliberations. It is in that spirit we will pass this legislation. And it is in that spirit we will triumph and prevail.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Carper). Under the previous order, the Senator from Alabama is recognized.  