President, I rise to speak in opposition to the confirmation of Gale Norton as Secretary of the Interior. After thorough consideration of her record and her recent testimony before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I have reluctantly concluded that Ms. Norton is not the right person to serve as the chief steward of our nation's public lands.  Ms. Norton stated at her confirmation hearings earlier this month that she would feel ``very comfortable'' enforcing federal environmental laws as they are written. Unfortunately, her record of two decades in private and public life strongly suggests that she will do so with little enthusiasm, and, where the law gives her discretion--which it often does--she will favor resource extraction over resource protection.  Ms. Norton's employment history and legal writings reflect a consistent record of supporting industry and developers over wildlife and public lands protection, even going so far as to argue to the U.S. Supreme Court that the Endangered Species Act and the Surface Mining and Reclamation Act--both of which she would administer if confirmed--are unconstitutional. She has repeatedly taken the position that the federal government lacks the constitutional power to address a wide range of environmental harms, a view that is diametrically opposed to a long line of Supreme Court rulings and is hard to reconcile with the Secretary of the Interior's role in managing our precious natural resources.  President Bush and Ms. Norton support opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas exploration. I oppose drilling in the ANWR, and I believe a bipartisan majority in the Senate feels the same way, but let me emphasize that my opposition to this nomination is not about a policy disagreement over ANWR. It is about whether we will have an Interior Secretary who will provide aggressive oversight of industries that have been granted the privilege to seek profits on federal land--whether in the ANWR (should Congress ever approve such activity) or in the hundreds of other magnificent places owned by the taxpayers of this country.  The President committed during his campaign to come to Washington to unite the nation and to work with Congress to protect America's environment. That makes his choice of Ms. Norton to head the Interior Department all the more disappointing. With so many outstanding public servants across this country to choose from, including both Republicans and Democrats with substantial experience managing public lands and a balanced view on the best use of those lands, it is regrettable that President Bush chose someone who has spent so much of her professional life working against the very mission of the Department she would oversee and, more importantly, the laws she would enforce.  I must, therefore, cast my vote against the confirmation of Ms. Norton. I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I hope that if she is confirmed Ms. Norton will set aside her long-held views and work with Congress to protect our public lands for generations to come.  