President, after listening to the testimony given before the United States Senate Judiciary Committee and after much reflection, I decided to oppose the nomination of John Ashcroft as Attorney General of the United States.  This has been a difficult decision; one that I take very seriously. Just as the Constitution gives the President the unfettered right to submit nominees to the Senate, the Constitution requires the Senate to give ``Advice and Consent'' on such nominations.  The Senate does not name a President's Cabinet, but it also does not merely rubber stamp his choices. Senatorial consent must rest on a careful review of a nominee's record and a thoughtful analysis of a nominee'sability to serve not just the President, but the American people.  Unlike other cabinet positions, the Attorney General has a very special role--decisively poised at the juncture between the executive branch and the judicial branch. In addition to being a member of the President's Cabinet, the Attorney General is also an officer of the federal courts and the chief enforcer of laws enacted by Congress.  He is in effect the people's lawyer, responsible for fully, fairly and vigorously enforcing our nation's laws and Constitution for the good of all.  In addition to being intellectually gifted, legally skilled and of strong moral character, I believe that the position of Attorney General requires an outlook and temperament that will allow the American people to believe that he will champion their individual rights more than any particular and potentially divisive dogma.  During the past several weeks, I have listened to John Ashcroft's words in the context of his lifetime of public conduct. As a state attorney general, a governor and a United States Senator, he has established a pattern of activism that challenges important civil and individual rights.  Instead of being a positive force for reconciling the races, as Missouri's Attorney General John Ashcroft conducted a futile struggle to frustrate the voluntary integration of public schools.  He fought a voluntary desegregation plan for the city of St. Louis, showed defiance of the courts in those proceedings and used that highly charged issue for political advantage instead of for constructive action.  Instead of accepting commonsense approaches to limiting the damage done by guns in our society, he has rigidly worked against such solutions--such simple solutions as asking that guns be sold with safety locks  He also has aggressively worked to dismantle some of our country's most basic legal tenets, such as the separation between church and state.  On the nomination of Judge Ronnie White to the United States Federal court, he appears to have mischaracterized Judge White's record unfairly, and at the end of the process, raising issues that really did not go to the merits of Judge White's nomination. This raises serious concerns and questions about both his sense of fair play and his respect for judicial independence.  In sum, although he claims he will enforce the letter of the law, I fear he will not recognize the true spirit of the law.  I believe he will use the considerable power of the Attorney General in directing resources, initiating lawsuits, and interpreting the law to clearly and consciously impose his views as he has done in the past.  His views are not the views of a vast majority of Americans, regardless of political affiliation.  Given the extremely divisive nature of the last election, and the nature of some of the voting irregularities, our nation needs an Attorney General who can lead us on critical civil rights issues, unite us in the pursuit of justice, and help heal some of these wounds.  I believe that John Ashcroft lacks the temperament needed to serve as Attorney General of the United States and I cannot support his nomination as our next Attorney General.  I yield the floor. I note the absence of a quorum.  