President, I rise in opposition to the Gregg-Hutchinson amendment which authorizes a voucher program for private schools for 7 years, encompassing 10 cities and 3 States. I don't believe this is an appropriate educational policy we should be pursuing. Our first and foremost commitment should be to strengthen and improve reform of public education.  Frankly, as we go forward with the constrained resources, that primary challenge will be difficult to achieve. Dissipating funds for vouchers for private schools to me is not the appropriate response to a crisis in public education in the United States. For over 30 years, the Federal Government has made a commitment to help the students of America throughout the public education system. Particularly, we have committed to ensuring that low-income students are given a chance to succeed. We have created reforms over the last several years to help improve the learning environment and ensure a vigorous public education. Back in 1994 we streamlined reform of the title I program and other Federal programs. The thrust, the purpose, the constant theme is how we can help, working with the States and localities, to improve public education to ensure that every family in America has an opportunity to send their children to excellent, free, public schools.  This amendment takes us off that track, off that purpose. It would not improve public education in the United States. It would not respond to the need for safe schools, quality teachers, smaller classes, buildings that are well repaired and well maintained, or greater parental involvement. It would not ensure that all students reach high academic standards. It diverts scarce Federal resources from the public schools, our first and foremost priority. And it does so at a time when the massive tax cut that has just been passed weakens our ability to respond to the overwhelming needs of public education throughout this country.  As a result, I do not believe we should engage in this policy endeavor. In a world of finite resources, we have to be careful and conscious of our obligations to public education and our foremost responsibility, to ensure that public education is well served.  There are proponents of this legislation who say this amendment is really about giving families a choice. I do not believe this really is an issue of choice. Realistically, this amendment will never reach all the children in all the failing schools. So we know, even if this amendment is adopted and accepted, there will be children left behind in failing schools. That is not a choice for parents.  It seems to me, then, that we have to go back to our initial purpose, which is to try to improve every school in this country so no parent has to keep their children in a public school that is not performing. We need to give parents real choice, and we do not deal with the issue of choice by dissipating resources, by inviting some children to go to private schools and leaving others behind. We do it by confronting our responsibilities to reform each and every public school in this country.  There are other issues that complicate this approach to choice. First, giving a voucher to a family for their child does not ensure that child can go to the school the family chooses. Frankly, the nature of private education is they exclude students. They exclude students because they are not smart enough. They exclude students because they just do not fit in with their approach to education. They exclude students because, frankly, they are difficult or have discipline problems. Public education cannot do that. Public education has to be inclusive. Public education has to reach out and embrace every child--those who are difficult and those who are honor students.  So this approach to reform fails on one other principal ground. We are not giving every family the full range of choice because private schools will exclude again and again and again. That is the nature of being a private enterprise. That, in some respects, some might argue, is one of their strengths. They can ensure all the children are part of their patent, that they fit in. That is not a luxury, frankly, that public education has. We have to recognize that. So this argument of choice is not something I think really carries the day.  Also, there are other issues. If we do embark on a voucher program such as this, it will invariably raise issues of the rights of parents to demand entry to these private schools. It will raise issues of whether or not it is conscionable to exclude these children, who now have public funds, from these schools. So there may be many in the private education community who would like to see this development, but they might, when it becomes, or if it becomes, a reality, think otherwise.  There are many things we have to do to ensure the education of the young people in America is excellent. We have to raise standards. We have to improve the professional development of teachers in public education. We have to enhance the ability of our schools to embrace and bring parents into the school system. We have to ensure that the buildings, the very buildings that children occupy, are places where they feel comfortable in terms of security and safety, in terms of just the feeling of being in a place that is esteemed enough to have the floors clean, the ceilings fixed, all the facilities working. There are too many schools in America that fail that test.  There are too many schools that do not have the appropriate programs toinvolve parents. There are too many schools that are not conscious of doing their best--too many public schools in this country. That is where our attention must lie. That is where our focus must lie. That is the purpose for which we come here--to ensure every public school in this country offers the families of America excellent, free, public education.  To embark on this approach of vouchers for private education is a mistake. It dissipates our resources. It also does not truly give the families of America choice.  There are today, within the public system, more and more opportunities for parents to choose among different schools within that public school system. There is the recognition that public systems simply cannot stand pat any longer, they have to improve the quality of education, they have to reach out to teachers and parents and the community at large to restore trust, to rebuild not just the physical structure of the school, but also the educational scope and commitment to excellence of all schools. That is their job.  We can help, not by providing vouchers for private education, but by funding and authorizing programs that will require, and insist, that every public school in this country meets the standards of excellence. I hope we will do this.  I hope we will reject this amendment and get on with the business of the education bill before us and make a real commitment to public education.  Mr. President, I will yield the floor, but on behalf of Senator Kennedy, at this time I will yield 10 minutes to the Senator from California, Mrs. Boxer.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from California is recognized.  