President, I thank Senator Kennedy for those very kind and gracious words.  Today represents the culmination of a very long process to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It has been difficult and daunting, and at times very frustrating. We are here today because of the work of many people. But singular among those people is the senior Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the committee, Mr. Kennedy. His determination, his creativity, his persistence, his unwillingness to accept anything less than a bill that would materially aid children of America in their education is today manifest on the floor of the Senate. We owe him a great debt of thanks and great praise.  Of course, he was part of the process with our other colleagues, Senator Gregg, the ranking member, and, in the other body, Congressman Boehner and Congressman Miller, with whom I had the privilege of serving on the Education Committee when I was in the other body.  A great deal of the tone, texture, and change in spirit was the result of President Bush's commitment to work for education, and doing so in a bipartisan way.  Today we see the culmination of that long and at times trying process. Today we have legislation which represents, I believe, an advance in giving every child an opportunity to learn and an opportunity to be educated in this country, which is the greatest opportunity one can ever have.  We are building on previous efforts. As a younger Member of the other body, I served on the conference committee for the Goals 2000 Act and the 1994 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It was there that we talked about tougher accountability and stronger insistence that the States step in when schools are failing. We insisted upon higher standards. We met resistance, but we insisted. We did not go as far then as I believe we could have gone, or should have gone. But today I believe there is vindication of those efforts almost 8 years ago when we talked about insisting that schools be held accountable and that real money flow to schools so that children can learn. We have taken steps in the intervening years as a result of Goals 2000 and the 1994 reauthorization.  In every State in the country, there has been some effort. In my State of Rhode Island, there has been a great deal of effort, and I commend my local leaders for what they have done to move education forward.  As we approached this reauthorization, there were several important goals that I believed we must achieve.  First, we should strengthen and build upon the accountability system that was developed in the 1994 reauthorization.  Then we should ensure that the President's proposals for testing in grades 3 through 8 have appropriate guidelines and not unduly harm students or the educational initiatives that are already underway in many States, including in my home State of Rhode Island; that we should also offer increased flexibility; and that we should insist upon high standards but give the States and the communities the ability to reach those standardsthrough means that they could choose locally.  Then, finally--and I believe most importantly--we had to give the States the resources to make the changes that were urged upon them. We had to give them the resources to meet those standards.  These are the parameters I used to judge the legislation that is before us. I believe we have in a very meaningful way met those expectations.  Having erected a structure of accountability, having sensitized the schools of this country to be more sensitive to performance and to better teaching and to parental involvement, the test now is making sure that the States, the cities, and the towns in America have the resources to do the job. That is the test we will be taking in the years ahead.  As Senator Kennedy stated, there were some particular issues in which I was interested. I am pleased to say we have made progress on those issues.  In the area of school libraries, I have long been a firm believer that good school libraries mean good education. Study after study has concluded that if there are good school libraries in school systems, those schools will succeed. In fact, there have been studies in diverse communities, such as in Colorado, Pennsylvania, and Alaska, which indicate that a good school library means better performance, regardless of geographic area and regardless of income. It is just one of those obvious points to which people will agree. But the real challenge is to go beyond the nodding of the head in agreement to the funding and support for school libraries.  Interestingly enough, Dr. Susan Neuman, the Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education in the Bush administration, is one of the experts in this regard. She found through her research that limited access to books leads to poor academic achievement. Unfortunately, if you look at school libraries, particularly in poor communities in this country, they are starved for resources, for space, and for trained librarians and library assistants. As a result, it is no wonder that this is another burden on the education of children, particularly children from disadvantaged areas.  I was mystified when I arrived in the other body in 1991 that the Republicans eliminated direct support of libraries back in 1981 as part of the Reagan revolution. In 1994, working with Senator Kennedy, Senator Bingaman, and Senator Pell, my distinguished predecessor, we were able to reestablish a school library program. Another of the great heroes of that effort was Senator Paul Simon of Illinois.  Sadly, within months of completing the reauthorization in 1994, the new Republican Congress eliminated the library program as an authorized program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  This year, however, with President Bush's emphasis on increasing reading skills and literacy, and developing teachers who are adept at teaching reading, there was another opportunity to push forward on the issue of school libraries. The President's initiative seeks to increase professional development for teachers to improve reading instruction. However, it makes little sense to me to have better reading teachers and children eager to learn to read but libraries that are deplorably inadequate.  I have been sent materials from time to time by librarians from across the country. A librarian from Arizona sent me a book about the U.S. Constitution which I thought was interesting, particularly when I noted that the foreword was written by the distinguished President, Calvin Coolidge. It was still on the shelves of this library several years ago. I believe when President Coolidge wrote his foreword there were several amendments to the Constitution that had not yet been adopted.  That is just one example of books that are terribly out of date. Some of them are terribly offensive with respect to stereotypes of today, and which we would abhor, but are still on the shelves of many school libraries.  If we are going to train teachers to be better reading instructors, if we are going to embrace the eager young children and challenge them to read, we have to give them the materials to read.  I was extremely pleased, particularly when this legislation came to the floor and Senator Collins, Senator Snowe, Senator Chafee, and others joined me in passing an amendment that would authorize $500 million to support school libraries. It was a 69-to-30 vote--a clear indication that this Senate on a bipartisan basis was standing strongly behind school libraries and school librarians.  We took this issue to the conference, and we were successful in the conference. We now have legislation in this report that once again supports school libraries. But the challenge remains to translate these very noble words into real dollars in the next budget cycle.  With respect to parental involvement, Senator Kennedy also indicated that this legislation strongly reflects an emphasis on parental involvement.  Once again, parental involvement is not something that is just nice to do, something that is good socially; it is the heart of a good educational system in this country and any place in the world.  Research has indicated that if you have strong parental involvement, you will have better performance from students. Students need to know that their parents care about education. They need to know that their parents care about what they are doing and learning.  In 1999, I introduced the PARENT Act, legislation which I developed in conjunction with the National PTA to implement effective ways to include parents in the lives of schools. Some would say: Why do we need to do that? We need to do that because today there are parents who--simply because of time constraints, because both spouses are working, because they have children in three different elementary schools--do not have the same kind of opportunities, if you will, to be part of the life of their school as, perhaps, our parents did. So we have to develop new and different techniques to reach out and involve these parents.  Then we have parents who themselves have been very unfulfilled by the educational process. Their educational experience was deplorable or something they do not want to recall. Those parents find it difficult, in many cases, to be effective teachers of their children because of the apprehension, if you will, about school. We have to reach those parents.  In the past, we have tried to do this, particularly through the title I program. A 2001 study by several academics looked at the title I program. They found that title I schools have always talked about parental involvement. There has been a model to bring parents in as collaborators.  In the past, in our reauthorizations, we have tried to stress parental involvement. In 1983, we said you have to have an annual meeting in a title I school with the parents. In 1988, we talked about involving parents in planning and providing more information to parents. In 1994, we said districts have to spend at least 1 percent of title I moneys on parental involvement. That is all well and good, very noble words. But, once again, there was very limited accountability, very limited oversight.  As a result, there has been very limited participation by parents, particularly in those difficult areas where disadvantaged students and disadvantaged parents are likely to be.  So it is no surprise that when the PTA surveyed the parents of America, fully 50 percent said they were inadequately informed about what is going on in the school. They felt they could not participate in their school. They felt the school was not user friendly to them, the parents.  So working with the PTA, and others, we tried to craft legislation that would, once again, in a meaningful way, attempt to involve parents in every school in America by adding accountability to title I; not just a list of things you have to do, but an insistence that these things be done: Provide parental access to information about their children's education, make sure there is an active and effective and ongoing collaboration with schools, require states to disseminate to every school research-based practices that work to actually involve parents.  We also, when we looked at some of the other programs--such as the Safe and Drug Free Schools Program, the technology program, and the teacher quality program--insisted there be anaspect of parental involvement with the idea that parents just don't show up one night a semester for parent-teacher conferences, but they are active in planning many aspects of the life of the school. This legislation, I am pleased to say, was significantly incorporated in this conference report. I believe it represents a significant advance providing not just a list of nice things to do, but real accountability so these aspects of the parental involvement will, in fact, be done.  There is another important aspect of this legislation in which I was keenly interested, and that is professional development. We all recognize and we all stand up and say, sincerely and emphatically: Every child deserves a highly skilled, highly motivated teacher. But we have to go beyond the words. We have to make that a fact of life. And it is not a fact of life at so many schools.  In the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, just in 1998, I worked closely with my colleagues and incorporated aspects of legislation I had previously introduced called the TEACH Act, which established grants to foster partnerships between teaching colleges and actual schools in communities.  One of the defects of teacher preparation is the fact that sometimes it is totally disconnected from the real life of the teacher, that the clinical aspect or the practice aspect is just a few weeks in a 4-year curriculum. The TEACH Act is now part of the Higher Education Act. It establishes a relationship between teacher colleges and elementary and secondary schools which, I believe, will provide more realistic preparation for teachers.  But we have to pay attention not only to the new teachers who are entering our schools, but we have to pay attention to all teachers. That means good, solid professional development for the incumbent teachers, for those who are teaching today in the classrooms of America. That is why I introduced legislation, the Professional Development Reform Act, which I am pleased to say is incorporated in many parts of this legislation.  There is a broad consensus that good professional development has to involve sustained intensive activities that focus on deepening teachers' knowledge of content, that allow teachers to work collaboratively, that provide opportunities for teachers to practice and reflect upon their teaching, that are aligned closely to these new standards, and that all of it is embedded in the daily life and work of the teachers.  We all recall some experiences we have had. I recall that once every year there was a teachers institute. We thought it was terrific. We got the day off. I did not know what the teachers did there, but I found out later. In most cases, they went to a big hall. They listened to a lecturer talk about something that may or may not be interesting to them. They socialized and then went home. That, for many school systems, was professional development. It was clearly inadequate.  Professional development has to be based upon content, what that teacher is purporting to teach: Math, science, history, and English. They have to know what they are teaching. Sadly, there are lots of teachers who do not know that. And we do not force them, through professional development, to master those details.  Then they have to have the opportunity to collaborate. One of the great problems of elementary and secondary education is the fact that so many teachers walk in in the morning, they have a cup of coffee, say hello to the rest of the teachers, and that is the last time they have a conversation with an adult for the rest of the day. At 3:30, they get in the car and go on with the rest of their life.  We have to build into our educational system the opportunity for teachers to talk about the craft, the art of teaching. We have to, of course, make all of this correlated with and focused on the high standards that we insist that our children meet. This is a daunting task.  This legislation reflects, in many respects, an emphasis toward moving toward those very challenging aspects of professional development. I would like to have gone further, but we have gone at least, I believe, in the right direction.  There are examples of very effective professional development around the country. I have visited Community School District 2 in New York City. It is in Manhattan. It is a school district that is committed to professional development. They do exactly what all of the experts say. They provide, for example, young teachers the ability to observe exemplary senior teachers. They have senior teachers working one on one with other teachers. They have peer networks where teachers can get together and talk with their peers about the educational process.  All of this is exciting. It makes teaching something more than a dull exercise of showing up, reciting something to students who are not particularly interested, and then walking out. Too often--in fact, I would argue if it happens anyplace, it is too often--that is the experience.  Let me mention one other aside about this notion of collaborative effort. One of the interesting things that happened in Rhode Island--we were lucky because we have a State that is committed to educational progress--is that one of our foundations, the Rhode Island Foundation, actually gave laptop computers to a significant portion of our teachers in the State.  You can do that when you have a population of a million people. And the teachers used them, not just to do lesson plans but actually to interact and collaborate with other teachers on challenging questions such as what to do with a child who continually refuses to be quiet and sit down. These are not things you learn in a lecture on the cognitive processes of schoolchildren but something you need to know to be a good teacher. They found it out by simply getting advice from seasoned teachers. That is what we have to do. This legislation moves in that direction.  There is another aspect, too, that I have been very interested in, and I believe it is key to our educational progress. That is to recognize that the school is one of the few places in our society where children are there for an extended period of time. There is a requirement that they go. But in effect, schools can't succeed as islands isolated from the other institutions of life.  We talked about parental involvement. That is the first and most important aspect of education, the parent as teacher. But many children have problems with health care. Many children have mental health issues. Many children have problems because of the social problems of the family. If the schools ignore those problems, those children will invariably fail. They have to be cognizant of all the issues that influence a child.  I think it is important to recognize in the school and even have an organization in the school that can access multiple services for children. We could have a great nursing program. We could have great mathematical instructions. We could beef up our science laboratories. But if a young child does not have a place to live, or comes in on a cold day without a coat and goes home without a coat, chances are we are not going to be able to challenge that child to do their best work. We have to recognize that.  In fact, as important--and it is very important--as this legislation is, we have many other things to do to ensure that every child learns, that no child is left behind. We can start with housing, health care, a long list. We are making progress today, but we would be deluding ourselves to think we have solved the problems of children in America by simply reforming education.  It is important in the context of education to have these institutions and organizations. In Rhode Island, they are called COZs, child opportunity zones. Within the school there is a trained person who can link up a child and the family to social services, childcare, housing programs, all those things that are going to make a difference in the life of that child, so when they come to school they will be, as we have said for decades, ready to learn. I hope, indeed, that some of the efforts we have made in this bill will advance that very important principle.  As we began this debate about the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, as we moved through the Senate, several very important issues became obvious. First, to the extent we quite properly insisted upon accountability, we had to recognize that we must design an accountability system that isfair and flexible. We could have designed a system in which every child in America passed. That would be a waste of time, a waste of money. We could have designed a testing system where everyone failed. That would be counterintuitive and foolish. So over the last several months we have been working to try to reach a point where there was enough flexibility in the States that they could, in fact, achieve progress. I believe in the process of debate and discussion, again with the tremendous leadership of Senator Kennedy, we have made progress.  We have a system now that recognizes standards, standards that have integrity, standards that are checked ultimately by a national test, but also that allow the States the flexibility so their good schools will continue to be recognized as good, and schools that are not meeting that standard have an incentive and a direction to move forward. We have made that progress.  In so many cases, what we are doing is complementing the efforts that have been accomplished in local communities. In my State of Rhode Island, we have had tremendous efforts to reform our schools. In 1997, my legislature passed article 31 which mandates an extensive series of evaluations, of school improvement teams, and ultimately, if schools fail, giving the State not only the authority but the responsibility to step in and set the schools right.  That type of system should not be compromised by a scheme here in Washington that basically turned the clock back, put my State back to the starting point and made them run an entirely different race. I believe, through the efforts of the conferees, we have a situation in which my State and other States can build on what they have done to create even a better system. That is one aspect that we confronted as we moved along.  The second aspect, the one that is the most troubling, is the fact that all of these important innovations and initiatives that have been embraced by this legislation will not be successful if we do not have the funds to give the States and the communities to carry out our intent, our wishes and their wishes, which is truly to give every child an opportunity and an excellent education.  We know we are in a very difficult, precarious situation. The tax cut of last spring has set us back immensely in having the extra resources or even the resources at all to robustly fund education, to make it the kind of national priority this bill calls for. After September 11, it is even more difficult. But before September 11, as vice chairman of the Joint Economic Committee, I was pleased to be able to issue a report of the Democratic staff on September 7 that raised very seriously the question of whether or not we were going to be in deficits for the foreseeable future because principally of the tax cut. The reality is, we are.  The OMB Director declared a few weeks ago that we are looking at several years of deficits. So that will make it very difficult for this Congress to live up to the very challenging standards we set for ourselves in this legislation. But live up to it we must.  The situation here in Washington is difficult. If you go back to the States, it is even more difficult. It has been estimated that the States have already scheduled about $11.3 billion in educational cuts to meet their budget crisis. As we are talking about extra money in the billions, that is very encouraging, but it really could be offset before we even sign this bill by the cuts we see in the States. They are taking drastic steps. That $11.3 billion means laying off teachers, eliminating teacher training, eliminating parental involvement, all the things we say are necessary, all the things about which we are speaking with great pride and purpose. The States are forced today to begin to cut those.  In Rhode Island, the Board of Governors for elementary and secondary education suggested that the state increase the education budget by 4.4 percent. The Governor has told every State agency to cut their budget by 6 percent. To his credit, he has said there will be a little extra for education. We won't force them to have the 6-percent cut. But nowhere is he prepared to meet the 4.4-percent increase. That is going to be multiplied throughout this country. So we are looking now at a situation where we will have to struggle mightily for resources. The States are already cutting their budgets.  And so again we can be pleased that this structure of educational reform has been completed, but if it is built on a foundation that shifts with the winds of deficit, then we are going to be in an awkward position in the months and years ahead. That is why I was so strongly committed to supporting the efforts of Senator Harkin, Senator Hagel, Senator Jeffords, and so many others to fully fund IDEA, to make that funding mandatory.  First, it is the right thing to do. Back in the mid-1970s, we committed ourselves--the Federal Government--to IDEA, to share significantly with the States the cost of meeting the education needs of students with disabilities. We never lived up to that. Year in and year out, we have all said how strongly we believe in IDEA, how much we have to fund it. We relay tales of our school committees and superintendents, and how they insist that if you do anything at all, please fully fund IDEA. Yet when we had the opportunity to do that in the conference, we blinked, we refused to do that.  IDEA seems to be one of those issues where we say wait until next year--but next year never comes. Once again, we have to wait until next year. But the real test of education reform, I believe, will be whether or not we do fully fund IDEA next year in our budget and whether we do fund these other innovations incorporated in this legislation.  Fully funding IDEA is the right thing to do. There are 6 million children today being served by IDEA. They are in regular classrooms, by and large. They are part of the life of the school. They are not shunned and excluded as they were in the fifties, sixties. It turns out that the high school graduation rates for children who receive IDEA instruction are much higher than their predecessors'--those young Americans who were pushed aside and urged to leave school or were put in special classrooms. It is working, and we have to make it work more.  The other aspect about IDEA is, if we had made the spending mandatory, we would have freed up significant dollars for other education programs. Now, IDEA will compete with title I and other programs, such as Pell grants, and it will compete with a whole range of programs--all of them important, all of them, I suspect, every Member of the Senate will stand up and support and say we have to do more. Well, we had the chance to do more, and we failed to do that.  I commend Senator Harkin and Senator Jeffords and my colleagues, Senators Collins, Roberts, Warner, and Hagel. This was a bipartisan effort on the Senate side. The House, unfortunately, did not agree with us. But we must attend to this as a first order of business in the next session of this Congress.  This conference report, I believe, represents great progress by many of us. Accountability has increased and improved. One aspect, which is particularly noteworthy--and I believe it has been mentioned by many colleagues--is the increased targeting of title I. That program was designed in 1960 to help low-income students, but through the process of legislation it has been flattened out so that title I reaches many students and it is not targeted to the very poor. This legislation changes that and, given the caveat of robust funding, it could be the most significant aspect of this entire legislation. I believe, again, this is something very near and dear to Senator Kennedy's efforts--not just this year, but over the lifetime of his service to the country and the Senate. I commend him for that in particular.  I am pleased, as I have made clear before, about the library provisions included in the President's literacy program. This legislation is much more sensitive, in many different aspects, to parental involvement. Professional development--although it doesn't go as far as I would like--sets the right tone, the right direction, and is emphasized as a critical aspect of not just development of teachers, but reform of education.  We have the concept of child opportunity zones that has been embedded into the legislation. I hope we can build on that and see how that works. I know it works in my State. I hope we can take that notion of coordinating and integrating services for children in the school and make it something that is common in every jurisdiction.  Bilingual education has been strengthened significantly. There is also good news in the fact that provisions in the other body that would have limited bilingual education to 3 years were stricken. Now it is much more oriented to serving these children, getting them to master English as a critical language, not just here in the United States but around the globe, and not arbitrarily saying you have 1, 2, 3 years to learn it. That might be easy for a 5- or 6-year-old coming to this country, but what about a 14-year-old who grew up in a country without the educational advantages we take for granted? I would find it difficult to become a fluent speaker in another language in 2 or 3 years. I assume that would be the case for others coming here. This legislation does not have an arbitrary limit.  The safe and drug-free schools program, once again, incorporates aspects of parental involvement. Technology grants are here, with participation by parents as well as teachers and educational supervisors. The accountability provisions have been hard fought over many weeks. It represents a balance between a legitimate and credible national standard, together with local flexibility, ultimately checked by the national test, which will see how well the States are doing, given the opportunity to develop their own tests internally.  All of this is very commendable and, in some respects, exciting. But I come back to what I have said throughout this presentation: All of this will be interesting but ineffectual without real funding--not just at the Federal level, but at the local level; not just for 1 year, but for many years.  One of the great experiences of my life was being able to serve as a soldier in the Army. One of the great transformations of a lifetime was the transformation of our military. One of the key aspects was their recognition that you had to train the trainers--better professional development. It was done with the knowledge that you had to have real resources to do it. You had to commit real resources. We did that.  Today we are seeing amply demonstrated the wisdom of increased professional development, high standards of accountability. But resources go along with it.  I will conclude by simply saying that one aspect of this legislation that has received a great deal of notoriety has been the fact that every child in America, beginning in 2005, will have to be tested from grades 3 through 8. I am confident that the children of America will pass those tests--if this Senate passes the test it faces next year: Fund education aggressively--IDEA and title I. If we pass our test, I have no doubt the children of America will pass their test. If we fail, how can we blame them?  I yield the floor.  