Lennox, Jr., of the U.S. Army, to be the 56th Superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point.  General Lennox is an extraordinary officer and gentleman. I have known him for a long time. In July of 1967, we entered West Point together. He proceeded through West Point and for 30 years he has been an extraordinary soldier. He represents the very best of what our Army is all about. He is a soldier and he is a scholar, but he is a soldier first.  He was commissioned in field artillery and served in various demanding assignments from platoon leader, battery commander, executive officer of the 2d Battalion, 41st Field Artillery in Germany; Deputy Commanding General to the U.S. Army Field Artillery Center and School at Fort Sill; Chief of Staff, III Corps at Fort Hood; and Assistant Chief Of Staff, United Nations Command for the United States Forces Korea. In his most recent assignment, General Lennox was the liaison for the Department of the Army to Congress.  He has performed all of these duties in extraordinary fashion. Bill Lennox understands our Army is composed of the greatest soldiers in the world. He respects these soldiers. He has committed himself to lead these magnificent men and women with the same dedication, the same professionalism, the same fidelity to duty and country that these soldiers demonstrate every day.  He is a great soldier, but he is also a distinguished scholar. Bill was assigned to the Department of English at the Military Academy after receiving a master's degree from Princeton University. He accomplished a remarkable feat while teaching English at West Point. While being active as an officer and professor at the Military Academy, he also obtained his Ph.D. from Princeton University in English.  He is a rare combination of a great soldier and a real scholar. In fact, typical of the Army life, nothing is very easy. The day Bill was scheduled to take his final Ph.D. examination and present his oral defense was also the day that his family was moving from West Point to his next assignment. So as Bill was taking these exams, and after spending the week preparing not only for a demanding analysis of English literature but also a move, fortunately, his wife and his partner, Anne, had to pack up the house and get them moving.  It illustrates something else that General Lennox brings to West Point. He has an extraordinary family. His wife Anne has not only played a large part in his life, but also a large role in his career. Their sons are extraordinarily talented young men. Together, Bill and Anne will represent to a whole generation of cadets, both male and female, the exemplar of what an Army family should be: committed, patriotic, and dedicated. They will ensure that cadets are conscious not only of their role as a professional members of the military service but also of their role as people and neighbors.  Bill is following a distinguished predecessor, LTG Dan Christman. The United States Military Academy today has compiled a remarkable record. Dan has reinvigorated the Academy in terms of academic performance, physical infrastructure, and commitment to basic values that make our Military Academy and our Army a very special one indeed.  I am confident that Bill Lennox can meet the very high standards established by Dan Christman and a whole succession of predecessors: people such as William Westmoreland, Douglas MacArthur, and Robert E. Lee. West Point has a very storied tradition and great legacy. Bill Lennox brings to that great tradition the character of a soldier and something else: Bill understands and appreciates that he is helping to train the leaders of the army of democracy; that unlike other countries around the world, we do not have a separate military caste. The men and women who lead our Army, the soldiers who man our Army come from every walk of life. They understand that they defend this great democracy, with all its contradictions, with all its unmet, untidy, and messy proceedings. They do it with great faith and great fidelity, with great competency and great patriotism.  I am delighted and honored to be able to say a few words about my friend and the next Superintendent of the United States Military Academy. I am pleased to commend Bill Lennox for his career and to celebrate his new appointment. But I am also honored to convey to my colleagues not only deep respect and affection for Bill, but also the sense that our Army is producing and promoting an individual who recognizes what we do here is very important. As Superintendent of the United States Military Academy, he will ensure that this democracy will continue.  Ultimately, it is not our weapons, but it is the brave men and women who wear the uniform of the United States that allows this experiment in freedom and democracy to continue day in and day out. He will instill in a generation of cadets a deep devotion to the credo and core values of the Military Academy: duty, honor, country. He will do that because he has lived his life according to that credo of duty, Army, country.  To Bill and Anne, good luck, Godspeed, go forward, and lead a right institution into this new century.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  