President, I rise to commend the Senator from Connecticut for his amendment and for his passion. He is exactly right. He is focusing on a very important program, the 21st Century Community Learning Centers.  I speak not theoretically but from experience. About 2 weeks ago I went to Central Falls, RI, the poorest community in my State, a community so poor that the school system has been taken over by the State of Rhode Island. I was there because they were announcing the opening of a support center that would integrate all the services necessary today to effectively deal with the education of a child. It was located right next to one of the elementary schools. It would be open to parents and provide the resources and services necessary, health care services, screening services.  This initiative was sponsored by the United Way of Rhode Island. The good news, it is spreading from Central Falls to other communities in Rhode Island, starting next with Providence, our biggest city. At the core of this initiative: A grant for the 21st century learning program from Federal education. This grant helped the United Way move forward and provided additional momentum, the thrust to go forward with this.  That is an example of how this program has materially affected the education of students in Rhode Island. Central Falls is the poorest community, heavily Latino, with new Americans coming in. It needs all sorts of services that you don't typically find the extra dollars in the budget to deal with. And the 21st century grant provided the additional necessary resources. That is an example of how we can make a real difference.  This 21st century learning program has made that real difference. The Senator from Connecticut is so right, we are sacrificing this ability to go ahead and make these critical differences, inspiring local participation of the United Way, combined activities, doing what we all say we want to do--bring the whole community into the education of children.  The risk of a block grant is that these priorities will fall by the wayside. A school district that is faced with paying salaries, fixing buildings, everything else, will say: I would love to do this. This is exactly what we have to do, but we don't have the resources to do it.  I commend the Senator.  Let me suggest two other areas with respect to the Straight A's program that I think are very important. First, the program is being presented as a pilot program. The reality is, if you do the mathematics, and if you take seven States, such as California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, and then you take the 25 largest school districts outside of those states, Straight A's could potentially apply to about 51 percent of the students in the country. That is a rather significant amount of children subject to this pilot program. We have to be very clear that this program could be far from a pilot, that within a year or so we could see 51 percent of the students of America subject to this block grant program, magnifying all of the concerns expressed by Senator Dodd of Connecticut and others.  Let's be very clear, this is a pilot, but the pilot is flying a stealth aircraft. We could find ourselves not with a pilot program to evaluate, but in the midst of a widespread, significant change in public policy in the United States.  I originally filed amendment No. 537 to try to truly restrict this to a pilot program, but I think, because of many factors, this is a discussion that will probably take place in conference, as the House version comes over without the widespread application that is potentially in this bill.  One other point about Straight A's: I have been insistent on getting parental involvement in this legislation. With the cooperation of Senator Gregg and Senator Hutchinson and everyone on the committee, we have made real strides. But unfortunately, some of those parental involvement protections would not have to be followed in Straight A's states and districts. I filed amendment No. 399 to ensure that those other parental involvement requirements of S. 1 would have to be followed, such as various provisions of section 1118, and other provisions throughout S. 1 which require parental involvement, including teacher quality and safe and drug free schools. I would hate to see the parental involvement provisions go by the wayside because of a block grant approach. I don't want to get involved in an extended debate over each of the parental involvement provisions right now, and will not offerthis amendment, but will continue to address these issues as S. 1 moves to Conference.  Let me return to the issue at hand and conclude. Senator Dodd's amendment is well placed, well stated. This is about practical improvement of schools. I have seen this improvement in Rhode Island. We will lose it if we go to a block grant. If you ask yourself what is wrong with American education, one of the things that has been wrong is that the governance of education for too many years has ignored problems that have festered--poor professional development, poor infrastructure, many things such as that. Who are these people? They are the Governors, the school committees, and the Congress. But what we propose to do in a block grant is to reinforce this lack of performance, this turning over of the keys and keep doing what you are doing.  I suggest there is a middle ground between a block grant program and micromanagement. One example of how that works successfully is the 21st century learning centers. I hope we can maintain that.  I yield the floor.  