As we all know, last week unanimously we adopted her amendment which focused and refined the President's proposal. I believe, as Senator Collins believes, that a complement to that program is the program that I am supporting today, which would allow local communities to acquire library materials for their school libraries. I thank her very much for her cooperation, her leadership, and her collaboration on this effort.  Mr. President, let me just emphasize what my amendment, as modified--working closely with Senator Collins--would do.  It is designed to complement the President's approach to literacy, to improve reading so that those improvements in reading can be translated to better academic performance and better performance throughout a person's entire life.  It gives flexibility to the States. It authorizes $500 million. It is a targeted program going to the poorest schools because that is where the greatest need is. It allows local communities the flexibility to decide what library materials they need for their school libraries.  It is a bipartisan effort. I am so delighted to have been joined at this point by Senator Collins, along with Senator Snowe and Senator Chafee, and many colleagues.  It is an amendment that is supported by the American Library Association and the Association of American Publishers.  It is important to note, as was suggested by my colleague, Senator Collins, what the amendment does not do. It does not preempt or distort the President's program, the Reading First Initiative. It is not a new program or a separate program. It is part of America First, and is as old as the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  In 1965, the first time this Congress spoke out decisively to help local schools, a large part of that was direct funding for school libraries. In fact, those books, in some cases, are still on the shelves today.  Interestingly, the President has appointed Dr. Susan Neuman as his nominee to be Assistant Secretary for Elementary and Secondary Education. Her research shows that books are important. In fact, she published an article in ``Reading Research Quarterly,'' the title of which is, ``Books Make A Difference: A Study of Access to Literacy.'' My amendment could properly be subtitled: ``Books Make A Difference.''  We have a strong program for reading instruction, for literacy, championed by Senator Collins, but books make a difference. We can make that difference by supporting the Reed amendment.  Again, the President has entrusted Dr. Neuman with the implementation of this literacy program. I hope that she would echo today my comments here and say: Once again, books do make a difference.  I hope that when the roll is called in just a few moments we will have strong bipartisan support for this amendment which will allow local communities to acquire the materials they need so their children--every child in this country--can succeed.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor and reserve whatever time I have.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.  