President, I rise to support the language in this legislation that would authorize another round of base closings. I do so, as we all do, knowing full well there are perhaps facilities in my home State that might be considered. I am confident and hopeful that, because of their critical role, they will continue to be vital parts of the Department of Defense. But every Senator is a bit nervous when we authorize a round of base closings.  Simply stated, we have too many facilities. We have a cold-war base structure. We have a post-cold-war Department of Defense. We have to reconcile the two.  I associate myself with the comments of the Senator from Arizona. The bottom line here, the effect that is most obvious from too many bases, is the deteriorating quality of life of the troops who serve in our Armed Forces.  I spent 12 years in the U.S. Army, from 1967 to 1979. There were facilities back then, in the 1970s, which the Army desired to close. Some are still open. There were facilities back then that were inadequate or barely adequate. They remain on the books of the Army. Troops are using them for their barracks. Family housing is being used.  Base closure is just common sense. When you have the demands of training, operational readiness, integrating new equipment, and then family housing, troop housing, and community facilities on Army posts and Navy bases or an Air Force base, something has to give. What typically gives are those quality-of-life items: The community center, the child care center, the library, family housing, and troop housing.  That is multiplied and amplified when you have just too many bases.  About 3 weeks ago, I traveled to Fort Bragg, NC, to watch the 82nd Airborne Division conduct live fire exercise for their division readiness brigade. Those soldiers are today on orders and on alert to go out and be the tip of the spear. I talked to the brigade commander, the division commander, the battalion commander, and the troops. The one thing they said is they are proud to be in this division, and that one of the reasons they are is because the commanding officer, the division commander, and battalion commander--all the way down--put the money and emphasis on training. They are ready to go. They are well trained. But what they can't do is put sufficient resources to all the needs they have on the post.  I must say that Bragg is one of the primary posts in the Army it does quite well. They are getting ready to conduct massive reconstruction of family housing. They are reconstructing barracks. But they cannot do as much as they want.  When you go away from those major division posts, such as Fort Bragg, Fort Campbell, and other posts around the country and go out to other posts that do not have quite that high of a priority, the crisis is even more severe. It is then manifested, as Senator McCain indicated, in retention problems and in recruiting problems. It is manifested in quality of life which is not commensurate with the sacrifices these young men and women make for their country and will make even more dramatically in the days ahead.  This base closing round is supported by the President, the Secretary of Defense, by the Joint Chiefs, and by service chiefs because they know they can't continue to operate efficiently and effectively if they have facilities they do not need but have to keep barely open. It drains resources from the quality-of-life of troops, and also from the ability of this military force, which is the best in the world, to maintain its razor edge of readiness, training, and operational capability.  The DOD estimates that we are maintaining 23-percent excess capacity of infrastructure. That is obvious because after the end of the cold war we reduced our force structure 36 percent.  There are those arguing based upon the tragic and horrific events of September 11 that we need to keep these bases open. Some of those bases were built at the beginning of the First World War. But substantially the infrastructure was built in the Second World War when we were fighting huge national armies in two theaters. We were drafting hundreds of thousands of men. We were training them. We were preparing to conduct operations with armies and corps.  The operation we face going forward will involve our military forces but most likely special operations troops--specially tailored brigades of Army and Marines. We will not be engaged, mercifully, thankfully in a tank-to-tank army battle with hundreds of thousands of troops on each side. We don't have that force structure today. But we have that infrastructure today.  If we want to be efficient and effective, we have to reconcile our infrastructure with our force structure. We are not going to fight World War II again--I hope. We are not going to fight the cold war again--I hope. But we have serious threats before us. Those threats require a faster, leaner military. Part of that efficient, leaner military is allowing the services to make judicial judgments about what real estate they need.  Yes, we have an imperfect structure in terms of base closing conditions. Nothing is perfect. But there are closed bases that some people thought would never be closed in our lifetime, or several lifetimes. So it has worked.  There are other arguments that no savings have been realized. As the Senator from Arizona pointed out, between $15 billion and $16 billion will have been realized by the end of fiscal year2001 on these base closures. It is projected going forward that we will accrue an annual savings of approximately $6.2 billion. That is real money that goes back into the bottom line of the Department of Defense for improved barracks, improved family housing, improved readiness, improved technology, a better fighting force.  There are some who argue that we can't do this because there is just too many environmental flaws; that it turns out to be just a big environmental remediation project. Those environmental costs are not avoidable. It is mandated by law that the DOD, like everyone else, is responsible for serious environmental degradation. They have to pay for it. They are doing it right now on posts that are open and operating. It is not something you can throw into the mix and say don't close the base because of environmental costs. You have environmental costs for open bases. They have to be faced, addressed, and paid for.  For many reasons, I believe we have to follow through on the base closing language in this legislation. I think it is time to give the Department of Defense the flexibility to tailor their resources, to tailor their infrastructure, and to fit the mission that faces us today.  We have the best military force in the world. We will see them in action shortly. I think we owe them our vote to sustain their base closing round as we go forward.  I yield the floor.  