President, I rise to state my opposition to the nomination of John Bolton to be Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. I want to clarify that I respect the right of the President to choose those who will serve him in his Administration. I also recognize that many of the appointees in this Administration will have views which differ from my own--and those differences are not reason enough to vote against a nomination. However, in this case, I believe there is ample evidence that Mr. Bolton has deeply held views which run so contrary to stated U.S. policy that he will not be able to effectively perform his duties.  If confirmed, statute dictates that John Bolton would be the senior assistant to the Secretary of State in matters ``related to international security policy, arms control and non-proliferation.'' He would oversee a number of issues including the fate of the ABM Treaty, negotiation with North Korea on the Agreed Framework and aid to dismantle Russian nuclear stockpiles. At a time when the danger from nuclear weapons is at least as great as during the Cold War, it is essential that this Undersecretary be committed to using every possible diplomatic option for reducing the weapons stockpile and diffusing tensions. Unfortunately, because of his previous statements, I cannot be confident of Mr. Bolton's commitment to this goal. As Joseph Cirincione, the director of the Carnegie Non Proliferation Project, stated: ``John Bolton is philosophically opposed to most of the international treaties that comprise the nonproliferation regime.''  Mr. Bolton was a vocal opponent of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. He said that supporters of the CTBT were ``misguided individuals following a timed and neo-pacifist line of thought.'' He also stated that ``Mere promises by adversaries and rogue regimes, unverifiable in critical respects, simply do not provide adequate protections and may actually hobble our ability to maintain the most important international guarantee of peace--a credible U.S. nuclear capability.'' I would like to note that history would indicate Mr. Bolton is incorrect, since the United States has been able to maintain an awesome nuclear stockpile while complying with arms control treaties that have been the cornerstone of the prevention of nuclear war for the past fifty years. Furthermore, while Mr. Bolton is certainly entitled to his opinions on arms control treaties, his opinions indicate that he may not be best suited for a position which requires upholding and negotiating treaties on a daily basis.  Mr. Bolton also does not seem to have a very high opinion of the United Nations, the organization with which he would have to work closely in developing and maintaining U.S. international security policy. At different points in the past few years, Mr. Bolton has stated that ``If the UN secretary building in NY lost 10 stories, it wouldn't make a bit of difference.'' He also stated that the U.S. has no obligation to pay its UN dues because ``