President, I rise to join with Armenians throughout the United States, in Armenia, and around the world in commemorating the 86th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.  This week, members and friends of the Armenian community will gather together to remember April 24, 1915. On that day, nationalist forces of the Ottoman Empire started an eight year campaign of massacre and deportation that would impact the lives of every Armenian in Asia Minor.  Armenian men, women, and children of all ages fell victim to murder, rape, torture, and starvation. By 1923, an estimated 1.5 million Armenians had been systematically murdered and another 500,000 had their property stolen and were driven from their homeland. With World War I occupying center stage at the time, the Armenian people's situation went unaided.  Unfortunately, the residents of Armenia still suffer today. Armenian efforts at democracy and economic development have been hindered by regional conflict, natural disasters and internal strife. Yet, despite these setbacks, the Armenian people have maintained a persevering spirit that has kept hope alive. In the past few months, optimism has grown as internationally mediated peace talks between Armenian President Kocharian and Azerbaijani President Aliyev have made progress.  Commemoration of the Armenian genocide is important not to keep alive the memory of those Armenians who died, but to remind the world of its duty. As Archbishop Desmond Tutu noted in 1999, ``It is sadly true what a cynic has said, that we learn from the history that we do not learn from history. And yet it is possible that if the world had been conscious of the genocide that was committed by the Ottoman Turks against the Armenians, the first genocide of the twentieth century, then perhaps humanity might have been more alert to the warning signs that were given before Hitler's madness was unleashed on an unbelieving world.'' It is my hope that the world has begun to pay attention to history because, unlike in 1915, the international community heeded the warning signs in Kosovo and did not sit back and watch, but reacted quickly and decisively. We must always bear witness to the terrors of yesterday so that we can respond to acts of oppression in the future, ensuring that the deaths of all victims of hatred and prejudice are not in vain.  Therefore, on the 86th anniversary of the terrible tragedy of the Armenian genocide we remember the past and rededicate ourselves to supporting Armenia as it looks to the future.  