They have crafted a bill that will provide materiel assistance and support to the men and women of our Armed Forces.  This bill includes, among other things, a targeted pay raise for our military, authority for military personnel to transfer unused Montgomery GI bill benefits to their dependents. This was a particular concern of Senator Cleland, and he should receive particular commendation for his unfailing efforts over several years to get this provision enacted into law. Today it is part of the law.  In addition, this legislation will include a base closure round for the year 2005, which is something very important, although very controversial. It is important to move from a cold war infrastructure to a post-cold-war infrastructure, as we have done with our personnel and force structure, and this legislation will do that.  However, today this conference report has been overshadowed by the President's announcement that he proposes to withdraw from the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty. As chairman of the Strategic Subcommittee, I spent long hours examining and looking very closely at the administration's plans for missile defense.  I worked closely with all my colleagues, particularly the ranking member, Senator Allard of Colorado. We may have disagreed on issues, but we worked together to try to ensure all the information was available to our colleagues.  I believe the legislation we proposed in committee represented a sound balancing of the need to develop particularly theater missile defense but also to develop national missile defense. It did so cognizant of the fact that to deploy such a national missile defense would be violative of the ABM Treaty and would be a threat to very delicate arms control agreements that have evolved over decades.  Our legislation was brought to this floor in the wake of September 11, and in the need, in a very real sense, to provide a rallying point of consensus rather than an opportunity for further debate, our legislation, which reduced theappropriations for national defense by $1.3 billion, was modified significantly to give the President the option to apply this $1.3 billion to ballistic missile defense or to counterterrorism. I believe as we look very carefully and very closely at the threats we face today, the terrorism effect is more immediate and more central to our concerns of this moment. I hope the President will take that opportunity to apply those resources at $1.3 billion to counterterrorism.  Today, the President's announcement has been greeted by different opinions in different venues. My impression is that his announcement is both unwarranted and unwise. It is unwarranted because we are far away from the time that we have the technology to effectively deploy a national missile defense. It is also many years before I sense that we need to conduct tests that would be violative of the ABM Treaty. It is unwise because I think we are jeopardizing our relationship with Russia. Although their immediate response might be muted in some respects, what we will see is less than enthusiastic cooperation on a whole spectrum of cooperative efforts on which we need their help and assistance, from antiterrorism to the securing of their nuclear materials, to the securing of their biological materials. In this sense, it represents a departure from an endeavor over many decades, to erect a regime of arms control together with the keen awareness of our relationship with Russia.  I believe we have plenty of time to develop, and should develop, an adequate system and then face the decision of deployment and the decision of the treaty perhaps years from now. In October, Secretary Rumsfeld suggested there were four potential tests that would violate the treaty. As a result, he was canceling those tests. I think in fact that might have been a situation where those tests easily could have been postponed and therefore the decision could have been easily deferred with respect to the treaty.  One of the activities in question, for example, was the use of an Aegis ship radar to observe a missile defense test, clearly in violation of the ABM Treaty. The problem is the development of a sea-based missile defense system is at least a decade away. As a result, to rush forward and try at this point to insert a test of that nature suggests to me there was more interest in bumping up, as they say, against the treaty rather than bringing to the field a system that will work.  The system that is the most advanced is the land based national missile defense system. Indeed, this system, too, has plenty of room for further research and development before it is necessary to go ahead and call into question the ABM Treaty.  The President today called the ABM Treaty a relic, a vestige of the cold war. The dynamics of world powers have definitely changed. But the reality is clear that nuclear weapons still are present in the world, they still must be contained, their use prevented--we hope. In this respect, we still have a need for a structured arms control regime, a structure that I think will not be aided by the abandonment today by this administration of the ABM Treaty.  Now, there is encouraging news. There is news that the Russians and the United States may, either through treaty or by unilateral decision, reduce their warheads. That would be progress.  But I do believe we are sending a signal not just to the Russians but to the rest of the world that the United States is stepping back from multilateral treaties and bilateral treaties which will further the cause of arms control. That will set not only the wrong tone but indeed perhaps the wrong direction.  The other aspect of this unilateral approach is the fact that it may not provoke an immediate and demonstrable adverse reaction from Russia, but as I said before, it will inhibit the kind of full-fledged cooperation that we need to address the more immediate threat of terrorism. We recognize today that Russian assistance in many ways has helped immensely in our struggle in Afghanistan. The use of their intelligence sources and the fact that they have, in an economic sense, continued to produce petroleum so that energy prices remain low are examples of their cooperative efforts.  I ask whether or not, given our unilateral withdrawal, given our unwillingness to continue a dialogue with respect to treaty modifications, would essentially undercut other areas of cooperation that, I argue, also are extremely necessary.  The proliferation of nuclear materials, the presence of vast stocks of biologic materials--all of these within Russia and all of these with questionable security mechanisms--raise a profound issue of our security. This afternoon in our committee we had a hearing with respect to the control of our nuclear weapons, and we have elaborate procedures, expensive procedures. I suggest the Russians probably do not match us with those procedures but they should. That is an example of cooperation we have to undertake immediately, cooperation that might be undercut.  China has expressed concern--another area we have to consider--in terms of their ability to deploy more missiles, to provide more sophisticated warheads with more penetrating aids, with more decoys, those things that will make the world less stable, the nuclear balance less stable.  I believe we have, today, taken the wrong path. Rather than continuing to work for a structure of arms control agreements, we have turned away from that structure. I hope the President not only recognizes perhaps the arguments we are making this evening, but truly works to reach out to try to develop more cooperative efforts with Russia that are to our mutual advantage; also, that we would recognize we still have an obligation to develop a structure of arms control agreements that will make the world safer.  The decision today to withdraw is, again, in my view, unwarranted by the circumstances and unwise. I believe in the long run it will not aid materially our security.  I hope the provisions we have included in this legislation that provide for overview of the Ballistic Missile Defense Program, that provide the option to use funds not only for ballistic missile defense but for counter-terrorism, will be used by the administration to pursue those aspects of counterterrorism and also a prudent development program for ballistic missile defense.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Lincoln). The Senator from Virginia.  