President, I would like to thank Chairman Mikulski and Senator Bond for all of the hard work they have put into the Fiscal Year 2002 VA-HUD Appropriations bill. Given the serious fiscal restraints facing the Congress this year as a result of the budget resolution and the unsound tax cut, they have masterfully negotiated the many and often competing demands of the programs under the subcommittee's jurisdiction.  In particular, I would like to thank Senators Mikulski and Bond for restoring much needed funds to a number of important Department of Housing and Urban Development programs that were slated for drastic cuts under the President's budget.  Despite the economic prosperity that our country has experienced, many Americans are still lack safe and affordable housing. In my own state of Rhode Island, 46 percent of Rhode Islanders are unable to afford this rent without spending over 30 percent of their income on housing. In terms of homeownership, the average sales price of a home in Rhode Island went up by $24,000 between 1999 and 2000. In the same period, the number of houses on the market decreased by over 50 percent, and only 25 percent of these homes were affordable to low-income families.  This housing affordability crisis has been affecting families around the country. The latest HUD worst case housing needs study indicates that there are over 4.9 million low-income Americans who pay more than 50 percent of their income for rent. In addition, a broader study done by the National Housing Conference, the mortgage bankers and others shows that 14 percent or 13.7 million American families have worst case housing needs. Ten million of these people are elderly or work full or part-time.  This is why I was so concerned about the President's budget proposal to cut HUD programs by $1.7 billion. Once you factor in inflation, the Administration was proposing to cut housing programs by $2.2 billion, an 8 percent real spending decrease compared to Fiscal Year 2001.  One of the President's cuts that most concerned me was the $859 million net cut in public housing, the program that supports some of our nation's most vulnerable families. In my own state of Rhode Island, approximately two-thirds of our public housing units are used by the elderly and disabled.  I also was disappointed by the Administration's decision to eliminate the public housing drug elimination program (PHDEP). This flexible, community-based program has made public housing much safer by helping local housing agencies create comprehensive anti-crime and anti-drug strategies.  I applaud both Senators Mikulski and Bond for restoring funding to both of these programs. The VA-HUD bill before us today contains almost $3 billion for the Public Housing Capital Fund, $650 million more than the President's request, and $300 million for the drug elimination grant program.  I also approve of the bill's requirement that 30 percent of the funding for HUD homeless programs be set aside for permanent housing for the disabled homeless. This shows the Senate's commitment towards helping end homelessness, not just funding programs for those who are homeless. Likewise, the committee's allocation of $500,000 for the Interagency Council on the Homeless will help Federal Government agencies better coordinate their programs for preventing and ending homelessness. I also want to commend the committee for putting Shelter Plus Care renewals for the homeless in a separate account. As chairman of the Housing Subcommittee, I personally believe that the long-term solution to the renewal problem should be solved by transferring renewals to the Section 8 program, and I hope the committee considers doing this in the future.  I am also pleased about the language in the bill supporting the reauthorization of the Mark-to Market program. I held a subcommittee hearing on this issue on June 19, 2001, and the Banking Committee successfully marked up a reauthorization bill yesterday morning on August 1, 2001. It is my hope that this important legislation will be enacted into law well before the expiration of the original program on September 30, 2001.  I also would like to commend both the administration and the committee on increasing funding for HUD's office of Lead Hazard Control by $10 million. Nonetheless, much more needs to be done. I, and a number of my colleagues, believe that this number should be much higher and will continue to work to increase funding for this extremely important program. No family in this country should be forced to live in housing that can cause permanent brain damage to their children.  Finally, I was pleased to see language in the bill asking HUD to institute a computer program to adequately calculate the amount of credit subsidy necessary to support the FHA multifamily mortgage insurance programs and to establish a task force to determine the costs of multifamily defaults. I am disappointed that the administration has chosen to allow this program to stay shut down. Clearly, the FHA multifamily program has some problems that need to be solved; however, the administration's solution of raising the insurance premiums misses the larger point of ensuring that these programs continue to construct affordable housing. Thus, I also support the bill's language regarding the need for FHA premium changes to be made through notice and comment rule making. I hope to work with my colleagues over the next several months to see if we can't come up with a longer term solution to the repeated shutdown of this important FHA insurance premium program.  There are two issues with this year's VA-HUD appropriations bill that I hope we can address as the bill moves forward. The first is the Committee's decision to cut Section 8 reserves from two months to one month, without protecting public housing authorities from budget shortfalls. The second is the implications of the decision to expand the traditional rescission language to include all funds recaptured from the Section 8 program.  I know that the chair and ranking member of the subcommittee care very much about supporting hard-pressed parents who are struggling to provide a decent home for their children. The Section 8 program is the principle source of housing assistance for these extremely low-income parents who face the most acute housing needs of any segment of our population. It is an especially critical support for parents who have just left welfare and who may be earning too little to afford decent housing. It also helps parents move their kids out of areas of concentrated poverty and into neighborhoods with educational and employment opportunities.  For all these reasons, we must maintain our commitment to the Section 8program and make sure it works efficiently. Keeping the Section 8 reserves at adequate levels is an important part of making this housing program work. Basically, the Section 8 reserves provide additional funds to Public Housing Agencies (PHAs) whose voucher program costs exceed their budget allocation in a given year. Thus, if a PHA approaches the final months of its fiscal year and needs more funds to pay landlords or pay for utility costs, it can request up to 2 months of additional funding from HUD. The reserves are critical to the program's financing because HUD bases each PHA's annual budget not on its expected costs in the coming fiscal year, but rather on its actual costs in the prior year. Since the factors that cause such increases can be unpredictable from year to year, sufficient reserves are necessary so that PHAs won't be forced to reduce the number of families they serve.  I am also concerned about the current rescission language in the bill. It is not unusual for Congress to reclaim Section 8 monies that HUD does use. However, this year's bill goes one step further by rescinding all future recaptures from Fiscal Year 2002 and prior years, and diverting them into other accounts, some of which are not even related to the housing needs of low-income families.  As I mentioned previously, PHAs' budgets are based on the prior year's actual costs and not on their expected costs if they adopt changes to serve more families. They may need additional resources beyond their budget allocations if they succeed in making their programs work better. But this bill cuts the Section 8 reserves that could provide these additional resources. And, by rescinding all recaptures that HUD could make this year and next, it deprives HUD of funds to ensure that PHAs that are increasing voucher utilization do not get caught in a budget squeeze. HUD may also use recaptures to adjust contracts with owners under the project-based Section 8 program if unforseen costs arise, such as rising utility prices. If HUD does not have the resources to make these adjustments, these owners may opt-out of the Section 8 program. Finally, HUD can currently redirect at least some recaptures to offset Section 8 costs in the upcoming fiscal year, reducing the appropriated dollars needed to maintain the size of the program. This in turn, frees up funds to provide more new vouchers.  If we are serious about helping extremely low-income families benefit from voucher assistance, then we need to ensure that the needed resources are available to make this program work well and efficiently. But this bill contains two provisions that run the risk of doing just the opposite. Both the reduction in reserves and the rescission could run the risk of undermining the financing of the Section 8 program, and undermining efforts to serve more families with vouchers. Let's not run this risk. Let's ensure that the Section 8 program is our first priority for use of recapture funds.  Again, I thank Senators Bond and Mikulski for all of their hard work on this bill and I hope that we will be able to discuss these matters in more detail, and that we work together to find ways to address these issues.  