President, I thank the Senator from Maine for the gracious yielding of time and for offering her amendment. She has offered a very admirable and very important amendment that will increase literacy in the United States. It tracks closely President Bush's proposals for increased literacy throughout this country. In fact, it builds on the Reading Excellence Act which this body passed in 1998. I believe it is a measure that should be broadly supported.  I, too, also commend Chairman Jeffords and Ranking Member Kennedy for their efforts in the committee to bring this measure to the Chamber and, again, Senator Collins for her excellent amendment with respect to literacy in reading. I want to use this opportunity to not only commend Senator Collins but also to suggest that as important as her amendment is, there is a piece I believe that could be added to make it even better. That piece is providing access to materials in school libraries.  For years I have been advocating a return to Federal support for school libraries. Back in 1965, with the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the Congress passed an initiative that would allow--and did allow--school libraries to purchase library materials. It was widely successful. In fact, I will suggest that my colleagues go to any school in their State--particularly those schools in rural or urban areas--go to the school library and look through the shelves. I am sure you will find books that are stamped ``ESEA, 1965.'' You certainly will find many books with a 1966, 1967, or 1968 copyright. Sadly, that is the status of our collections in school libraries throughout this country: Many old and out-of-date books purchased originally by ESEA. We can do better and should do better.  The thrust of Senator Collins' amendment and the President's program is teacher technique, teaching pedagogy, and teaching instruction. But, as I said, there is another aspect; that is, having the materials available for young people to actually read.  Research clearly shows that the modern up-to-date library with new material contributes significantly and positively to student performance. The research consistently shows this. It suggests that we have to do much more in terms of not only providing new technique, new instruction, new pedagogy, we have to provide books and media for children so they can, in fact, practice what they are taught, and not only practice what they are taught but become enthused about using libraries and reading books. You cannot do that with some of the out-of-date collections we have in our school libraries today.  That is why, as soon as it is appropriate, I will suggest an additional amendment. I was tempted, momentarily, to offer a second degree to the Collins amendment, but I believe she deserves the opportunity to make her case undiluted by other proposals.  My proposal would, in fact, increase funding authorized for the President's program of reading and literacy so school libraries throughout the country could actually buy materials as part of the Reading First initiative and target these funds to the schools that are most in need, the highest poverty schools.  It would also provide districts and schools with the flexibility to use funding to meet local needs. There would be no preset list of books or materials. It would be a very local choice which they could use themselves to acquire what they need in their particular circumstances.  It would also encourage resource-sharing initiatives such as those that have been established in Ohio and Rhode Island, effectively linking all the school libraries together with public libraries and with academic libraries in higher education institutions, so that children can access, through computerized records, a vast array of material. This modern, updated approach can be another additional improvement in education throughout the United States.  Also, it would provide resources and support to train school librarians and those people who work in the libraries. Sometimes we overlook the fact that we have to have trained professionals in the library. It is not sufficient simply to have a teacher walk a class in and say, pick a book, children, and go out. It helps immeasurably if there is someone in that library who knows not only how to do research but also how to use library materials to enhance the education of all the children in that school.  This legislation I am proposing is based upon a bill I introduced along with Senators Cochran, Kennedy, Snowe, Chafee, Daschle, and others. It has been modified because, rather than being a separate stand-alone portion of the ESEA, this amendment that I will propose next week will be part of the President's initiative, part of the Reading First initiative.  It makes sense simply because we are all trying to focus in our resources and our attention. In addition, it responds to some complaints I have heard that this is not the time to embark on a new program. Let me, as a fundamental point, state that this is not a new program when it comes to school library support. In 1965, it was specifically authorized and funded under the original ESEA. In 1994, we reauthorized this particular library program. Unfortunately, it was essentially defunded in previous Congresses, and it was made part of a larger block grant. As a result, the resources have diminished significantly.  I commend the Senator from Maine. I look forward to her amendment. I ask her to consider, along with others, this improvement which I will offer at the soonest possible moment.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Frist). Who yields time?  