This bill is included in the appropriations package that is before this Chamber.  Let me begin my remarks by thanking Chairman Shelby and Vice Chairman Leahy for their bipartisan leadership in successfully finishing the conference and advancing all of these appropriations bills to the Senate floor.  I also want to acknowledge the hard work and strong commitment of my friend and colleague Senator Jack Reed, the ranking member of the T-HUD Subcommittee. We have worked closely together in negotiating this bill and have crafted a truly bipartisan product.  The fiscal year 2020 transportation and housing appropriations bill provides $74.3 billion to continue to improve our Nation's infrastructure and maintain HUD rental assistance for low-income seniors, homeless youths, and other vulnerable populations. This year, we once again faced the funding challenge of rising rental costs across the country and a reduction in the receipts from the Federal Housing Administration that are used to offset some of the spending in this bill.  However, we were successful in maintaining many of the Senate priorities in the final bill. For example, the bill provides $1 billion for the highly effective and popular BUILD grant program, which has provided $205 million in critical infrastructure improvements in Maine since 2009. In addition, the bill includes $1.15 billion for bridge repair and rehabilitation, with a focus on those States with the greatest needs. The need for additional bridge funding is clear across the country and was highlighted in my home State of Maine by grant awards for projects such as the Station 46 Bridge and the Sarah Mildred Long Bridge.  The infrastructure funding in this bill not only addresses the transportation challenges we face but also creates jobs and economic growth in each and every one of our homes. The American Society of Civil Engineers' most recent report card from 2017 shows that America's infrastructure remains in poor condition with a grade of D+. This poor rating is not only detrimental for the movement of people and goods but also harmful from a safety perspective.  I am also particularly proud of the $300 million for the third National Security Multi-Mission Vessel which will serve as the new training vessel for Maine Maritime Academy. The new NSMV will play a critical role in training the next generation of U.S. mariners. This new ship will ensure that cadets receive the training hours they need to graduate and join the workforce in the merchant marine, Navy, and Coast Guard.  Another important issue, particularly to Senator Reed and me, is reducing lead paint in homes. That is of particular health concern to families with children under the age of 6. The bill provides $290 million to combat lead hazards, a historic level of funding. Lead paint hazards are a significant concern for Maine families, as 57 percent of our housing stock was constructed prior to 1978, the year lead-based paint was banned. These grants will help communities protect children from the harmful lifelong effects of lead poisoning.  Finally, I do want to mention that the bill provides additional funding for the FAA's aviation safety programs in light of two Boeing crashes. This funding ensures that the agency has the necessary staff and training, as well as safety data reporting systems going forward. Our Committee remains focused on this issue to ensure that we maintain the Nation's safest airspace.  I appreciate the opportunity to present this important legislation to the Chamber. As we begin debate on the Transportation-HUD bill, I urge my colleagues to support the investments in this bill that benefit our communities all across this Nation and the families, veterans, children, and our seniors that rely on these programs.  