 President, I wish to address one other matter. I have a sad task today of informing my colleagues that a valued and honorable Kentuckian who enlisted in the U.S. Army has fallen in the performance of his duty. On March 29, 2012, SPC David W. Taylor of Dixon, KY, died from injuries sustained in an accident at an ammunitions supply point in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. He was 20 years old.  For his service in uniform, Specialist Taylor received several awards, medals, and decorations, including the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Bronze Service Star, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, the NATO Medal, the Parachutist Badge, and the Overseas Service Bar.  After his tragic death at entirely too young an age, one of Specialist Taylor's commanders, Sergeant Addington, delivered a tribute to his fallen brother in arms. This is what he said:       When his country called for young lives to offer themselves      up for the preservation of freedom, young David Taylor      answered the call and said, ``Here am I, take me.''      Specialist Taylor was my soldier, my battle buddy, and my      friend. He was a fast learner and my greatest student. He      sacrificed himself so we might be free.  Before he was a soldier, his mother Sarah Taylor recalled that David was a compassionate, dedicated young man. From a young age, he was always looking for ways to help others. Sarah says of her son: ``One Christmas he had received a large amount of gifts.''  David asked his parents ``if he could give some of his gifts to a classmate of his who he knew would not receive many items.''  David was a great athlete who played football and soccer and ran track. He loved to hunt and hunted turkey and deer, but his real passion was for duck hunting. He had many friends, was the life of the party, and he was popular with the girls. David ``would change outfits multiple times before going to school, as his hair and clothes had to be perfect,'' Sarah says.  David was also very dedicated to physical fitness. He worked out multiple times a week to stay in shape. Perhaps that is because young David knew his body was his instrument, and he had made up his mind to join the military by age 14.  David's high school did not have an ROTC program, so David worked hard to graduate 6 months early and eagerly enlisted. He skipped both the prom and graduation to take up his more important pursuit, enlisting in January 2010. He even waived his signing bonus saying, ``It is every young man's duty to serve.''  David planned to make the military his career and hoped to go into the medical field. He dedicated himself to the military handbook and doing everything ``by the book.'' He went on to serve as a paratrooper in a parachute infantry regiment, one of the most demanding specialties in the Army.  LT Eric Fitzgerald was Specialist Taylor's platoon leader. He says:       David was one of the most outstanding paratroopers in the      whole platoon, just striving to be the best. When you wanted      something done, when you wanted it done right, you went to      Taylor for it.  CPT Brian Bifulco, David's company commander, concurs:       It was evident since the day I met him that David had all      the qualities desirable in a paratrooper: Smart, aggressive,      committed, and reliable. He displayed them readily in      everything he did.  David maintained his rigorous workout schedule in the Army by following the Crossfit physical fitness programs 5 to 6 days a week so he could excel at the Army's physical fitness test. He could run his 2-mile fitness test in a full minute faster than anyone else in his platoon. Specialist Taylor was assigned to D Company, 2nd Battalion, 508th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 82nd Airborne Division, based out of Fort Bragg, NC. He deployed to Afghanistan for Operation Enduring Freedom in February of this year for what would be his first and only deployment.  David's fellow soldiers from his platoon named the small gym in their Afghanistan outpost in his honor as a remembrance of David's commitment to excellence. Nearly every soldier in the platoon wears a metal bracelet honoring Specialist Taylor. SFC Russ Kelley had this to say:       For many of the guys, this is the first friend they've ever      lost to combat. 