 President, I rise to pay tribute to my good friend Mr. Charles Long, the longtime mayor of Booneville, KY. Mr. Long has served as mayor of this small Owsley County town for 53 years. During his tenure, he has worked to provide a better life for the citizens of Booneville by providing exceptional opportunities for various daily improvements, as well as working to make vital amenities more easily accessible to all.  One of the most significant accomplishments of Mayor Long's time in office has to do with developments he oversaw in the area of water and sanitation. The mayor oversaw the installation of the town's water and sewer system in 1968. Afterwards, he went on to guarantee that over 98 percent of Owsley County had access to the water system and worked to see the sewage system expanded to over 400 residents in the county.  Mayor Long serves on the Kentucky River Area Development Committee--KRADD. The mayor's home county of Owsley is one of the eight counties in eastern Kentucky that KRADD supervises. The organization has been a major force in further developing the rural areas of eastern Kentucky, and Mayor Long is an integral part of that process.  Besides the hard work Mayor Long does for the people of Booneville, he is known for being a beloved and involved member of his large family. His children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren are all very proud of him and all he has accomplished.  Sadly, Charles recently lost the love of his life and wife of 72 years, Virginia Ruth Long. Mrs. Long passed away on March 27, 2012, at the age of 92. During a recent session of the Kentucky State Senate, she was honored by a Senate Resolution commemorating her life and accomplishments. I know Mayor Long surely appreciated that gesture.  Charles Long has literally spent the majority of his life serving the local people of Booneville as their mayor. He is able to look back at his long and successful career and reminisce on the countless improvements he has put in place for the city he holds dear to his heart. Mr. Charles Long exhibits a commendable display of characteristics such as dedication, kindheartedness, and reliability which set him apart as a true hometown hero.  I am honored to stand on the floor of the U.S. Senate today in tribute to Mayor Charles Long's service to the town of Booneville and the Commonwealth of Kentucky. And I ask my Senate colleagues to join me in expressing recognition to Mayor Long for his long and fruitful tenure in office.  