 For the past 18 years, it has been my honor to serve alongside Jon in the Senate, and it has been my great privilege to get to know him personally and to work with him as closely as I have.  Jon has built a well-earned reputation as one of the great policy minds of our time. He has an encyclopedic knowledge of domestic and a keen interest in foreign policy, and we all know he is one of the hardest working Members of Congress.  He has been a leader on his own State's interests, and he has emerged as one of the strongest leaders in our entire party on the issues of nuclear strategy and arms control. Jon has explained to an entire generation of Republicans President Reagan's enduring philosophy of peace on strength and then applied it.  Jon has been a zealous proponent of a strong missile defense, and more than any other Senator he helped ensure that the United States had a working nuclear arsenal after the Cold War had ended because, in his view, a strong America that can deter a threat is always the best avenue to peace.  Over the past decade, Jon has applied that same standard to the war on terror, and no one, no one has worked harder to explain the threat of Islamist terrorism or helped equip our Nation with the tools we need to confront and defeat it than Jon Kyl.  Not enough thought has been given to the role of nuclear weapons in American foreign policy and how strategy will evolve as our conventional military is drawn down due to a diminishing investment and how nuclear weapons will be employed to support the articulated strategic pivot to the Asian Pacific theater. The Senate and the country will be well served by Jon's thoughts on these challenges over the coming years. Fortunately, he has thought ahead by encouraging others to step into the void after he leaves.  Throughout his time in Washington, Jon has been guided, as he explained in eloquent detail yesterday, by a profound belief in and commitment to the expansion of freedom and the three primary areas where that commitment plays out in the public square: growth-oriented economics, the social policies that make limited government possible, and any policy that emphasizes a strong and sovereign America. These three pillars have been Jon's guidepost, and we have all benefited tremendously over the years as a party and as a nation from his faithful application and patient explanation of the enduring importance of all three.  In short, Jon is whip smart, and he is a passionate believer and defender of American exceptionalism. But besides all this, he is also a fantastic individual, with a peerless reputation on both sides of the aisle as a man of principle and integrity. I have personally benefited from Jon's policy mind and advice countless times, and, Jon, I want to say how grateful I am for your steady hand and wise counsel over the years.  I always knew I could throw Jon into the middle of any fight, confident our team would own the field. He wasn't just prepared, he was eager to take on the most thankless tasks, and he never ever let me down.  One suspects the seeds of Jon's wisdom and equanimity were planted in his upbringing in the Midwest. As a young boy growing up in Nebraska and Iowa, he learned the value of hard work. His dad led the local chamber of commerce and worked as a high school principal and superintendent. Later on, he joined Jon's uncle in the clothing business--and eventually he served six terms in Congress.  It was a stable, happy, middle-class childhood centered on work, family, and service. It laid a solid foundation for Jon's later successes. ``It was very important to Dad,'' Jon once said, ``that we recognize that even though we weren't rich, we still had an obligation to get involved and give back to the country.''  After graduating from high school, Jon enrolled at the University of Arizona, where he was very much the bundle of energy that anybody who has ever walked more than 10 feet with him is familiar with. Incidentally, I am told that you don't want to go on a hike with Jon unless you are a trained Olympian. He hikes up Camelback Mountain almost every weekend he is home, and there are two routes; one is somewhat challenging and the other one is akin to a Stairmaster. Jon takes the Stairmaster because it is faster. He climbs up without stopping, and then as soon as he gets to the top, he comes right back down. Most people stop to eat an apple or look at the vista--not Jon. He powers right back to the bottom. There is too much work to be done.  During his college years, Jon got involved in debate, politics, and a number of service organizations, graduating with honors in 1964. It was also during his college years that Jon fell in love with Arizona, its red sunny vistas, big skies and warm inviting people. It is there that he fell in love with Caryll Collins, whom he met at church one Sunday and who has been his constant companion and his anchor ever since.  I know Jon would agree that without Caryll's support, patience, and understanding he would never have been able to accomplish all he has over the years. Jon and Caryll have been married nearly 50 years. They have raised two great kids, Kristine and John. They have seven grandchildren. They have been blessed.  After college, Jon went on to earn a law degree from the University of Arizona College of Law, where he was editor of the Law Review. He must have had some great teachers because it is hard to imagine anyone who loves the study and the application of the law as deeply as Jon Kyl.  Jon practiced at a firm in Phoenix for 20 years when he decided to follow his father's footsteps instead and take a turn toward public service. As one long-time friend described it:       [Jon] sat down with . . . Caryll, who is really his      partner, and decided it was time. . . . He could have been a      rich man. But he decided this was more important.  Jon ran for Congress in Arizona's Fourth District and won handily, serving eight terms before winning his Senate seat in 1994.  One way to illustrate how hard Jon has worked over the years is to look at the coverage he got then versus the coverage he gets now. When he first ran for office, one unfriendly paper called him an enigma. But by 2006, that same paper would describe him as a ``national, political figure . . . and one of the five most powerful Senators in Washington . . . a man who most everyone says is a hardworking, keenly intelligent, humble, civilized gentleman who seems always to be doing what he believes is best for America.'' Most of us couldn't get that out of our own press secretaries, let alone the hometown paper.  But it says everything we need to know about Jon Kyl. His work ethic is legendary. For 15 years, Jon labored mostly behind the scenes on one of the most complicated and sensitive issues in Arizona politics, settling American Indian claims to Colorado and Gila River water and resolving an intergovernmental dispute about how much money Arizona should pay for the Central Arizona Project, completed in 1993.  These were longstanding, thorny, legal, and political issues in Arizona. Some thought a settlement was impossible. They didn't know Jon well enough. By 2004, he had succeeded in passing the Arizona Water Settlement Act, simultaneously resolving the outstanding Indian lawsuits and resolving the issue of Arizona's reimbursement rate to the Federal Government.  According to one political commentator, ``It was the most far-reaching Indian water settlement in history,'' and it ``wouldn't have happened without the hard work and keen legal mind of Jon Kyl.''  As Jon himself put it:       It was one of the hardest things I've ever done, but I was      in a position to be the catalyst. There wasn't anybody else      who could do that water deal. And it had to be done.  Jon's work on water settlements carries a lesson for all of us. Similar to any true leader, he saw the need to do something, not just for the folks who elected him but for the generations of Arizonans to come. He thought ahead, and now the people of Arizona can go about their daily lives without having to worry about water at all for generations to come. It will be a huge part of his legacy--and it went more or less unnoticed by most folks in Washington. That is why Jon truly embodies the old maxim, popularized by President Reagan, who had it placed on his desk, that there is no limit to what a man can do or where he can go if he doesn't mind who gets the credit. He almost seems to relish the thankless task. A lot of people don't know this, but Jon actually volunteered to serve on the supercommittee.  At press conferences, Jon has even been known to lean up against a wall so others get noticed instead of him, which, as we all know, is pretty unthinkable to most of the folks around here.  Jon's intelligence and personal humility are just two of the reasons he has been so good at persuading people to his view. He persuaded his colleagues to oppose President Clinton's Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. He has used his immense powers of persuasion literally countless times as minority whip, and he has done all this without ever offending anybody.  He is that rare politician who manages to always stand on principle without ever damaging a relationship. I mean it when I say that to the degree I have had any success at all in my role, it has been only because Jon Kyl has been my partner, counselor, and friend.  Jon always tells folks he is serious because the issues he deals with are serious, and I can't tell you how grateful I am that we have had him for as long as we did and how much I will miss having Jon Kyl around when the gavel falls on the 112th Congress.  One last point. People who know Jon well know he is a huge NASCAR fan. He knows the drivers. He knows the lingo. He goes to two big races every year in Phoenix and nothing, I mean nothing, can keep him from going.  Why do I mention this? As a young lawyer, Jon used to volunteer to be the lookout guy on the hill around the track. This is a guy who keeps a lookout for oil on the track. His view was it might not be the most glamorous work but that it was essential to maintain the safety and the integrity of the race to have someone up there on the lookout. I can't think of a better way to sum up his service in Washington.  Jon has been that serious, behind-the-scenes legislator who always did what needed to be done. He was happy to do the work while others took the credit, and he was happy to explain any issue to anyone and to provide not only the intellectual explanation for the right policy but the elbow grease to get it enacted into law. What mattered to Jon was the good of the country.  He has been a model public servant. And, Jon, I can't tell you how grateful we all are that you were. Thank you for everything, my friend. I truly hate to see you go.  