 President, I would add one comment about the consent I just offered. I think it would not be inaccurate to assert that the proposal the Secretary of the Treasury brought up last Thursday would not have passed the House when Nancy Pelosi was Speaker. This was an unserious proposal. And I can understand why my good friend the majority leader would rather not vote on it because I can't imagine that it would get many, if any, votes here in the Senate as well.  Having made that point, with regard to PNTR for Russia, when the two parties first sat down to discuss the so-called fiscal cliff, it was widely assumed among Republicans that President Obama and Democrats actually wanted to avoid it. That was the premise on which any possible agreement hinged. That was the common goal--or so we thought. Over the past couple of weeks, it has become increasingly clear to many of us that we were simply wrong about that. Incredibly, many top Democrats seem perfectly happy--perfectly happy--to go off the cliff. That is why the President has been more interested in campaign rallies than actually negotiating a deal, and it explains why the President is now stubbornly insisting on raising tax rates when he himself said just last year that you could raise more revenue from capping deductions and closing loopholes.  Look, this isn't about the deficit for them or balance. It is about an ideological campaign most Americans thought would have ended on November 6. And that is also why the President sent Secretary Geithner up here last week with a proposal so completely ridiculous it wouldn't have passed the House, as I indicated earlier, if Nancy Pelosi were still Speaker. It was more of a provocation than a proposal, to be perfectly frank about it. It was a message that the President really doesn't want to deal at all.  To date, not a single Democrat has come forward to support the Geithner proposal, and anybody who looks at the details would certainly understand why. As I just indicated, it includes a $2 trillion tax increase over 10 years--the biggest real-dollar tax increase in U.S. history. It increases taxes on nearly 1 million small businesses in the middle of a jobs crisis. According to Ernst & Young, this type of rate hike would cause more than 700,000 Americans to lose their jobs. It raises taxes on investment income, harming economic growth even more. It includes tens of billions of dollars in more Washington spending in a deal supposedly to cut the deficit. And most outrageous of all, it gives the President of the United States unilateral power to raise the limit on the Federal credit card--the so-called debt ceiling--whenever he wants, for as much as he wants.  While I am flattered that the administration has taken to calling this the ``McConnell provision,'' they seem to have forgotten how this provision worked in the Budget Control Act. Yes, we gave the President the authority then to request a debt ceiling increase, but that was only after the White House agreed to $2 trillion in cuts to Washington spending and agreed to be bound by the timing and amount set by Congress.  This time, the request is for the President to have the ability to raise the debt ceiling whenever he wants, for as much as he wants, with no fiscal responsibility or spending cuts attached. This is an idea opposed by Democrats and Republicans alike. It is a power grab that has no support here, and so it is not only completely dishonest, it is juvenile to compare it to last year's debt ceiling agreement. It would also be incredibly irresponsible since history shows that the only major deficit-cutting deals we ever do around here--ever--come after debates over the debt ceiling. It may be a good idea if you don't care about the debt, but it is a nonstarter for those of us who do. It also represents a dangerous attempt by the President to grab more power over spending--power Congress must not and will not cede.  Beyond these details, not only would the President's plan raise taxes on certain individuals, it would also cap their ability to deduct donations they make to charities, the interest they pay on mortgages, the contributions they make to retirement accounts, and the value of employer-based health insurance. Don't get me wrong, you have heard me say that if Democrats insist on getting more money to Washington, capping these deductions is a better way to raise revenue, but capping deductions and raising taxes is a recipe for economic disaster.  The President's proposal would also subject tens of thousands of small businesses and family farms to a massive tax hike to be paid by the family upon the deaths of the owners. It would impose a crushing tax increase on industries that employ millions of Americans, including manufacturers in my State, businesses that operate abroad, the insurance industry, and would raise the price at the pump by targeting the oil and gas industry for special tax treatment.  It is so ridiculous, as I have said repeatedly, it wouldn't have passed the House under Speaker Pelosi, and that is why even the most liberal Members of Congress, the President's most ardent supporters, haven't come forward to support it. So for the White House to demand a response shows they are just playing games at this point.  If you don't believe me, ask yourself this: How many Democrats would vote for this bill? Not many. But I didn't think we should have to speculate. I still think we should give Democrats a chance to demonstrate for themselves just how serious the President's plan was and how serious they are.  That is why I just asked consent to offer an amendment to the Russia trade bill that gave them that opportunity. As I noted, I would be happy to have this vote here or as an amendment to the next bill or as a stand-alone. It will not slow down what I hope is swift passage of PNTR for Russia. If the President's proposal was made in good faith, our friends should be eager to vote for it. So I am surprised the majority leader just declined the chance for them to support it with their votes. I guess we are left to conclude that it couldn't even pass by a bare majority of votes and they would rather take the country off the cliff than actually work out a good-faith agreement that reflects tough choices on both sides.  To be fair to the Secretary and to the President, we didn't just put together a bill that included his $2 trillion tax increase, we also added the almost $400 billion in new tax stimulus measures he wanted as well. This bill contains a continuation of the payroll tax holiday, a 10-percent credit on new wages that will go to businesses large and small, and it included a fix to one of the many flawed provisions of ObamaCare, an expansion of the tax credit for businesses that no one uses. This proposal reflected exactly what was in the President's budget and his various submissions to Congress. I, for one, was eager to see this vote, to see if Senate Democrats were ready to support it. I think folks should know who actually wants to raise taxes on family farmers and manufacturers and who thinks we can solve our fiscal problems without doing anything serious to our real long-term liabilities.  Our Democratic friends are so focused on the politics of this debate that they seem to forget there is a cost. They are feeling so good about the election, they have forgotten they have a duty to govern. A lot of people are going to suffer--a lot--if we go off this cliff. That is why we assumed Democrats would have preferred to avoid it. We thought this was the perfect opportunity to do something. Apparently, we were wrong.  I yield the floor.  