 SSG Gary L. Woods, Jr., of Shepherdsville, KY, was killed on April 10, 2009, in Mosul, Iraq, in a terrorist suicide bomber attack. He was 24 years old.  For his service to America, Staff Sergeant Woods received several medals, awards, and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal, the Purple Heart, two Army Commendation Medals, three Army Achievement Medals, two Army Good Conduct Medals, the National Defense Service Medal, three Iraq Campaign Medals with Bronze Service Stars, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, two Noncommissioned Officers Professional Development Ribbons, the Army Service Ribbon, and three Overseas Service Ribbons.  Staff Sergeant Woods, who went by Lee, was born on June 24, 1984, on a Sunday. ``He had very light brown hair and beautiful blue eyes,'' remembers Lee's mother, Becky Johnson. ``He was my first-born child and my only son.''  Lee grew up in Shepherdsville, where he attended Roby Elementary School, Bullitt Lick Middle School, and Bullitt Central High School, from which he graduated in 2002. In school he participated in Bullitt County's Gifted and Talented Program, and was a member of the academic team in both middle school and high school.  Lee also loved music. He played the trumpet, baritone, and trombone in school and sang in the concert choir. He taught himself how to play piano at age 6. He played the guitar, too, and took a guitar with him on two tours in Iraq to entertain his friends. Lee also played the drums.  ``Before returning from his second tour he ordered a set of drums and had them delivered to my house,'' Becky remembers. ``When he came home on family leave, he had to set them up the minute he got there, and played them in my basement for a full week. I would give anything to hear him beat on those drums again!''  Lee also enjoyed drawing pictures, fishing, camping, and woodworking. He was obviously a talented young man. But his mother will always remember music as one of his greatest loves.  During his sophomore year at high school, Lee joined Junior ROTC. It was then that he first had the idea to one day join the service. In January 2003, Lee told his mother that he had joined the Army.  Becky was surprised at first, but when Lee laid out his argument, she could see that he had given the opportunity serious thought and was excited about the future. ``I knew at that instant that my son had become one heck of a man,'' she says. ``He had listened to me all those years after all. I couldn't say anything except, `I love you and I will always support you 110 percent.' ''  Lee entered active service in February 2003, and did his basic training at Fort Knox, in my home State of Kentucky. He graduated as a tank armor crewman and deployed on his first of three missions to Iraq from August 2003 to March 2004. Lee's second Iraq deployment lasted from March 2005 to February 2006.  After his second deployment, Lee got a reassignment to the First Battalion, 67th Armor Regiment, 4th Infantry Division, based in Fort Carson, CO. He deployed for the third and final time to Iraq in September 2008, and received a promotion to staff sergeant soon afterwards in December.  In January 2009, one of Lee's fellow soldiers and close friends, Darrell Hernandez, was killed, and Lee escorted his friend back home in February. ``Soon after returning from this, he volunteered for a mission that would take his own life and the lives of four other U.S. soldiers,'' Becky remembers.  That mission put Lee in a convoy of five vehicles that on April 10, 2009, exited the gates of Forward Operating Base Marez in Mosul, Iraq. Shortly after leaving the base, a dump truck sped towards the convoy. Lee was driving the fifth and last vehicle.  Lee drove to put his gunner in position to fire on the dump truck. But tragically, that dump truck detonated with 10,000 pounds of explosives, killing Staff Sergeant Gary L. Woods, Jr., and four other American soldiers.  ``