 President, as the majority leader has indicated, two legislative milestones have been reached in the Senate today by two dedicated and long-serving Senators who happen to be from different sides of the aisle. I pay tribute to the senior Senator from Vermont, Mr. Leahy, for casting his 14,000th vote, and to the senior Senator from Indiana, Mr. Lugar, for casting his 13,000th vote.  To put these milestones in perspective:  Senator Leahy, a Member of the Senate since 1975, ranks sixth on the all-time rollcall vote list, most recently passing former Senator Pete Domenici. Senator Lugar, who was first elected to the Senate 2 years later, in 1976, ranks tenth on the all-time list and most recently passed our former colleague and current occupant of the chair, Vice President Joe Biden. This is not only a remarkable accomplishment of longevity for both men, it is also an opportunity for their colleagues to honor them for their decades of service to the people of Indiana and of Vermont.  Senator Leahy isn't just the second most senior Senator in this body, he is also the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and a senior member of the Agriculture and Appropriations Committees. Pat and I got to know each other pretty well, alternating as chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee of Appropriations for over a decade. Somehow he finds time to also be an amateur photographer and to have a blossoming movie career. I have no doubt he gives most of the credit, of course, to Marcelle, his wife, with whom he will be celebrating a far more important milestone in the next month, their 50th wedding anniversary. So congratulations to Pat on both counts.  As for our friend Senator Dick Lugar, I have known him going back to my first Senate campaign. He is the longest serving Member of Congress in Indiana history and one of America's most widely respected voices on foreign policy. In a career filled with many achievements and milestones, Senator Lugar's leadership on the Nunn-Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction Program is, in my opinion, his greatest and most lasting achievement with the American people--not only for the American people and for the security of this country, but for the promotion of peace throughout the world. Because of Senator Lugar's work, thousands of nuclear warheads have been dismantled and the world is, indeed, a safer place.  Like Senator Leahy, I know Senator Lugar would say none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his wife of 55 years, Charlene. So I congratulate them both on this milestone and I join my colleagues in once again paying tribute toour two colleagues and this signature achievement.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennet). The Senator from Vermont.  