 President, yesterday I came to the floor to discuss what is known as the fiscal cliff, a mix of automatic tax hikes and defense cuts that are set to hit at the end of the year, jeopardizing our security as well as our economy. My message was pretty simple: A solution is possible.  Republicans have been reasonable, and the President needs to lead. He is the only one who can get us to a solution. If that is what he wants, we will succeed. So it was with some concern that I read this morning that the President plans to hit the road next week to drum up support for his own personal approach to the short- and long-term fiscal challenges we face. In other words, rather than sitting down with lawmakers of both parties and working out an agreement, he is back on the campaign trail, presumably with the same old talking points with which we are all quite familiar.  Look, we already know the President is a very good campaigner. We congratulate him on his reelection. What we do not know is whether he has the leadership qualities necessary to lead his party to a bipartisan agreement on big issues such as we currently face. So let me suggest that if the President wants a solution to the challenges of the moment, the people he needs to be talking to are the members of his own party so he can convince them of the need to act. We are not going to solve this problem by creating villains and drumming up outrage. We will solve the problem by doing the hard work of sitting down and figuring out a solution that involves tough choices on all sides.  That gets at another point I made yesterday. In the past, Democrats have demanded tax hikes now for spending cuts that never actually happen. Not this time. A balanced approach means real spending reductions now. And I am not saying this because it is the Republicans' position, although it is. I am not saying this because I have anything against the government, which I do not. I am saying this because it is the only approach that has any chance of working. No credible deficit reduction plan we have seen over the past few years excludes real cuts. If we want to prevent this crisis, Democrats need to be as serious about cutting spending as they are about spending. It is that simple.  By the way, this is an approach Americans overwhelmingly support. According to a recent AP poll, voters prefer spending cuts to tax hikes 62 percent to 29 percent--a more than 2-to-1 margin. Now, there is a reason for this. 