                           Student Loan Debt  Mr. McCONNELL. Madam President, one of the most heartbreaking yet underreported consequences of the Obama economy is the extent to which college graduates today are stepping out into a world where the possibilities no longer seem endless. Unlike generations past, today's college graduates are more likely to end up either unemployed or back at home with mom and dad, saddled with student loan debt that they are to end up with for the rest of their lives. And they don't tend to have the opportunity to get that job of their dreams.  For a great many of them, the excitement and the promise of President Obama's campaign 4 years ago have long since faded as their hopes collided with an economy that he has done so much to reshape. So it is understandable that the President is so busy these days trying to persuade these students that the struggles they face or will soon face have more to do with a piece of legislation we expect to fix than with his own failed promises. It is understandable that he would want to make them believe the fairy tale that there are villains in Washington who would rather help millionaires and billionaires than struggling college students. But that doesn't make this kind of deception any more acceptable.  Today the President will hold another rally at which he will tell students that unless Congress acts, their interest rates will go up in July. What he won't tell them is that he cared so little about this legislation that created this problem 5 years ago that he didn't even show up to vote for it and that once he became President, he didn't even bother to include a fix for this problem in his own budget.  Look, if the President was more interested in solving this problem than in hearing the sound of his own voice or the applause of college students, all he would have to do is pick up the phone and work it out with Congress. We don't want the interest rates on these loans to double in this economy. We don't want today's graduates to have to suffer any more than they already are as a result of this President's failure to turn the economy around after more than 3 years in office. Really, the only question is how to pay for it. Democrats want to pay for it by raiding Social Security and Medicare and by making it even harder for small businesses to hire. We happen to think that at a time when millions of Americans and countless college students can't even find a decent job, it makes no sense whatsoever to punish the very businesses we are counting on to hire them. It is counterproductive and clearly the wrong direction to take.  So let's be honest. 