 President, I rise this morning to acknowledge the loss of an American hero and patriot. It is my sad duty today to report to my colleagues that Kentucky has lost one of our finest heroes in uniform. This particular loss is very personal to me, as I knew this outstanding young man very well.  CPT Daniel H. Utley of the U.S. Army was killed in the North African country of Mali just a few days ago, on April 20, 2012, while on a training mission to help the local citizens combat terrorism. Dan was 33 years old.  For his service to our country, Captain Utley received many medals, awards, and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Army Commendation Medal, the Joint Service Achievement Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the Joint Meritorious Unit Award, the National Defense Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Combat Star, the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Korean Defense Service Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Service Ribbon, and the NATO Medal. Captain Utley also received the Basic Parachutist Badge and his Thailand Jump Wings.  Charley Utley, Dan's Father said:       He was a great young man; he was a great son. He always put      other people ahead of himself. He did an outstanding job      while he was there. He loved being in the Army. He enjoyed      what he was doing, and he really thought he was making a      difference.  It goes without saying that every man and woman in our Armed Forces is an American of special fortitude and character. But I can personally testify to that truth on behalf of Dan Utley. At my alma mater, the University of Louisville, I was glad to have begun the McConnell Scholars Program, a rigorous and prestigious scholarship program for the finest students in Kentucky that prepares them for a lifetime of leadership and service. Dan was one of the best McConnell Scholars to ever grace the program.  I could not agree more with my good friend, Dr. Gary Gregg, the director of the McConnell Scholars Program, who said of Dan's loss: ``America has lost a rising star.''  Dan was born in Bowling Green, KY, on April 13, 1979. He was raised in Glasgow, KY, and he went to Glasgow High School where he played soccer and was a member of the academic team. He was also a member of Glasgow's First Christian Church.  Dan had a lot of hobbies, but most of them had one thing in common: 