 President, this Monday, May 28, is Memorial Day. It is a day for all Americans to honor the brave men and women in uniform who have served and defended our Nation--especially those who sacrificed their very lives for this sacred duty.  It is only right that we set aside this day to remember those who have given us so much. Freedom as we know it in America could not exist without their heroism.  On Memorial Day, we honor servicemembers who laid down their lives fighting under the command of GEN George Washington, to those who have perished in Afghanistan and Iraq. What a proud legacy of fighting for freedom our country has. I am honored to live in a nation that boasts the bravest warriors in the world.  I am also honored to serve my fellow Kentuckians, who understand the importance of this day more, I think, than most. Kentucky has a proud tradition of military service that is upheld today by the many Armed Forces members at our State's military bases, the members of the Kentucky National Guard, our reservists, and Kentuckians fighting around the world. Since September 11, 2001, 107 Kentucky servicemembers have fallen while fighting for their country.  I have been honored to meet many of the family members of these soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines who did not return home. I have let them know that their loved ones will not be forgotten. Memorial Day is a chance to make sure that message is heard loud and clear across America.  I want to share with my colleagues a special story about one soldier in particular from Kentucky. SGT Felipe Pereira of the 101st Airborne Division, based out of Fort Campbell, KY, recently was awarded the Nation's second highest military honor, the Distinguished Service Cross, for his acts of bravery in battle.  Sergeant Pereira is the first soldier from the 101st Airborne to be awarded the Distinguished Service Cross since the Vietnam war. At a ceremony this April at Fort Campbell, Chief of Staff of the Army GEN Ray Odierno presented Sergeant Pereira with the venerated military decoration.  According to the award citation, on November 1, 2010, in Kandahar province, Afghanistan, a squad of soldiers that included Sergeant Pereira was on dismounted patrol when an improvised explosive device went off, killing two of Sergeant Pereira's comrades and wounding Sergeant Pereira with shrapnel that caused his lung to begin to collapse. As an enemy ambush began to unfold, ``with little regard for his own safety or care'' Sergeant Pereira drove an all-terrain vehicle into enemy fire to help evacuate wounded soldiers.  After moving the first set of casualties, the sergeant went back into the line of fire once more to help others. Sergeant Pereira is credited with ``saving the lives of two of his fellow soldiers while risking his own [on] multiple occasions. Only after all the wounded soldiers had been evacuated and were receiving medical care did he accept treatment himself.''  Mr. President, Sergeant Pereira's selfless actions demand our admiration and respect. What is more, so does his selfless attitude about his bravery on that fateful day.  ``Every time I have the opportunity, I always say remember those that gave the ultimate sacrifice,'' said Sergeant Pereira in an article published by the Fort Campbell Courier. ``I still get to come back and enjoy barbecues with my family and their love and everything. Those guys, they really gave it all. Those are truly the heroes. Just remember those guys. I think even on a happy occasion like this, I think we need to celebrate their life and their sacrifice.''  I can't improve on those words. Sergeant Pereira has captured the meaning of Memorial Day right there, in those words of wisdom.  So I hope this Memorial Day, people will heed the advice of SGT Felipe Pereira. The men and women who ``really gave it all'' are truly the heroes, and this Monday is their day to receive our admiration and our respect. I know my friends in Kentucky and people across America will not forget that.  