 Sadly, that includes Senator Scott Brown of Massachusetts.  Senator Brown came to us already something of a political legend. In just a few short years, he leaves behind an outsized legacy. We all remember how Scott rose to national prominence in the election literally heard about around the world. After the death of Senator Kennedy, there was an open seat in Massachusetts and a special election to fill it. Few people even entertained the thought of a Republican winning. And for good reason. Few States are as synonymous with political liberalism.  Democrats outnumber Republicans in the State 3 to 1, and the entire congressional delegation is composed of Democrats. But supported by his wife Gail and their daughters, along with some key early allies, including our own Senator McCain, Scott appealed to the State's political independents, ran a flawless campaign, and won. As he put it on election night, he beat the odds and the experts, and the people became the machine. I think the 2006 GMC Canyon that Scott drove around during the election should actually go to the Smithsonian.  We all remember that night, and, in particular, Scott's acceptance speech. Most people focus on what he said about his daughters, but the speech itself was a masterpiece. It perfectly summed up the political moment, and it captured something essential about Scott's success; that is, the notion that no politician has a right to his or her seat; that we are all here to serve our constituents.  Every day I hold this office, Scott said, ``I will give all that is in me to serve you well and to make you proud . . . [and] most of all, I will remember that while the honor is mine, this Senate seat belongs to no one person and to no political party, and as I have said before, and you said loud and clear today, it is the people's seat.''  Scott lived up to his promise. He captured the imagination of the entire country when he corrected David Gergen by telling him the so-called Kennedy seat was, in fact, the people's seat. He carried that message straight to Washington.  I remember Scott telling me in our very first meeting that I could not count on his vote, that I would have to earn it. I told him he could do whatever he pleased. While he has not been here long, he has certainly made his mark. I have seen a lot of politicians in my day, but few have been as talented as Scott Brown. He is a unique talent. I have no doubt we will see him back in Washington someday in the not too distant future.  The truth is, Scott's victory was not the first time he had done what others thought impossible. As a young man, he knew poverty first hand, and a broken home, and even took to shoplifting to feed himself and his sister. Yet Scott overcame these early challenges. As is often the case, he owes a lot of it to an adult who saw his potential early on.  In Scott's case, that adult was Judge Samuel Zoll. When Scott showed up in his chambers one day, Judge Zoll saw a troubled but decent young man who needed a friendly nudge.  ``We had a long talk about [the] talent I thought he had, and I didn't want to see him squander it,'' Judge Zoll later recalled.  Scott, of course, remembers it a little differently, saying the judge ``verbally kicked [his] butt.''  The judge ordered Scott to write a 1,500-word essay about disappointing his family. After reading it, he told Scott he would give him a break this time, but if he ever stole anything again--anything--he would be sent to jail. Judge Zoll's lesson stuck so deeply that the two men remained friends until Judge Zoll's death last year.  Scott went on to be a baseball star in high school and in college, earning the nickname ``Downtown Scotty Brown.'' That was for his accuracy with a 3-point shot. Then he went to law school, the Army National Guard, held city and State political office, where he was 1 of just 5 Republicans in a body of 40 in the State senate and then the U.S. Senate.  Senator Brown also famously found time to do a little modeling in his youth, and it was through this work that he met his wife Gail. I have had the pleasure to get to know Scott and Gail well over the last 3 years. They have two daughters and make an absolutely wonderful family. I am sure Gail, Ayla, and Arianna are very proud of Scott and just as sad as I am to see his tenure cut short. But they should be proud of the fact that Scott has accomplished a lot in 3 short years in the Senate.  He led the charge to repeal a burdensome withholding tax that hurt small businesses. He crafted legislation for crowdfunding, which allowed job creators to raise startup funds for their businesses over the Internet with less redtape, and he introduced legislation to ensure that children's hospitals have access to discounts on orphan drugs that are used to treat rare diseases. All of these bills are now law.  As a 32-year member of the National Guard, Senator Brown takes a special interest in our men and women in uniform and their families. He introduced legislation to give businesses incentives to hire veterans, who, sadly, havehigher unemployment rates than the national average. He introduced and saw to passage legislation creating the Office of Service Member Affairs to protect troops who are often targeted by financial fraud and scams. He saw to the passage of legislation making it easier to void government contracts with businesses found to be funneling taxpayer resources to terrorist groups. He fought for National Guard members and their families to receive their fair housing allowance when deployed overseas.  Although his work in the Senate has come to an end, I am sure Scott Brown's work in public service, in whatever capacity, will not. He is still a young man with a bright future ahead of him. I, for one, am very much looking forward to seeing how he uses his talents next.  From the statehouse to the Senate, from the modeling shoot to the basketball court, Senator Scott Brown has always made his own success. I do not think he knows any other way.  Scott, it has been an honor serving with you. You not only made history, you made a difference. You should be proud.  I yield the floor.  