 President, I rise today to pay tribute to Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, who will be retiring at the end of the year. Senator Hutchison has been a dear friend and colleague for a long time. She has always been ready to offer wise counsel, and I have usually listened.  It is truly bittersweet saying goodbye to Kay. On the one hand, I understand her desire to spend more time with Bailey and Houston; we are all glad she will now be able to cheer from the sidelines at their soccer games. On the other hand, we will miss seeing them practice their corner kicks on the second floor of the Russell building.  By the way, if you have ever been with Kay on one of her early morning power walks, you know where her kids get their energy. I am told Kay has worn out multiple Members of Congress, several staffers, and quite a few others on those walks. And it is a fitting metaphor for her career. There are so many talents in the Senate, it is easy to forget what remarkable stories many of them have. And Senator Hutchison's is without question one of the most impressive.  Raised in an era when women were a rarity in politics, Kay forged her own path, kicking open the door of opportunity wherever she went. In the process, she has come to personify Texan independence; which is entirely fitting, since one of Kay's great-great-great grandfathers signed the Texas Declaration of Independence.  Kay's many successes in life are a testament to her personal toughness and determination in the face of what would have seemed like insurmountable obstacles to many lesser talents. Though she was ``brought up,'' as she once put it, ``to be a lady, to have good manners--and to be ready to get married,'' she always excelled in school. And she was one of just a handful of women, out of a class of hundreds, to graduate from her University of Texas law school class in 1967.  Kay hit what she called her ``first brick wall'' after graduation. Law firms in Texas just were not hiring women back then, so she turned to an industry that would give her a chance, becoming Houston's first female news reporter. Indeed, thanks to Kay's success, two competing Houston networks hired female reporters within 6 months of her arrival at KPRC-TV, the NBC affiliate, in 1967. Appropriately, Kay was assigned to cover the Texas Legislature, and she gave it her all.  Having inherited her dad's work ethic, she was soon being encouraged to run for office herself. At the time, few women served in the Texas legislature, and not a single female Republican had ever been elected to the State House. But Kay had an idea: if those law firms were not going to let her interpret the law, she might as well ask her neighbors if they would elect her to make the law. So, at the age of 28, Kay ran for the Texas House. She dispatched her male opponents with ease, becoming one of just 13 Republicans elected that year to the 150-member Texas House. It was a tough transition. Kay says that as a cheerleader at UT, she was not really prepared for the combat of politics. As a cheerleader, she said, she wanted everybody to like her. But she overcame that too. Kay has engaged in a lot of tough battles over the years, and she has won most of them.  One story along those lines relates to Kay's office over in Russell. Anybody who has ever been there knows that it is at the end of on a dead-end hallway, and that at the very end stands a very large flag of Texas. Apparently, when Kay put the flag out, the staff director of the Rules Committee did not like it. He thought it violated a rule, so he mentioned it to his boss, Senator John Warner. Legend has it that Senator Warner nodded gravely--gravely--at the young man and told him he was free to approach Senator Hutchison, but that he had no intention of taking on the mission himself. She is tough.  Following her service in the State legislature, Kay worked as a businesswoman before winning election as State treasurer in 1990. Three years later, when Senator Lloyd Bentsen accepted an offer to become President Clinton's treasury secretary, Kay jumped into the race to replace him. Once again, she bested another all-male field to advance to a runoff against Bentsen's appointed successor, trouncing the incumbent Democrat with nearly 70 percent of the vote, and becoming the first woman to represent the Nation's second-largest State in the U.S. Senate.  Kay came to Washington ready to work. She established herself early on as a leader on transportation and NASA, and as a fighter for lower taxes, and smaller, smarter government. Kay won acclaim as an advocate for science and competitiveness, helped secure bipartisan support for the landmark America COMPETES Act, and she became known throughout the State for the close attention she paid to constituents.  Shortly after her election to the Senate, Kay began a tradition--imitated by many others since--of holding weekly constituent meetings over coffee whenever the Senate is in session. The groups usually range in size from about 100 to 150, and at any given coffee you might come across families in Bermuda shorts, bankers in pinstripes, or college football players. Over the years, Kay has hosted about 50,000 people in her office through these coffees, but her attention to constituent service goes well beyond that. Back home, she is one of few politicians in Texas who have actually visited all 254 counties, some of which are home to more cattle than people. And during Kay's tenure, her office has helped broker the rescue of a Texan from atop Mt. Everest, evacuate an oil worker and students during a revolution in Albania, evacuate tourists from Machu Pichu after a flood, and help evacuate workers and missionaries from Haiti after the devastating hurricanes of 2008.  All of us are grateful to Senator Hutchison for her work in finally recognizing the hundreds of female Army Air Force pilots--or WASPs--who flew non-combat missions in World War II, so male pilots would be free for combat missions. Thirty-eight of these women lost their lives performing their duties. We thank Senator Hutchison for raising awareness of their service and their sacrifice and honoring their memory. Senator Hutchison's thoughts are never far from our men and women in uniform. Her office walls are filled with photos of her visits with our troops in Bosnia, Iraq, and elsewhere. In the run-up to the Budget Control Act, she authored a bill to assure servicemen and women would be paid in the event of a government shutdown, recruiting more than 80 cosponsors. She served as chair and ranking member of the Military Construction subcommittee on Appropriations. She was a tenacious advocate for Texas during a series of BRACs, and the results speak for themselves: Today, one out of five Army and Air Force personnel are stationed at military installations in Texas, many of which were once considered likely candidates for closing.  Throughout her Senate career, Kay has worked hard to develop and maintain close relationships with fellow female senators from both parties. As a result of those friendships, Kay helped co-author the book ``Nine and Counting: The Women of the Senate'' in 2000, teamed up with Senator Feinstein to create the Amber Alert system, and co-authored legislation with Senator Mikulski to provide stay-at-home moms with the same tax-credit opportunities as working women. One of her proudest achievements was to lead the successful flight to lessen the marriage penalties in our tax code.  As the ranking member on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Kay has wielded outsize influence, partly due to her strong working relationship with Chairman Rockefeller, who sometimes refers to her as his co-chairperson. And I can say for myself that having Kay at the leadership table has been a tremendous asset as I have navigated challenges over the years.  A truly gifted politician, Kay secured reelection by wide margins in 1994, 2000, and 2006, and still holds the record for most votes in Texas history. One reason is she will work with anyone--even those with whom she might not typically agree--if it helps Texas.  While I know many are sorry to see this giant of Texas politics leave the arena in Washington, I am sure every one of them admires the spirit in which she returns to Ray and the kids and their busy Dallas home. Kay, on behalf of the entire Senate, thank you for your extraordinary service and for your friendship.  I know you won't miss having to answer to that buzzer anymore, but we will miss you. It has been a privilege to serve with you. On behalf of the entire Senate family, I wish you all the very best.  