 President, the U.S. Senate has been conducting its business here in Washington for just over 200 years, and for more than a fifth of that time, Senator Dan Inouye of Hawaii stood in its ranks. It was just one of the many astonishing feats for a man who so rarely called attention to himself but who had every reason in the world to do so. In a life of honors he was never drawn to fanfare, and that always made him a different kind of Senator. So today we mourn not only a friend and a colleague but also everything he represented to a nation that will always need courageous and principled men such as Dan Inouye if it is to flourish and succeed.  The people who worked with Dan Inouye might have known he served in World War II, but they could have gone years without knowing he was one of the most decorated soldiers of his time. To Dan, his achievements were simply part of the job--and they were many. They start with his military heroism, of course, and they continue throughout his long career of public service. He was the iconic political figure of the fiftieth State.  Until his death, he was the only original member of a congressional delegation still serving in Congress, and there is scarcely an acre of Hawaii or a person in the State that Dan hasn't affected or influenced.  Over many years of diligent committee work, he helped ensure an entire generation of uniformed military went into battle well prepared and that they were well cared for when they returned. Yet despite all this, Dan's quiet demeanor and strict adherence to an older code of honor and professionalism made him a stranger to controversy throughout his many decades in public office. He was the kind of man and the kind of public servant, in other words, that America has always been grateful to have, especially in her darkest hours--men who lead by example and expect nothing in return.  One of my favorite Dan Inouye stories took place right here in the Capitol back in 1959. The memory of a hard-fought war against the Japanese was fresh in many minds as the Speaker of the House, Sam Rayburn, prepared to administer the oath to a young war hero who was not only the first Member from Hawaii but the first American of Japanese descent ever elected to Congress.  ''Raise your right hand and repeat after me . . . '' Rayburn said.  And here is how another Congressman would later record what followed:       The hush deepened as the young Congressman raised not his      right hand but his left and repeated the oath of office.      There was no right hand. It had been lost in combat by that      young American soldier in World War II. And who can deny that      at that moment, a ton of prejudice slipped quietly to the      floor of the House of Representatives.  It is a perfect image of how Dan led by example throughout his long career--with quiet dignity and unquestioned integrity.  It started early for Dan. As a young boy growing up in Hawaii, he and hisfriends always thought of themselves as Americans. Yet after Pearl Harbor they suddenly found themselves lumped in with the enemy. It was one of the reasons so many of them felt such an intense desire to serve. Their loyalty and patriotism had been questioned, and they were determined to prove their allegiance beyond any doubt.  When the Army lifted its ban on Japanese Americans, Dan and his friends jumped at the chance to serve. An astonishing 80 percent of military-age men of Japanese descent who lived in Hawaii volunteered--80 percent. Mr. President, 2,686 of them were accepted, including Dan, who was an 18-year-old student at the University of Hawaii.  Together, they formed what would become the most decorated military unit in American history, the famed 442nd Regimental Combat Team. As platoon leader, Dan spent 3 bloody months in the Rome Arno campaign and 2 brutal weeks rescuing a Texas battalion that was surrounded by German forces, an operation military historians often describe as one of the most significant battles of the 20th century.  After the rescue, Dan was sent back to Italy, where on April 21, 1945, in a ridge near San Terenzo, he displayed the extraordinary bravery for which he would later receive the Medal of Honor. Dan then spent nearly 2 years in a Michigan Army hospital where he also met Bob Dole and Philip Hart.  Dan had always wanted to be a surgeon, but that dream faded away on that ridge in Italy. Instead, he became a very fine Senator and one of the most impressive and effective public servants of our time.  Dan never let narrow party interests stand in the way of friendship or cooperation on matters of real national importance. His friendship with former Republican Senator Ted Stevens was one of the most storied in all of Senate history. I know I never hesitated to call on Dan when I thought something truly important was at stake. As Dan always said: ``To have friends, you've got to be a friend.''  It is a good principle. It is one he always lived up to. And it is one that is needed now more than ever.  Elaine and I extend to Irene and the entire Inouye family our deepest sympathy on their loss, which is also the Nation's loss. It was a privilege to have worked alongside this good man and to call him a friend. We will miss him. Yet we are consoled by the thought that he has now finally heard those words he longed to hear: ``Well done, good and faithful servant . . . enter into your master's joy.''  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Shaheen). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  