 President, as the majority leader indicated, we have had a number of very constructive conversations about reaching an agreement on voting on both germane and nongermane amendments to this bill. I think we are very close to getting there. My concern is that if cloture is invoked right now, we would not get an agreement, and amendments that we are very close to agreeing to have considered on both sides--the amendments that are sought to be offered are not just on the Republican side but on the Democratic side as well--will end up being shut out.  If we were not so close, I might have a different view, but we are very close to getting an agreement. If we invoke cloture right now, that agreement will not come together.  So I would encourage a ``no'' vote--not to stop the bill. This is a bill that is not going to be stopped. It has broad bipartisan support. Senator Boxer and Senator Inhofe have worked very hard on this legislation, and we anticipate being able to wrap it up.  But just to underscore where we are, I have indicated I would like to offer a unanimous consent agreement that kind of summarizes where I think we are.  I would ask unanimous consent that the pending Reid amendment be withdrawn, that it be in order to offer a new perfecting amendment cleared by both leaders which contains the three titles; further, that the following nonrelevant amendments be in order to S. 1813, and they be subject to the 60-vote affirmative threshold; Senator Collins No. 1660, Boiler MACT; Senator Vitter No. 1535, OCS; Wyden side-by-side relevant to Hoeven No. 1537; Hoeven No. 1537 related to the Keystone Pipeline; Levin amendment on offshore tax havens; McConnell or designee relevant to Levin amendment; a Cantwell amendment on energy tax extenders; a McConnell or designee amendment relevant to the Cantwell amendment; Menendez amendment on natural gas; and a Coburn amendment, No. 1738, on duplication.  I further ask unanimous consent that the following highway-related amendments also be in order: DeMint No. 1756; Coats No. 1517; Blunt No. 1540; Paul No. 1556; Portman No. 1736; Portman No. 1742; Corker No. 1785; Corker, on highway trust fund, No. 1786; Hutchison No. 1568; McCain No. 1669; and 10 highway-related amendments to be offered by the majority leader or his designee.  I further ask unanimous consent that following the disposition of the above-listed amendments and the managers' package of amendments to be cleared by both managers of the bill, the bill be read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bill, as amended.  Finally, I ask unanimous consent that following passage of S. 1813, the bill be held at the desk and that when the Senate receives the companion measure from the House, the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration, all after the enacting clause be stricken, the text of S. 1813 as passed be inserted in lieu thereof; that the bill then be read three times and passed, the Senate insist on its amendment, request a conference with the House, andthe Chair be authorized to appoint conferees on the part of the Senate with a ratio agreed to with the concurrence of both leaders.  