 President, I would like to turn to another issue that does not grab as many headlines as these others we have been focused on these last few days but which is critically important since it relates to the mortal threat that has been quietly gathering against one of the most cherished safeguards of our government.  I am referring to the latest effort by some on the other side, most of whom have never served a day in the minority, to force a change in Senate rules at the beginning of the new year that would fundamentally change the character of the Senate. This is no exaggeration.  What these Democrats have in mind is a fundamental change to the way the Senate operates for the purpose of consolidating their own power and further marginalizing the minority voice the Senate was built to protect.  In the name of efficiency, their plan is to use a heavy-handed tactic that would poison party relations even more. In the name of efficiency, they would prevent the very possibility of compromise and threaten to make the disputes of the past few years mere pillow fights. To understand why, let me explain in a little more detail what is being proposed.  What this small group of primarily Senate sophomores is now proposing is that when the Senate gavels in at the beginning of the new Congress, a bare majority of Senators can disregard the rule that says changes to the Senate rules can only be approved on the same broad bipartisan basis we reserve for approving treaties and overriding Presidential vetoes, a supermajority plus.  Lyndon Johnson once said of the 67-vote threshold for changes to the rules that it ``preserves indisputably thecharacter of the Senate as the one continuing body in our policy making process.''  Senator Reid himself once described changing the Senate procedure by majority fiat as ``breaking the rules to change the rules.''  What is being proposed now would undermine the very purpose of the Senate as the one place in our system where minority views and opinions have been respected and heard and, in most cases, incorporated into law.  Until now, you could say that protecting the rights of a political minority has always been the defining characteristic of the Senate. That is why Members of both parties have always defended it whether they were in the majority or minority, because they knew the Senate was the last legislative check against the kind of raw exercise of power majority parties have always been tempted to wield.  