 President, earlier this week, the majority leader and a number of his colleagues took to the floor to defend the President's health care law and to tout provisions they believed to be popular with the public. What they didn't do was allow a vote on the entirety of the bill, which proves to be even more of a disaster with each passing day and which the majority of Americans continue to vigorously oppose.  Put another way, Senate Democrats spent nearly an entire day talking about parts--parts--of ObamaCare that polled well but refused to spend 15 minutes being caught on camera voting to uphold the entire law. What are they afraid of? Why will they not allow a vote?  When the health care bill was working its way through Congress, you will recall, former Speaker of the House Pelosi famously said: We need to pass the bill to find out what is in it. Now that we have had some time to study its consequences, I can't think of any reason why Senators wouldn't want to stand and be counted with a vote on the floor either for or against repeal.  Does ObamaCare get a passing grade or not? That is all I asked for on Tuesday, a vote to either reaffirm or repudiate the votes we all took on ObamaCare based on everything we know about it now that we didn't know back then.  It has been clear, in my view, that the Democratic health care law is making things worse and should be repealed in full. A week doesn't seem to pass that we don't learn about some problem this law creates or doesn't solve.  There is a headline in the Wall Street Journal today: ``Small Firms See Pain in Health Law.'' And just yesterday we learned it will increase Federal spending and subsidies on health care by $580 billion, which means even after you count the more than $700 billion it takes out of Medicare, it still increases Federal health spending and subsidies by more than one-half of $1 trillion.  So let's have a vote. Let's have a vote: Is ObamaCare making things better or worse? Let's show the American people where we stand. It is what the American people want. It is a vote they deserve.  When my friends on the other side are represented on the floor, I will ask consent for a vote that would follow the completion of cyber security, so I will defer on asking that consent until the majority leader or one of his representatives comes to the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  