 President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tester). Without objection, it is so ordered.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, it is almost August. We are just a few weeks away from the political parties' nominating conventions. At this point in past Presidential election years, the Senate is diligently working on things such as appropriations bills or the Defense authorization bill but not this year in the Senate.  Our Democratic colleagues refuse to do the basic work of government. Even though Chairman Inouye has said he would like to pass some of the nine appropriations bills his committee has worked hard to complete, we haven't taken up a single one. Our Democratic colleagues will not bring the Defense authorization bill to the floor either, even though both the chairman and the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee are ready to work on this important legislation as well. And they refuse to work with us to help the economy or to prevent a looming tax hike on nearly 1 million small businesses at the end of the year.  Instead, they prefer to waste valuable time on a vote they have argued for many years shouldn't take place this close to a Presidential election. Now that there is a Democrat in the White House, they refuse to follow past practice on postponing the consideration of circuit court nominations this late in a Presidential election year so the American people can decide whom they want to make these important appointments. This practice is known as the Leahy-Thurmond rule. It is a custom they vigorously defended when there was a Republican in the White House.  So let's take a look at recent history. In 2004, the unemployment rate was only 5.4 percent. On our circuit courts, however, back in 2004, there were nine declared judicial emergencies. That didn't matter to our Democratic colleagues. The Senate stopped--stopped--circuit court nominations in June of that year, even though we had nine judicial emergencies. In 2008, the unemployment rate wasn't much higher, at 6.1 percent. In our circuit courts, there were almost as many judicial emergencies. But in the Fourth Circuit things were much worse: Fully one-fourth of the seats were empty, even though there were qualified nominees to fill them. Our Democratic colleagues didn't care then either. In the name of Senate custom and practice--by which I mean the Leahy-Thurmond rule--they pocket-filibustered several outstanding circuit court nominees in committee.  It didn't matter to our Democratic friends that these nominees enjoyed strong home State support, including bipartisan home State support, or that they had outstanding credentials or that they would fill declared emergencies on our circuit courts. The Senate couldn't process them--they told us again and again and again--because it was June and that was--to quote the chairman of the Judiciary Committee--``way past the time'' of the Leahy-Thurmond rule.  Today, it is August, not June, that is upon us. The country's unemploymentrate is, unfortunately, much higher than it was in either 2004 or 2008. It is now at 8.2 percent. But the situation on our circuit courts is much better than it was in either 2004 or 2008. There are now fewer judicial emergencies. In terms of what the Senate can do about it, as opposed to the President's failure to nominate people, we have confirmed--we have confirmed--every nominee whom the President has submitted to fill a judicial emergency on our circuit courts, save one--only one. That is right. The Senate has confirmed every nominee the President has sent to fill an emergency on our circuit courts, save one, and that one nominee isn't on the Senate floor.  In fact, the Senate has already confirmed as many or more circuit court nominees this year than it did in 2004 or 2008. It has confirmed a much higher percentage of circuit court nominations and it has confirmed those nominations faster than during the Bush administration.  On that last point, although we will not hear our Democratic friends acknowledge it, the average time from nomination to confirmation--the average time from nomination to confirmation--of a circuit court nominee for President Obama is over 1 month faster than it was for President Bush in his first term. Again, the time from nomination to confirmation for President Obama is over 1 month faster for a circuit court nominee than in President Bush's first term, and it is over 100 days faster than it was for President Bush's circuit court nominees overall.  So the situation with our economy is worse now than it was in 2004 or 2008, while the situation on our circuit courts is better. The economy is worse, but the situation on circuit courts is better. So what do you think our Democratic colleagues are going to focus on? Are they going to do the basic work of government--fund the government, for example? It doesn't look like it. Are they going to reauthorize important programs for our Nation's defense? I am told it has been 50-some-odd-years since the Defense authorization bill hasn't passed--no sign of it this year. Are they going to work with us to fix the economy or prevent a looming tax hike? I don't see any evidence of it yet.  What they want to do, instead, is violate the custom in Presidential election years that the Congressional Research Service says they have been the biggest proponents of. This is not me saying this, this is the Congressional Research Service. They want to violate the custom in Presidential election years that the CRS says they have been the biggest proponents of.  The CRS does not say the biggest proponent of the Leahy-Thurmond rule is me or Ranking Member Grassley or even Senator Thurmond. Rather, the CRS says the most frequent proponent of the rule ``is the current chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee.''  No doubt we will hear some post hoc, gerrymandered rationale from our Democratic friends as to why the rule the CRS says they have been the biggest proponents of somehow doesn't apply to them. They will ignore the pocket filibusters of people who would have filled judicial emergencies during a Republican administration. But, of course, that is par for the course.  Whether it is pro forma sessions to prevent recess appointments, or judicial filibusters, or the Leahy-Thurmond rule, our friends don't want the practices they have pioneered or been the biggest proponents of to apply to them. They don't want the practices they have been the pioneers of and the biggest proponents of to apply to them. Now it is pretty convenient for them, but that is not the way the Senate is supposed to work.  In sum, on the subject of the Leahy-Thurmond rule, we have been more responsible in deciding to invoke it in this year than our Democratic colleagues were in either 2004 or 2008. I would urge my friends to oppose this double standard and to oppose cloture.  Let me repeat. This is not about the individual who has been nominated. It wasn't, in many respects, about the individuals to be nominated in 2004 or 2008. What this is is a bipartisan timeout--bipartisan in the sense that it has been used by both sides--a timeout within, this year, 6 months of an election; in 2008, it was within 8 months of the end of a term--but within 6 months of an election to these important lifetime jobs to see who the next President may be.  