 President, we have been discussing the plans of the Democratic majority to repudiate its clear commitment to respect the rights of the minority, which is a hallmark of the Senate, and instead to break the rules to change the rules. That is how my friend from Nevada repeatedly described it when Republicans were considering doing something similar several years ago. Of course, Republicans never did break the rules to change the rules, but Democrats are contemplating doing so in the name of ``efficiency.''  Last week I noted how my Democratic colleagues seek to minimize this major change in how the Senate governs itself by calling this heavyhanded power play ``tiny'' and a ``minor change'' and adjusting the Senate rules just ``a little bit.'' But this eleventh-hour rhetoric stands in stark contrast to what they have previously said and what they have systematically done.  My friend the majority leader told one of my new Members, in essence, that even if this new so-called ``tiny'' rules change removed all chance that this new Member would have any recourse to get an amendment to a bill, that new Member could simply ``vote against the bill.'' And my friend told Senator McCain this fall that ``the amendment days are over'' in the Senate. That was the majority leader to Senator McCain earlier this year.  But, of course, it is much more than what has been said that is at issue, it is what the Democratic leadership has systematically done to marginalize the voice of the minority. As I noted, it has used, to an unprecedented extent, Senate rule XIV. This rule allows the majority to bypass committees and write bills behind closed doors--doing so, of course, to deprive all of us, Republicans and Democrats, of the chance to have their committee work matter.  According to the Congressional Research Service, the majority has used this rule to bypass committees nearly 70 times. When Republicans were last in the majority under Senator Frist, we used that rule less than half as often--only 30 times. And when a bill that has bypassed committee goes straight to the floor, under the current majority there often isn't an opportunity to participate there either. Again, according to the Congressional Research Service, the current Democratic leadership has blocked Senators from both sides of the aisle from offering amendments on the floor 68 times--68 times. No amendments at all. This is 70 percent greater than the number of times the six prior majority leaders combined--combined--shut their colleagues out of the amendment process.  Now, the majority leader dismissed this unprecedented practice, saying it ``has no bearing on what is going on around here.'' Well, maybe it doesn't to him, but he is the only one who, under this unprecedented amendment blockage, is picking amendments. It is a little bit bigger deal to the other 99 of us who are shut out from representing our constituents by having our ability to offer any amendments on their behalf blocked.  By the way, that is not how the majority leader viewed this practice when he was in the minority. When Senator Frist, as majority leader, blocked his colleagues from offering amendments a relatively modest 15 times in 4 years--15 times in 4 years--my friend from Nevada said it was ``a bad way to run the Senate'' and a ``very bad practice'' and it ran ``against the basic nature of the Senate.'' That is when Senator Frist did it 15 times over 4 years. This majority leader has done it nearly 70 times in his tenure. What would be a fair way to describe that record?  But the current Democratic leadership hasn't been content to stop there in marginalizing the minority. 