Chairman, we have contained within the Interior appropriations from past years an embedded tax, a tax on the American people which was never authorized by the Committee on Resources or the Committee on Ways and Means, the two committees that would split jurisdiction over taxes or fees, if it is a fee on use of public land.  Let us get one thing clear, the amendment being offered today does not affect user fees for national parks, for developed areas and campsites. But what it would say is that it is outrageous for the government, in a mish-mash, a plethora of programs, forest by forest, to have different reciprocities between forests, and I have one forest where they have two different passes, that they proliferate the new fee programs, forest by forest, charging people $25 a hit or $3 a day to drive to the end of a gravel road in a forest and go for a hike, or view the wildflowers, or go hunting or go rockhunting, rockhounding.  These activities have traditionally been free. These are not activities which are drawing upon a capital-intensive developed site. Yet, with this so-called pilot program, unauthorized program, millions of Americans are now breaking the law. This year the Forest Service is going to begin seriously attempting to cite and prosecute people who park at distant, remote trailheads, trailheads that are often subject to car clouting and other problems. The Forest Service does not seem to be too much concerned about that, but they are going to be out there ticketing them for not having paid a fee.  In many cases, you get to the end of a road, the sign is about 150 feet to the end of the road, and it says, to park here you need a pass, and you can obtain a pass 20 miles back that way at the nearest grocery store or other place which dispenses these passes.  This is an inconvenience. It raises very little money. It is about 6 percent of the recreation budget. Surely this Congress does not need to double tax the American people and those who live on or near or recreate on these lands and charge them this new user fee, this new tax. We can find that other 6 percent to fund the recreation programs of the Forest Service.  Further, we are adding a new slush fund to an agency that the GAO says they have one of the worst financial management and accounting systems, and now we have another new off-budget slush fund which is being used by each forest as they see fit, and as the Assistant Secretary admitted to me last night, with no supervision from Washington, D.C.  So whatever fees they cook up for whatever project they want to do, whatever burden they want to put on the American people, they can do it with no oversight from Washington, D.C. or from the Congress under this unauthorized program.  The committee itself says they are concerned about the management, accountability, and performance of the Forest Service. The accountability problems of the Forest Service are much more of a problem than just bad accounting. Far too much, with little congressional control and knowledge, has been transferred for administrative functions of the department.  This program, this so-called pilot program, goes right to the heart of those concerns. The committee was talking about a different program at that point, C.V. fund, but guess what, they have just now created another one that is proliferating around the country, around the country, and putting an extraordinary burden on people.  Take, say, the city of Oak Ridge, Oregon, in my district, totally surrounded by the Forest Service. If you just want to drive out of town and park on a gravel road and go hunting or go for a hike, you have to pay a user fee. For what? To use the gravel road which was built 25 years ago for logging, and is not maintained anymore? Or for beating through the brush? Why? Why should people pay for undeveloped sites on access to public lands? This has been a right that Americans have enjoyed for so many years, and it is very unfair to begin to assess a fee of $3 per hike or $25 per pass per forest, with very little reciprocity.  On one forest in Oregon, the Deschutes, visitors to the Lavaland Visitors Center dropped off 40-percent in one year when this pilot project was put into effect. As was stated in an interview, the people at the visitors center said the people drive up, look at the sign, they turn around, they drive away; a 40-percent dropoff. Why? So they can buy a few more little gee-gaws for that visitors center, or make some other change on the forest?  We should not be depriving Americans and their families of this opportunity. It is unfair. It is unauthorized. It should be stopped.  