Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding.  I think the American people are often puzzled in listening to our debates, and let us just try to distill this down a bit. What do most families consider to be an emergency? Now, in my case, I have a little bit of money set aside, like other people do, for emergencies. Now, my property tax bill, which I know is going to come on November 15 of every year, is not an emergency. My bills for my insurance, my homeowners insurance, my mortgage, which comes on a monthly basis, these obviously are not emergencies. I think all Americans would agree we would not consider these sorts of anticipated expenditures, whether they are annual, monthly or biannual, in the case of my insurance, as emergencies.  But somehow, strangely enough, the Republican majority has decided that things that are eminently predictable, such as the census of the United States, something required since the founding of our Nation in the Constitution to be conducted once every 10 years, next year is the year 2000, everybody has known since they wrote the Constitution that if the Republic stood, we would conduct a census in the year 2000; but they have declared those funds to be an emergency.  Now, that is probably puzzling to a majority of the American people. Why would they do that? Why would they declare something like the census or expenditures in the Department of Defense as emergencies, when their annual operating costs, in the case of the Department of Defense, are a required expenditure once every 10 years by the Federal Government? Because they do not count. It is money that because of the Budget Act does not count.  Well, it has to come from somewhere. These emergency funds have to come from somewhere. Guess what? They come out of American taxpayers' wallets that are paid in taxes and go to the Federal Treasury. Now, in this case, the money is, in fact, going to come out of, since they have already spent the general fund surplus, the Social Security surplus. It is just a fact.  They have already, in their wild spending spree here, like the aircraft carrier that the majority leader of the Senate wants and that the Pentagon does not want, they have already exceeded the budget. They have exceeded it. They have spent all the available money and the projected general fund surplus. So where is this emergency money coming from? The emergency money can only come from one place, either thin air, I suppose they could call downtown to Alan Greenspan and ask him to print up some million dollar bills, or it comes from Social Security. The Social Security surplus.  They have already spent it. They have spent it in spades. And they are spending again and again. As these bills come to the floor, more and more things are declared emergencies.  Let us talk about one other way they are spending it. There is this other kind of funny money out there. What is two plus two? Well, everybody knows. The gentleman can answer.  