Chairman, if you are for States rights, you will support this amendment. But even if you are not for States rights and you are not supportive of what Oregon has done, twice, the people of Oregon by initiative, if you do not want the Drug Enforcement Administration second guessing the intent of every physician providing end-of-life pain care to every American and chilling and destroying that relationship and the capability of people to get relief from pain, you will support this amendment.  The other side is trying to scare people with all sorts of inaccurate statements. Taking someone else's life? The person has to be competent, judged by two doctors, a psychiatrist, and they can only do it by their own hand with a prescription. ``Hangman,'' we heard from the chairman of the committee. ``Euthanasia,'' we heard. Incredibly irresponsible statements by the other side, denigrating the people of Oregon, the 60 percent who supported this, and the people who are suffering horribly at the end of life.  And, finally, the hypocrisy. The chairman of the committee proposed in the last Congress a bill, H.R. 1252, and what he said there is no single Federal judge should be able to overturn a state law adopted by referendum, and that they cannot grant any relief or anticipatory relief on the ground the a state law is repugnant of the Constitution, which they do not say here. It is repugnant to them and their moral structure. Treatises or laws of the United States, unless the application for anticipatory relief is heard and determined by a court of three judges. So he feels so strongly about state referenda that he wants to say a single Federal judge cannot find a violation of the Constitution.  But, in this case, he feels so little about the will of the people of a state and for States rights and for individuals suffering horribly, horribly, at the end of life, that he would overturn it here in a curtailed debate in the House of Representatives, where we get 5 minutes on our side, where the proponents were given three-quarters of the time during the debate. It is a stacked deck. It is not fair.  If you want to preempt the Oregon law, do it straight and honest and straight up and preempt the Oregon law on the floor, and see what the Supreme Court says about that.  