Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the underlying amendment, the Gejdenson amendment limiting the U.S. share of the operation 15 percent, and in opposition to the second degree amendment.  I was a bit puzzled by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sam Johnson), who preceded me in the well, who stated that we were voting on an agreement that was not yet complete and, therefore, we should vote against it. I share part of that concern. I wish that the leaders of the House had held this debate until the agreement was complete. I talked to the White House today. They assured me that if an agreement is reached, and I believe if we vote in opposition to this resolution an agreement will not be reached, that there would be a minimum, absolute minimum, of 3 days before U.S. troop deployment could begin. That would give the House more than ample time. We could stay here this weekend and conduct the Nation's business with the full facts of the peace agreement before us instead of having to vote in the context of are we undermining the peace agreement that might happen or are we not, which is what we are doing right now in this debate.  There is no one in this House whose been a stronger proponent for more than a decade of the restoration of the rightful powers of the Congress when it comes to war powers. As my colleagues know, there are a few who have been more critical of the lack of participation of our wealthy NATO allies in many things, including their own defense during the years of threat by the Soviet Union. But that said, the timing of the resolution before us and the debate are very troubling. As my colleagues know, we should not be having a debate on authorizing the use of U.S. troops under not yet totally clear conditions while the negotiations are ongoing.  Mr. Chairman, I really fear that a no vote here by the House of Representatives tonight will embolden Mr. Milosevic and his genocidal henchmen and keep them from signing an agreement. Some say we are bullying him. Well, someone has got to stand up to the bullies in this world, and perhaps it is time that the United States did.  On the other hand, a yes vote is problematic in that we do not have the final agreement before us. The gentleman spoke the truth. What should happen is we should stay in town. If an agreement is signed on Saturday, we can meet on Saturday, we can meet on Sunday, we can meet on Monday, and then we can consider a proper authorization which could have conditions on length, duration, size of the deployment, scope of deployment, objectives and all those things in it for an up or down vote.  That would be the proper way to proceed in this matter.  