Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New York for the generous grant of time to discuss this important amendment.  I come to the debate equipped with two reference sources, the first being Webster's Collegiate Dictionary. ``Emergency: an unforeseen combination of circumstances or the resulting state that calls for immediate action.''  Now, it is plausible to believe that we cannot anticipate everything in the budget and that emergencies do happen beyond our control, and we should figure out a way of dealing with them.  The question is, is the census, is the dicentennial enumeration of the people of the United States an unanticipated emergency that could not be foreseen? Well, Thomas Jefferson 210 years ago could have told Congress that in the year 2000 they were going to need money for the census because it was required that it be done every 10 years as long as the Nation should stand, and the Nation still stands.  So this is by no means an emergency in terms of unanticipated budget needs. Budget gimmicks were not quite enough. The rosy scenario, assuming that things would continue as well as they had for the last 10 years, for the next 10, that was not quite enough.  The quiet proposal and winking and nodding about real cuts of 30 percent in all domestic spending, even that was not quite enough to get to the point where we could have tax cuts and not declare emergencies to make room for the tax cuts. That is what this is all about.  Social Security is going to be hit and hit and hit and hit again with so-called emergency spending which does not count. We are taking the money. We are spending it. We are replacing it with IOUs in the Social Security Trust Fund. We are ripping the lock off the lockbox, but it does not count.  Do not pay any attention. Look the other way. It is not an emergency. This is not an emergency. This is spending the Social Security trust funds for the census, something that could have been anticipated.  We should support the gentleman's amendment. Get honest about this budget.  