Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I respect the comments of the gentleman who preceded me in the well, but I would like to make a rejoinder on behalf of the States and on behalf of this program which provides vital services for low-income Americans to meet their heating and cooling needs in the different parts of the country.  One point I would make first would be it is fine to say many States are running a surplus, but are they running a surplus because they have met all their needs and obligations or are they running a surplus because of cuts in programs that serve many of these same people? That is one point.  The second point is, have we done away with all of the unfunded mandates? There are so many things that the Federal Government requires of our States which do not have Federal dollars attached, and now we are going to impose essentially here a new mandate by saying if they want to participate in this program they have to put up 25 percent of the money. That, I think, is very problematic.  It is particularly problematic logistically for many States. My State legislature is about to adjourn, having completed the budget. They do not know about this. They have not anticipated it. So I guess next winter, unless we have an emergency session of the legislature to come up with more money in order to meet this match, Oregonians will not get this low-income weatherization assistance.  States are also, of course, by law, most States are required to have balanced budgets. They have had balanced budgets for decades. That is why, in fact, I was a very early person on this side to support a balanced budget amendment for the United States. And we are headed towards a balanced budget, supposedly a theoretical surplus here. So what are we doing? Why are we gouging the States now? Why are we hitting at the little people and the low-income weatherization? This is something that is going to cause a lot of disruptions in the next year. Yes, some States could probably accommodate it. Many will not be able to logistically. Many may not be able to financially.  I really believe that this is an ill-intentioned amendment. It has not come from the authorizing committee. It is being proposed by the Committee on Appropriations. And if this is meritorious, it should go back to the Committee on Commerce and they should have a discussion in making changes in the authorization for this program.  