Speaker, I have talked to a lot of people in Oregon and different places and I just remember one young man, I pulled into the gas station late one night after I flew back across the country, as I do almost every week, and he was kind of almost apologetic about it; he recognized me, and he said, I got to tell you, Congressman, I am not doing too good, I am not making it. And Oregon has the highest minimum wage in the United States, and guess what, our economy is booming, all the companies have not fled the State as we heard they would with the highest minimum wage in the country.  But he said I have two jobs, my wife has a job, and he said, we are really not making it. We want to have a kid. We are not really sure we can afford to have a kid, because, he said, I have two minimum wage jobs at the Oregon minimum wage, the highest minimum wage in the United States; my wife has a minimum wage job, but after we pay the rent and the car payment and the other stuff, he said, there is not much left over. That is the unfortunate reality for many Americans.  There have been a lot of jobs created, but compare the salaries and wages and benefits of those jobs. The largest employer in the United States of America now is not General Motors, it is not even Microsoft; it is something called Manpower, Inc., which is a temporary employment firm, with no benefits and, obviously, very little security and not the greatest wages in the world for most of the people they place. That is the largest employer in America. There is something wrong with that picture.  It goes to trade policy, it goes to tax policy; it goes back to who funds the elections in this country. I mean there are a whole host of things contributing to this. It is very complex. It also goes to the Federal Reserve Board, who are a bunch of bankers who meet downtown at the largest, heaviest, most expensive marble and exotic hardwood table in the world, in secret, by the way, to determine monetary policy for the United States of America. And now, they are obsessed. They are obsessed. It is now, will a one-rate increase satisfy the Fed? What are they worried about? Another cartoon, I saw it. There are all these old guys, pretty much older guys, bankers and stuff, standing around behind Frankenstein, who is tied town, and Frankenstein's label is inflation, and one of them says, his eye lid twitched, his little toe moved, I think he is starting to breath.  They are worried about inflation that does not exist; the lowest real rate of inflation in the last 50 years in the United States. Highest real interest rates, though, if we borrow money, and guess what? If there was a little bit more inflation, debtors, which is most of the people in America, the ones certainly I care the most about; everybody has a credit card, a mortgage, a home loan, a car loan, if inflation ticked up a half percent or 1 percent, guess what, you come out a little bit ahead, but your banker, your banker loses a little bit on the margin.  So the obsession is we have to worry that wages might go up. The Fed is petrified, petrified that wages might go up. We have a law that says we are supposed to work to our full employment and keep down inflation. They do not look at the full employment side, and they particularly look negatively upon the idea of a real increase in wages. They do not want that to happen. And they are willing to drive up interest rates, which raises the credit card of virtually every American who has credit card debt, makes car loans more expensive, makes housing loans more expensive, because they are worried that the profits of the banks, that some of them who actually sit there and make policy in secret work for, might go down a little bit.  There is a very strange system we are running here. What happened to the policymakers? What happened to the Congress? What happened to the President? Why can we not make monetary policy to drive up wages in this country, to create full employment? Why are those things anathema. Something is very wrong. Why can they make policy in secret? How can they do this?  