This is very important legislation before this body, and we are hearing from Members coast to coast on what this means to people in their home States and their counties, particularly to smaller rural school districts and rural counties where there is little other economic opportunity and where the county property tax bases are not sufficient.  In my district it is doubly important. We have not only Forest Service lands, we have something called the O and C lands. More than half of my district is owned by the United States Government. And with the changes that have come about in forest management in the last few years, the revenues to those counties have dropped off dramatically, or would have dropped off dramatically, had we not gotten a guarantee in 1993 when the Clinton forest plan was put into place. That plan expires in the year 2003, and each year under that plan we get fewer revenues.  If this legislation passes today and becomes law, those revenues will immediately increase, and that will mean more funding for schools, that will mean more funding for rural law enforcement, that will mean some additional funds to meet unmet road maintenance and repair needs across southwest Oregon. Those are important programs.  This is legislation that has tremendous merit. As I mentioned earlier, for my colleagues who do not have these sorts of Federal lands, if they can think of it in the way we have dealt with base closings in this Congress; that when Federal bases are closed, payments are made into those communities for the conversion of their economies; and often, again, those bases revert to those local communities.  Again, I am not, nor would I ever suggest, and I will adamantly oppose, any return of these lands to the States or local governments. I believe they are best managed in the Federal interest. But there is no option to raise revenues off of these lands. And some of the things that were mentioned earlier, in terms of recreation and all that, yes, in fact, the recreation can possibly be enhanced by some of these local projects, investments can be made. I have a bicycle path created between two formerly timber-dependent communities in the southern part of my district. It is beginning to attract additional tourism and economic development to that area. But much, much more can be done.  The payments that were to be made for the transition under the President's forest plan were not adequate for many of these rural economies. Our rate of unemployment in Oregon is one of the highest in the United States. And in rural Oregon it is among the highest in the United States. We need a little bit more help, and this bill will provide that additional help.  So I would recommend this bill to my colleagues, not just because it benefits the people of Oregon but because itbenefits hundreds of counties all across America and from a wide breadth of folks on both sides of the aisle, whose voices I think we are hearing asking for their colleagues' support.  