Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman who preceded me in the well may well be a good physician, but he is not an attorney.  The Department of Justice says, ``By denying authorization under the Controlled Substances Act, H.R. 2260 would make it a Federal crime for a physician to dispense a controlled substance to aid a suicide. However, a physician who prescribes the controlled substances most commonly used to aid a suicide would, because he or she necessarily intends death to result, or may have intended death to result, or should have known that death should have resulted, would face a 20-year mandatory minimum sentence in Federal prison.''  That is what we are talking about here, the Drug Enforcement Administration second-guessing the intention after the fact of every physician in America.  Let us use a real-life example. This is a pain medication. If this were a barbiturate for end-of-life care and it was prescribed by my physician aggressively that I was to take one every 2 hours to relieve my excruciating pain, say from bone cancer, that would be legal.  Now, if this prescription, a pain relief prescription, was prescribed by my doctor for aggressive pain relief management, one to be taken every 2 hours, and I took this entire vial all at once and died, the question would be what was my physician's intent in giving me this prescription? Was it that I would really take one every 2 hours, or did my physician know or should my physician have known that I might choose to take all of them at once?  What this means ultimately, the absurdity of this, is any physician who does not want to risk being investigated by the Drug Enforcement Administration, and nobody wants that, is going to have to say they can have one pill every 2 hours, send their wife or kids down to the 24-hour pharmacy to pick them up for them, because he gives them more than one and they take them all at once and they die, the Drug Enforcement Administration is going to question his intent.  That is the cover of law that is being ripped away by this well-sounding, theoretically well-meaning legislation.  In their zeal to overturn the Oregon law, which is not euthanasia, which does not allow a doctor to give an injection, which does not allow a doctor to administer a prescription, which allows individuals who are terminally ill who have a diagnosis they will die within 6 months, after consulting with two physicians, after consulting with a psychiatrist to go to their physician and ask for a prescription which they can only self-administer.  This is not euthanasia, and it has been very, very infrequently used in our State. In fact, probably fewer people have shot themselves or otherwise killed themselves under fear of the pain they were going to undergo because of the Oregon law.  But these people on this side of the aisle who are for States' rights every day of the week when a State says something they agree with are suddenly today standing up and saying, well, we are for States' rights as long as we agree with the State.  Preempt the will of the Oregon people. It is not the State of Oregon, it is the people of the State of Oregon twice by initiative and referendum who have passed this law.  