Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time, and I rise strongly in support of her substitute.  Mr. Chairman, violence against women and, even more horribly, violence against pregnant women deserves the attention of both Federal and State law enforcement authorities. Perpetrators should be dealt with swiftly and harshly. But I do not really believe, unless my colleagues support this amendment, that that is the issue before the House of Representatives today.  There are a number of highly respected organizations nationally in my own State, and locally in some of my communities, who are concerned with violence against women and violence against women who are pregnant, violence against women and their children, violence within the families, yet, they are notably absent in their support or even having been consulted by the authors of this legislation.  There are other groups in this country who are principally concerned, obsessively concerned with overturning the decision Roe versus Wade, a woman's right to choice. They are prominently involved in the drafting of the underlying legislation and in the endorsement of that and in the opposition to this amendment.  This amendment, if my colleagues are concerned about violence against women, violence against pregnant women, violence against pregnant women that harms the fetus, then there is no reason to oppose this amendment.  It would say we are going to have harsh Federal penalties for the few cases that are brought in Federal court. Remember, few of these are brought in Federal court. But if they are, if they rise to that level, harsh penalties just for the violence against women. If it causes any harm to the fetus, 20 years in Federal prison. No parole. If it causes the death of the fetus, it could lead to a life sentence without parole in Federal prison.  Now, those are pretty darn harsh penalties. How can you oppose that? Unless the reason my colleagues are really here is a back-door attempt to repeal Roe versus Wade.  Let us just be honest about it. Bring a constitutional amendment to the floor to repeal Roe versus Wade. Theonly problem with them doing that that honestly is that they know a majority of the American people do not support that.  So, instead, under the guise of something that it is very difficult for anybody to oppose on the floor of the House, they are bringing forward this high-sounding argument that, well, there are these technical legal concerns about whether or not these people who could cause the death of a fetus will be adequately punished. Under this amendment, they will be dealt with harshly. Support the Lofgren amendment.  