Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this important legislation. It is long past time to right a wrong done 70 years ago. I am particularly pleased that we in this Congress can act to do that.  I have a longer statement which I would like entered in the Record, and I would just reflect in closing that it is always a good day when we can act to undo the wrongs done by a Republican President.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. While Congress generally should be very cautious when amending the 1971 Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to change land allocations, in the case of Elim Native Corporation there are unique circumstances and special equities which justify this legislation.  Without the knowledge or consent of the Eskimo village of Elim, President Hoover deleted 50,000 acres from the Norton Bay Reservation in 1929. Although the 1971 Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act provided for the conveyance of 300,000 acres to Elim Native Corporation, reflecting the boundaries of the Norton Bay Reservation as it existed at that time, the residents of Elim have long been seeking to have the deleted lands restored.  While the Department of the Interior has maintained that Elim does not have a legal entitlement to the additional 50,000 acres, it is my understanding that they, along with the State of Alaska, are now prepared to support this legislation as a matter of equity.  And there does appear to be substantial equities in this case. According to Don Mitchell, a historian and former counsel to the Alaska Federation of Natives, the deletion of 50,000 acres from the Norton Bay Reservation is ``one of the most grievous cases of social and economic injustice'' in Alaska history.  Because the original reservation lands are no longer available for selection, the bill provides for an alternative conveyance of 50,000 acres which are adjacent to the corporation's existing lands. As amended, the bill incorporates language which has been negotiated with the Department of the Interior and includes important conservation safeguards such as easements for public access, restrictions on commercial timber harvest, and non-development buffers on river corridors.  Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss without recognizing the crucial role of RepresentativeDon Young in developing this legislation. The villagers of Elim have a strong champion as the Chairman of the Committee on Resources and without his dedication to their cause we would not be here on the House floor today.  I urge that my colleagues support the bill.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  