Speaker, there are some policy issues at stake here. We talked about trade and we will not go back to that, but we could have a trade policy that helped in those areas. But the other issue is tax policy.  The majority party here in the House very much wants to give a tax break to the American people, and the question becomes first off, are they going to give that tax break out of the Social Security surplus; that is a question and a problem; or, are they going to give a tax break by cutting programs like Pell grants and other things the gentleman talked about. But maybe it can be justified, but we can only justify it if we look and see where those tax benefits are going to flow. There are ways that we can provide substantial tax relief to the majority of the American people, but I fear, as in the last several tax bills since I have been here, the wealth and what they are talking about, the people at the top are going to do very well, and those average people are not.  They want to reduce the capital gains tax again. Now, this is not quite clear to me, but let me see if I totally understand this. If I invest for a living, my effective tax rate is just slightly more than half of a retail check-out, unionized check-out clerk or a teacher, is that correct? A teacher is paying at 28 percent on the margin and if I do capital gains, I do not have them, so I do not know, but I think it is 18 or 19 percent, as I recall.  So what are we saying to the American people? Is this like the Leona Helmsley theory of taxation, only the little people pay taxes? I mean they are talking about a world in which they would do away with the inheritance tax, and let us say we were lucky enough to be Bill Gates' kids. But he says he is going to give most of the money away and not to his kids. So maybe he only gives his kid $1 billion. So his kid only gets $1 billion. The rest, the other $89 billion goes to charity. That would be nice. But then the kid goes to college and vests that $1 billion and becomes an investor for a living. Does not work for wages.  Guess what? That person would not pay any inheritance taxes under the brave new world of tax reform they are talking about, and would pay no income taxes, because they would exempt capital gains from income taxes. So the guy selling the burgers down on the corner, well, they are paying FICA tax, Social Security, they are paying income tax; they are subject to all of these taxes, but the person who inherited and invests for a living does not.  What is wrong with this picture? If they want to talk about leveling the playing field, why should it be that people who invest for a living pay a lower rate of taxes than people who earn through blood, sweat and tears and time away from their home and their families, wages? Let us equalize the two. Why would we not do that? What is wrong with that idea? Would that not help most people?  