Speaker, if the gentleman will continue to yield, better to prudently plan on funds that are funds that do not yet exist, and that is saying, okay, if they do show up, we will save them, then to say, no, let us commit to spend them today to help out the wealthiest and the most powerful, mainly their campaign contributors, and not leave any for contingencies or for Social Security should it ever crop up.  I do not believe those numbers. I do not believe the White House or the Republican majority on those numbers. I do not believe we are going to run a trillion-dollar surplus. And it would be more prudent to wait until we have got a trillion dollars in the bank and then figure out how to spend it, whether we want to give it to the wealthy in tax cuts, if they get enough votes for that, then they win, or they want to invest it in our kids in an education and other needed programs, then we win.  But the point is, until that money exists, do not spend it because there is only one place it can come from if it does not crop up fortuitously in the future and that is out of the Social Security Trust Fund. They were committing and spending those funds just as they have for emergencies, just as they have for directed spending, just as they have for an unneeded aircraft carrier and other boondoggles in this year's budget.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is just so amazing. I think we have a Republican majority that has found themselves at this juncture truly unable to get its work done. They cannot get their work done. They are in charge. They cannot get it done.  So what do they do? They try to cover their tracks, look at budget gimmicks, directed spending, directed scoring, whatever they want to deal with, whatever they want to call it. And they think if they say something often enough and over and over again that a fallacious statement, even if they say it over and over again, does not make it true. And they want to hide the fact that in fact they have dipped into Social Security.  We should not be cowed by their argument or their comments. We should just continue as point of fact to go after it every single day to talk about what it is that they are doing.  It is a pattern. It is a pattern. The patients' bill of rights they do not want to pass. Campaign finance reform they do not want to pass. They do not want to extend and strengthen and protect the life of Social Security. What they do want to do is have a $792-billion tax cut. That is the heart and soul and the center of the agenda.  And even though we have all these issues in this body, which, in fact, a number of rank-and-file Democrats and Republicans have supported, they will not let them see the light of day because that is not what the agenda is all about.  I am proud to stand with an agenda that says let us strengthen and protect Social Security in the future, let us provide people with a patients' bill of rights so that they can get good quality health care in this country, let us do something about campaign finance reform so we do not have the special interest influence in this effort.  In fact, I would say that some of my own party would not agree with it, but there are people on both sides of the aisle, let us see good, solid gun safety legislation in this country. These are issues the American public care about. And our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, really, that is not what they are about.  