You go just north of the border to Canada and, in fact, because the government is exacting some controls and scrutiny on the pharmaceutical industry, the drugs cost between 20 and 40 percent less, sometimes even more. It is extraordinary. These are life-saving drugs that Americans need. I have talked to seniors who say, ``Congressman, I've got to choose between paying my light bill and my heat, eating, the mortgage, and my drugs for my high blood pressure, or my cholesterol, or my heart condition,'' or whatever ails them. They say, ``You know what goes.'' I say, ``I know what goes, the prescription.'' Some of them are taking prescriptions and they will buy half the prescription and they will take drugs at half the dose, because they cannot afford a full dose of the drugs. The funny thing is that these same drugs, even in America, are sold for less. Now, that is getting really peculiar. You can understand there is some government scrutiny overseas and the governments there are not allowing the pharmaceutical companies to rob people blind, but here in America you find in my district, in Oregon, we just did a drug study. Let us take one drug, called Zocor, which is made by Merck, it is used for high cholesterol, quite commonly by seniors, and for favored customers, that is, for companies that will promise to only buy that drug, as there are competing drugs, from Merck, some insurance industries, HMO plans and others who will make their insureds buy that particular drug no matter what the doctor wants to give them, that will be the formulary, it is $34.80 a dose. Now, if a senior walks in with Medicare which does not cover prescription drugs today, the price in my district is $106.12. That is interesting. We know Merck is not giving it away at $34.80. They are making money to their best customers. But somehow the poor little old senior who walks in, who does not have one of those plans, is paying $106.12, 205 percent more. That is a scandal. That needs to change. But it is not going to change in this body because, as the gentleman from Vermont pointed out, that industry is a very generous contributor to campaigns, not mine, but to other Members. And the executives of that industry are very generous givers to campaigns, and they have got the ear of many powerful Members of Congress. Here is something that cries out for regulation. Here is something that is being done in other democracies and republics around the world, but not in the United States of America. It is outrageous.  