Speaker, if the gentleman will yield.  Further on the tax cut. Now, just like the emergency spending, where would the money for the $792-billion tax cut come from? Now, if indeed we were running huge and growing general fund surpluses, it would come potentially out of that. But, in fact, because of the numbers that were used to project this not yet realized, contingent, possible, sometime future, maybe surplus, they wanted to lock in $792 billion of tax cuts today heavily weighted towards the largest corporations and the most wealthy Americans, those families earning over $300,000 a year; and if everything did not come out in the rosy scenario, record growth, record low inflation, we have already exceeded those estimates and growth is already dropping off the charts, in huge and growing surpluses, it would have come out of Social Security, out of the Social Security surplus.  So lock in a tax cut today. The same party, of course, who has the majority leader who has said for 2 decades he does not believe in Social Security, and maybe they can kill Social Security tomorrow. Because, well, we do not have enough money to meet the obligations of Social Security because, well, gee, we gave it back to the most wealthy people in America and to the largest corporations.  No. The bottom line is that was the most irresponsible proposal. $792 billion of tax cuts, most probably coming out of the Social Security Trust Fund, and now that same party, the one that did not vote for the original Social Security Act, has proposed to privatize Social Security, has a majority leader who says he does not believe in it, did not vote for Medicare, and now wants the American people to believe that they have had sort of a death-bed conversion or whatever we would call it here, that now, suddenly after this history for 60 years and a proposal a month ago to cut a surplus that does not exist by $792 billion jeopardizing Social Security, suddenly now they are the great defenders of Social Security.  I do not think the American people are going to buy it. I hope they spend all of their campaign funds on those stupid ads. Because I do not think they have any credibility with the American people, that the people who have consistently attacked Social Security now are its greatest saviors. I beg them to run those same ads in my district. I ask them to run those ads in my district.  