 Mr. Speaker, I want to state at the beginning that I deeply appreciate my cosponsor of this legislation, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters). This is a Sensenbrenner-Waters bill. You will never see another Sensenbrenner-Waters bill, and that is probably one of the best reasons to vote in favor of it.  Yet, on the merits, I am pleased that the House of Representatives today is considering H.R. 1433, the Private Property Rights Protection Act. This legislation will prevent economic development from being used as a justification for exercising the power of eminent domain.  I first introduced a version of this bill after the 2005 Supreme Court's ruling in Kelo v. City of New London. In this decision, the Court held 5 4 that ``economic development'' can be a ``public use'' under the Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause, justifying the government's taking of private property and giving it to a private business for use in the interest of creating a more lucrative tax base. As a result of this ruling, the Federal Government's power of eminent domain has become almost limitless, providing citizens with few means to protect their property.  Under the decision, farmers in my State of Wisconsin are particularly vulnerable. The fair market value of farmland is less than that of residential or commercial property, which means it doesn't generate as much property tax as homes or offices. Uncle Sam can condemn one family's house only because another private entity would pay more in tax revenue.  This bill is needed to restore to all Americans the property rights the Supreme Court took away. Although several States have independently passed legislation to limit their power of eminent domain and even though the Supreme Courts of Illinois, Michigan, andOhio have barred the practice under their State constitutions, these laws exist on a varying degree.  The Private Property Rights Protection Act will provide American citizens in every State of this country with the means to protect their private property from exceedingly unsubstantiated claims of eminent domain. Under the legislation, if a State or a political subdivision of a State uses its eminent domain power to transfer private property to other private parties for economic development, the State is ineligible to receive Federal economic development funds for 2 fiscal years following a judicial determination that the law has been violated. Additionally, the bill prohibits the Federal Government from using eminent domain for economic development purposes.  The protection of property rights is one of the most important tenets of our government. I am mindful of the long history of eminent domain abuses, particularly in low-income and often predominantly minority neighborhoods, and of the need to stop it. I am also mindful of the reasons we should allow the government to take land when the way in which the land is being used constitutes an immediate threat to public health and safety. This bill accomplishes both of those goals.  The need to ensure that property rights are returned to all Americans is as strong now as it was when Kelo was decided. Congress must play a pivotal role in reforming the use and abuse of eminent domain. I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting property rights for all Americans and in limiting the dangerous effects of the Kelo decision on the most vulnerable in society.  