Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, energy efficiency can provide benefits for consumers, for job-creating businesses, for energy security, and for the environment, but we have got to make sure that it is done right; and that is why I support S. 2030, Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act, which was sponsored by my good friend from North Carolina, Richard Hudson, and certainly has strong bipartisan cosponsorship, including Mr. Carter, Mr. Rush, Mr. Peters, and Mr. Butterfield.  Mr. Speaker, I would urge all of my colleagues to support this bill.  As most of you know, ceiling fans often come with lights attached, thus, they serve two purposes for consumers. The Department of Energy regulates the energy efficiency of both the ceiling fans and the ceiling fan lights, and stringent new standards are scheduled to take effect in the next 2 years; but for some reason, DOE set the deadline for the ceiling fan light kits in 2019, while the ceiling fan standard deadline is in 2020.  This bill, S. 2030, would take the logical step of aligning the compliance deadlines for ceiling fans and ceiling fan light kits so that they both occur in 2020. This should ease the compliance burden for some manufacturers, make things easier for retailers, and may help lower the costs, in fact, for all consumers.  Although ceiling fan regulations may not be a front-burner issue, we ought to make sure that we take every opportunity to streamline Federal regs and help keep compliance costs down. That is why I would urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this, what I would consider, noncontroversial bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. McNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2030, the Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act.  Mr. Speaker, I agree with the chairman on this issue. It is bipartisan, and we are going to go ahead and do this law right.  Now, S. 2030 is essentially identical to H.R. 3477, legislation introduced by my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. Hudson and Mr. Butterfield. The purpose of the legislation is to align the current 2019 compliance deadline for ceiling fan light kit standards with a separate standard for ceiling fans set for 2020.  S. 2030 essentially extends the compliance deadline for the rule amending the standards for ceiling fan light kits by just over 1 year to January 21, 2020, so they can both occur at the same time.  The Energy Policy and Conservation Act, as amended by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, required the Department of Energy to put in place efficiency standards for ceiling light kits. The DOE has determined that increasing efficiency standards for ceiling fan light kits would conserve energy more, while being economically feasible. The DOE finally put forth the standard that, as stated previously, would take effect in January of next year. However, because the DOE did not meet the statutory deadline for promulgating a ceiling fan lighting kit standard, certain backstop requirements have been triggered that would be vitiated by the new regulations.  Some have raised questions as to whether the enactment of this legislation would result in an extension of portions of these backstop requirements. I think it is important for manufacturers that we respond to this question, and it is my intent, later on in this debate, to enter into a colloquy with the chairman in order to provide direction to the DOE and make clear Congress' intent with regard to this matter.  New standards for these kits will save money and reduce carbon emissions, and I believe the sooner they are in place, the better for consumers and for our environment.  Having said that, the bill is not opposed by any environmental, community, or consumer groups. Perhaps this is because it is sensible legislation that will greatly help retailers by eliminating unnecessary burdens for sellers of the products, while only minimally delaying new standards.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to have a brief colloquy with Mr. Upton, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy.  As I understand the purpose of S. 2030, it is to delay the January 7, 2019, compliance deadline for the latest ceiling fan light kit efficiency standard so as to align it with the January 21, 2020, compliance deadline for ceiling fans overall. Thus the efficiency standards for ceiling fans and for ceiling fan lights will go into force at the same time on January 21, 2020. Is that correct?  