Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds.  Mr. Speaker, I might say the previous speaker, my friend, asked about what the original stakeholders had in mind before these regs were written.  I was one of those. This was my bill. This was a bipartisan bill offered by Jim Matheson and Fred Upton a lot of years ago. It was never our intent to put people behind bars for having some misinformation based on the number of olives or pickles or Dijon or mayonnaise. It is just wrong. It was not our intent to do what the FDA has now done.  Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. McMorris Rodgers), the author of this bill and a member of our committee, where it passed 39-14.  Mrs. McMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today with legislation to address one of the most burdensome rules in the Obama administration.  When the FDA announced its final rule implementing a national menu labeling standard in 2014, the intent was twofold: deliver customers increased access to nutrition information and establish a uniform, single national standard.  However, in trying to establish this uniform standard, the FDA's 400-page rule attempts a one-size-fits-all approach to an industry as diverse as its ingredients.  Under the current rule, every deli and salad bar offering, every possible pizza topping combination will have to be calculated and their calorie count displayed on physical menus.  Last week, I was home in Spokane and visited My Fresh Basket. This newly opened grocery store is also a great place to eat lunch, with fresh, local options and made-to-order food. This rule would mean new physical signage every time this locally owned grocer changes the options they offer, which is just about every day.  This bill is not about the merits of calorie counts. This bill does not remove the requirement of calorie counts on menus. This bill certainly does not make it more difficult for customers to receive nutritional information.  This bill, at its very core, is about flexibility for businesses to meet the requirements of the rule and present this calorie information in a way that makes sense for them and their customers.  The one-size-fits-all approach proposed by the FDA is problematic for two reasons. First, the made-to-order portion of the food industry offers endless, constantly changing combinations of ingredients. For some sandwich shops and pizzerias, the possible variations are in the tens of millions.  The FDA wants these restaurants to put on paper all of these variations and their calorie counts and have it publicly displayed in the restaurant. It is unrealistic and it is not a good use of the businessowner's time.  Second, digital and online ordering is customers' preferred method for ordering. Nearly 90 percent of orders in some restaurants are placed without an individual ever stepping foot into the restaurant.  So tell me, how does it make sense to force a restaurant to have a physical menu with calorie listings when 90 percent of your customers aren't going to see it? How does it make sense to force a customer to navigate millions of combinations to find the nutrition information that matches their order?  This legislation provides flexibility in how restaurants provide the nutritional information. It makes it easier for customers to actually see and understand the information because it is displayed where customers actually place orders, including by phone, online, or through mobile apps.  By bringing this rule into the 21st century, customers can trust that they are getting reliable information in a way that is easy to access and is customer-friendly.  I also want to take this opportunity to clarify that this bill does not change the preemption provision in the underlying statute. This ensures that no State or political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish or enforce any requirement for nutrition labeling of food that is not identical to the requirement laid out in the final regulations.  While some States may disagree, I am committed now and moving forward to ensuring that we have one unified menu labeling requirement.  Before I close, I want to thank all my colleagues and the stakeholders for their hard work on this bipartisan legislation. This has been a team effort over a number of years now, and I appreciate their support.  Finally, I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important amendment and to ultimately vote ``yes'' for the bipartisan Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act.  