Speaker, H.R. 6140, the ``Advanced Nuclear Fuel Availability Act,'' is a bipartisan bill sponsored by my Energy and Commerce colleagues, Bill Flores of Texas, along with Jerry McNerney of California.  We considered this bill through regular order in Committee and the Full Committee reported the bill favorably, as amended, by a voice vote.  Imagine designing a new car that is safer, less expensive, and gets triple the mileage than anything we see on the road today. But when the vehicle is ready to hit the road, there is no gas to fill up the tank.  Nuclear innovators face a similar--and very critical--challenge as they work to bring several promising advanced nuclear technologies to the market. These new designs require fuels that have different attributes than what is used in today's fleet of nuclear reactors, but the fuels are not commercially available.  H.R. 6140 addresses this challenge by ensuring nuclear innovators will have the advanced fuels needed to develop and demonstrate their products commercially.  The bill provides a direct path to align advanced nuclear fuel supply with initial demand for the deployment of next generation nuclear technologies. It provides for the development of the technical information necessary to assist the creation of the regulatory and licensing framework for these fuels.  The bill directs the Secretary of Energy to establish a temporary program, operating to support a public-private partnership, that will make what is known as high-assay low-enriched uranium available for use in the first-of-a-kind advanced nuclear reactor designs. It provides for the surveys and information necessary to inform the new market development and cost recovery for initial federal investments.  In short, the Advanced Nuclear Fuel Availability Act takes practical, targeted steps to ensure the infrastructure will be in place in time to enable the development and deployment of a new generation of nuclear technologies in the United States.  This is an important bill for ensuring the nation's international leadership on nuclear technology, for ensuring our energy security, and achieving our clean energy goals.  I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 6140.  