I think it is important that we look at this in historic perspective. I am referring to the amendments and the meaning of the Toomey amendment, which I think is very significant.  As most people think about earmarks, yes, we want to do away with this. I am the first to admit that there has been a lot of abuse in the earmark process. I don't want to take sides between authorizers and appropriators, but I can remember several times here on the floor when appropriations bills are coming through, when people are legislating on appropriations bills, when they are swapping out deals. That is the kind of thing we want to stop. I think we have an opportunity to do that today.  I have an amendment. It is my understanding, the way the amendments are stacked up, there is going to be a vote on the Toomey amendment and then a vote on my amendment. Let me talk a little bit about how long we have been working on this issue.  Way back in 2007, I gave a talk to the Grover Norquist group. It was on July 25, 2007. I gave the Senate history of the 200-year fight between appropriators and authorizers.  In 1816 responsibilities between authorizing versus appropriating had been debated. In that year the Senate created the first 11 permanent standing committees.  I think most people understand that we in the Senate, each one of us is on at least two standing committees. Many of these are authorizing committees or appropriating committees. Mine happened to be authorizing committees. My two major committees I have been on since serving in the Senate are the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Environment and Public Works Committee. Both are authorizing committees.  What is significant about this is that there has always been a fight. This is not a new fight. People think this is just going on today. This has been going on literally since 1816.  In 1867 the Senate created the Appropriations Committee. The purpose of that was to have the tax writing put in the Finance Committee and then have the appropriating committee as a separate committee--keeping those functions divided. Here it is now a couple of hundred years later and we are still trying to do the same thing. Today may be the day we can do it, and my amendment actually would do that.  In 1921--I am reading notes from the speech I made in 2007 at the Grover Norquist event--in 1921 the Senate passed the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921. The Senate tried to ensure that authorizing had to take place in a separate committee.  There we go. That is what we are talking about today. My amendment actually resolves the problem because it defines an earmark as an appropriation that hasn't been authorized. In a minute, I am going to talk about that because there is a lot of support for that currently that should be considered.  Let me use my committees as an example. If we were to do away with all earmarks as they are described in the House bill, the earmarks would actually be defined as any appropriation orauthorization. That gets into the huge question we will talk about in a minute--what our Constitution says. It says we, the House and the Senate, should do the spending or the appropriating. This has been this way for a long time.  I am hoping Members will go back and read Joseph Story and some of the great people in the past who have talked about why it is necessary for all the authorizing and the spending to take place in this body, in the Senate and in the House. If that does not happen, we are going to be in a position where we are giving our function to the President. We are ceding our constitutional obligation to the President--in this case, President Obama.  Back in the time I was making this speech initially, I talked about such things. I mentioned this on the floor yesterday. A lot of people do not understand. The budget that comes to us is a budget from the President. It is not from Congress, not from the House, not from the Senate, not from the Democrats, not from the Republicans, it is from the President. The President is the guy who sends the budget down. I am so critical of this President because every one of these budgets now--we have just gotten the fourth budget--has a deficit of over $1 trillion. Unheard of. I can remember back in the days--1996 was the first $1.5 trillion budget. That was during the Clinton administration. I remember coming down to the floor and saying: We cannot sustain this level of spending. That was $1.5 trillion to run the entire United States of America. What President Obama has sent down is $1 trillion to $1.5 trillion in each of his budgets, just deficit alone. We can't continue to do that.  I am on the Armed Services Committee. It is an authorizing committee. It is a committee staffed with experts in every area--missile defense, strike fighters--all of that having to do with defending America. Of course, when the budget comes down, historically--I am talking about historically from 100 years ago--we have taken that budget and analyzed that budget. The Chair is fully aware of this because she sits on that committee. We determine what is the best way to spend the given number of dollars that come down in the budget to best defend America.  The example I used yesterday was in one of the first budgets that came down. I think it was the first budget from President Obama. It had one item that was a $330 million item that was for a launching system that was referred to as a box of rockets--a good system, I might add, but with the scarce dollars we made a determination in the Armed Services Committee that we could take that same $300 million and instead of spending it on a launching system, spend it on six new F-18 strike fighter aircraft. And we did that. That is what we should be able to do. But if you have an earmark ban, then you would not be able to do that. It depends on how it is going to be interpreted, but the way I interpret it, it would mean we cannot change what the President sends down because that would be called a congressional earmark. Some might argue and say: No, it is that only if it happens to be in your district or something like that. That is not what it says, though. The way it is defined is anything that would be an authorization or an appropriation.  So we had the example there in the Armed Services Committee, and one of the unintended consequences would be--I will just use this as an example. I can remember back in the days, I am old enough to remember back when Reagan was President and nobody believed we would ever have a problem with people sending over a missile with some type of a weapon on it that would be very destructive to America, nor did they believe it would be possible, if a missile were coming in, that we could knock down that missile. Well, we have now settled that. Everyone knows you can hit a bullet with a bullet. We have done it before. We are doing a good job.  We also know after having gone through 9/11 that we should have at the very top of our concern as representatives of this country to defend America and to have an enhanced system. So we had a policy that we wanted to have a redundancy in all three phases of missile defense. In missile defense, you have three phases--a boost phase, a midcourse phase, and a terminal phase--and we want to have that. So when we are addressing that, if the President comes in with something that doesn't follow that redundancy, we could be in a position where we would not be able to do what is in the best interests of the country.  I am not the only one who believes that when we say we want an outright ban on all spending--and that is what we are saying, an outright ban on all spending--there is an article that I took out of the Hill Magazine--that would have been about 3 or 4 years ago--saying ``Lobbyists Hitting Up Agencies As Earmark Rate Drops.'' In other words, as we quit spending here, it does not save a cent. That money goes back into the bureaucracy, and they are spending it at that point. So that puts us in the position of, admittedly, what they are talking about--they are actually lobbying the bureaucrats as opposed to Members because that is where all the power is. In other words, we have ceded that power.  I can see a lot of the Democrats wanting to pass an all-out ban on congressional earmarks because they are supporting Obama. Obama wants to do the spending. They want him to do that. I understand that, and I heard from some of the Democrats who do not agree with that, and I appreciate their making that statement on the floor.  But I think as we address this and go back to things that we did on the floor a year and a half ago--this was November 2010--we talked about the Constitution and how it restricts spending only to the legislative branch and specifically denies that honor to the President.       We take an oath of office--  I am reading now from a statement I made on the floor a year and a half ago.       We take an oath of office to uphold the Constitution of the      United States. That means that we take an oath of office to      uphold article I section 9 of the Constitution.  What does that say? That says that the spending in our government should be confined to the legislative branch. That is us. If you go and look in the Federalist Papers, it talks about this. Over and over, judges without exception have reinforced this as the constitutional obligation we have.  Sometimes I miss Senator Bob Byrd more than other times, and this is one of the times I do. I can hear him standing on the floor saying: Why is it we are giving up our constitutional right? Remember he used to carry around the Constitution? He would hold it up. I wish he were here today so he could talk about article I, section 9 of the Constitution and how we are ceding that authority to the President.  I mentioned yesterday that one of the problems I have with a permanent moratorium without a definition of what an earmark is--one of the problems we have in giving the President, ceding our authority to him--and there is no better example--a lot of us got quite upset in this body when the President had his $800 billion-or-so stimulus plan. Remember the stimulus plan that didn't stimulate and he spent all this money? And when he signed it, he was talking about how this was going to stimulate. As it turned out, only 3 percent went into roads, highways, and so forth, and only 3 percent into defending America. When he signed it, President Obama said: What I am signing then is a balanced law with a mix of tax cuts and investments. It has been put together without earmarks or the usual porkbarrel spending. So, anyway, we had such examples of earmarks.  In fact, I remember on Sean Hannity's program, he had the 102 most egregious earmarks. In those earmarks was $219,000 to study the hookup and behavior of female college co-eds in New York; $1 million to do fossil research; $1.2 million to build an underpass for deer crossing in Wyoming. There were 102 egregious earmarks and not one of them was a congressional earmark. They are all bureaucratic earmarks. We ceded that so the President, through our action, was able to do all those things he could not otherwise do.  I have a longer list that I ask to be made a part of the Record at this point in my presentation, which includes about 10 or 15 other egregious earmarks.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:  Fifteen Earmarks From Hannity's List of 102 Most Egregious Earmarks       1. $219,000 to a university to study the hookup behavior of      female college coeds in New York.       2. $8,408 to a university to study whether mice become      disoriented when they consume alcohol.       3. $712,883 to develop ``machine generated humor'' in      Illinois.       4. $325,394 to study the mating decisions of Cactus bugs in      Florida.       5. $500,000 to Ohio to purchase recycling bins with      microchips embedded inside of them.       6. $800,000 to a company in Arizona to install motion      sensor light switches.       7. $25,000 for socially conscious puppet shows in      Minnesota.       8. $1 million to research fossils in Argentina.       9. $500,000 to study the impact of global warming on wild      flowers in a Colorado ghost town.       10. $150,000 to develop the next generation football globes      in Pennsylvania.       11. $1.2 million to build a deer underpass in Wyoming.       12. $50,000 to resurface a tennis court in Montana.       13. $15,000 for a storytelling festival in Utah.       14. $14,675 for doormats at the Department of the Army in      Texas.       15. $10,000 for the Colorado Dragon Boat Festival.  