President, I just have a couple of comments to make for clarification purposes.  First of all, I don't think anyone is going to question my conservative credentials over the years I have been here. I have been really offended by a lot of the things that have happened structurally in this institution, over in the House, but so far as this bill is concerned, let me clarify a couple of things.  It sounds good to stand up here and say we have only had a matter of minutes to look at something that is 500 pages. We have had this bill for a long time--for several days. We have had it and gone over everything. On the bill we sent from the Senate to the House, it is essentially the same thing.  I didn't agree when they added the two provisions on student loan and flood insurance. I didn't agree with that. Everyone knows those issues, but I don't think they should have been on here. Nonetheless, we didn't have any control in this body over that. But as far as the provisions of the bill are concerned, these provisions we have seen. And everyone who has spoken against it has been there when we have talked about the great reforms, and I have commented several times that I thought one of the problems was we did too good a job because we had too many reforms. But when it got over to the House, where they are inclined to have more reforms there, they had to start from a base where we had done a good job. Streamlining and enhancements and all those things are in it.  The only thing I can say, from a conservative perspective, is we have seen this bill. We have lived with this bill, not just hours but for days, and actually for weeks, the basic provisions of the bill. But what we have to realize is there is an alternative to what we are doing here today, and that alternative--and the only alternative--is to go back to extensions.  If we go back to extensions, a couple of things happen. No. 1, we don't have any of the reforms we have in the bill; No. 2, we throw away about 30 percent of the money----  