President, I hear all the time from my good friend who is involved in this. In this rare case it is true. The Senator from Colorado and I are very close friends, and he and I disagree on this issue. I think it is important for us to understand where this came from. Senator McCain and I are responsible for section 313, and I think when people understand what it is, all of these arguments I have heard against it, none of them holds weight. What we are trying to do is experiment in green energy at the expense of our ability to defend America, and our readiness. Our military is deployed in more locations around the world at a greater rate than was ever the case during the Cold War. I sometimes say, I look wistfully back on the days of the Cold War. Back then we had an enemy we could define. It was an enemy who was predictable. That is not the case anymore, and after almost two decades fighting and all of these contingencies worldwide, including four major regional conflicts with a force structure that is 40 percent smaller and equipment that is decades older than the military readiness during its decline, this is what we are faced with right now. All of this is coming at a time when the Obama administration has cut the defense budget, projecting over the 10-year period, by some $487 billion. If the Obama sequestration becomes a reality, that would be $1 trillion over this period of time coming out of our defense budget.  Even the Secretary of Defense, President Obama's Secretary of Defense, said that would be devastating. He used the word ``devastating.'' But if that were not enough, the Obama administration continues to force the military to spend greater proportions of its already depleted funds on an expensive green energy agenda, to include the purchase of biofuels for operational use and construction of commercial biofuel refineries.  I fully support the development and the use of alternative fuels, including biofuels, but not at the expense of the military. Secretary Mabus's primary focus must be or should be on the readiness of the Navy, not on propping up the biofuel industry.  By the way, I have to remind everyone we have a bureaucracy called the Department of Energy. They are the ones who are supposed to be doing all of this experimentation we talked about. Our Navy, according to the Chief of Naval Operations, ADM Jon Greenert, will see a 15-percent increase in the number of ships set to deploy, with the number of ships and attack boats deployed at any time rising from 93 today to 107 by 2016. This increased deployment rate will impact sailors and marines as well as the required maintenance of ships and aircraft.  President Obama talked about pivoting to Asia from the Middle East and some of the concentrations. This is going to create another very serious problem. When every defense cut dollar degrades our military readiness, why should we want our Navy to pay four times the amount than almost any other fuel, or in some cases 100 times the amount? With a military budget that continues to decrease, where is the Navy going to get additional funding to pay its biofuel bill?  What is the Navy willing to give up in order to pay this bill? What is DOD willing to give up in order to pay the higher fuel bills? They have been talking about this on the other side. However, the higher fuel bills are not what this section 313 is all about. We discussed this in the committee. I fully support the efforts that make it affordable are mixed in, but biofuels still face challenges in technologies that remain imprudent. Again, we have a Department of Energy that is supposed to be doing this.  This is a 2011 RAND report, which says:       There is no direct benefit to the Department of Defense and      the services from using alternative fuels rather than      petroleum-derived fuels. In short, the military is best      served by efforts directed at using energy more efficiently      in weapon systems and at military installations.  That is a 2011 RAND Commission direct quote.  Despite the recent assertions by biofuel lobbyists that the two biofuel provisions in S. 3254, the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year2013, do not restrict the Department of Defense from purchasing alternative fuels, including biofuels, section 313 allows the continued use of the Department of Defense funding for biofuels for testing but precludes them from using the funds authorized for readiness and training. That is what this is all about, readiness.  Section 313 contained in the bill is intended to restore fiscal responsibility and accountability for defense spending at a time when our Nation simply cannot afford to waste taxpayers' funds on speculative green initiatives such as Solyndra and dozens of other companies that are foundering or bankrupt despite billions of government investment, as they call it.  A recent DOD report revealed that the biofuels program will amount to an extra $1.8 billion a year in fuel costs to the Navy alone. That is just the Navy, not the Air Force, not the rest of them. This ludicrous pricetag is not surprising.  Through congressional oversight efforts, we found that in 2009--now listen to this, this is significant--the Navy paid an outrageous $424 a gallon for 20,000 gallons of renewable diesel. In December of 2011, the Navy purchased 450,000 gallons of biofuels for $12 million, equaling about $27 a gallon. That is $27 a gallon we are talking about in our defense budget when we are paying for something that should cost $3, maybe $4 a gallon.  The Navy is not the only service being subjected to this greening agenda. Last month the Air Force bought 11,000 gallons of alcohol to jet fuel at $59 a gallon, twice as much per gallon as what the Navy was forced to spend. So we are talking about amounts such as $400, $450, and $29 a gallon for fuel just to experiment, and this is something the Department of Energy should be doing if anyone is going to be doing it.  DOD has been forced to drastically cut its personnel, the number of brigade combat teams, ships, fighters, and airlift, and it has had to eliminate or postpone critical military modernization programs. Now thanks to President Obama's defense budget cuts, DOD can't afford to do business as usual. Yet they are being coerced to spend $27 a gallon.  Secretary Panetta has warned repeatedly that President Obama's deep cuts will have a devastating effect to our economy. He used the word ``devastating'' when he talked about what was going to happen if he is successful in the next step, which would be the sequestration.  Knowing this, how could anyone support including another $1.8 billion from an already stretched budget? President Obama's climate chief, Heather Zichal, defended the green fleet by arguing that even a dollar rise in gasoline prices would cost DOD $30 million. I think my good friend, the Senator from Colorado, said essentially the same thing. I agree with it. If every $1 of rise in gas prices costs $30 million, a $27 increase in fuel costs due to the forced use of biofuels would add up to about $660 million. So that argument falls completely flat.  Realizing that the economic angle is a political loser, the Obama administration has tried to say that it is about national security in getting off of foreign oil. That is where I want to get.  I spent several years as chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee and several years as the ranking member. All during that time, people were saying the one thing we all agree on is we need to be off of foreign oil. We need not to be dependent upon the Middle East. Yet right now we know no one is going to refute this fact, no one in this room, no one today or in the future, that when we had the USGS reports and the other reports saying that we now are in a different position than we have been before. People are saying of the resources and the reserves in fossil fuels--and I am talking about ``oil and gas''--we are No. 1 in the world now. We didn't used to be. Two years ago we couldn't have said that. Right now we are. We have the opportunity, and we can look at the opportunity, in terms of our reserves that are usable, of being totally self-sufficient.  The other thing that is so disturbing, when people talk about they don't want to be dependent on the Middle East, therefore we have to spend billions of defense dollars to experiment on biofuels when, in fact, we could be completely self-sufficient, all we have to do is do what every other nation in the world does, and what is that? Every other nation in the world depletes it. They go after their own resources. We have recoverable reserves in gas and oil to take care of this country for the next 50 and 90 years, respectively, and yet we are trying to use this as an argument to go and spend this money on experimental biofuels. I think that part of the argument has to be exposed for what it is. It is a phony argument.  You know, we look, we see, and people ask from around the world, they say why is it that your country, the United States--in my position on this committee I have been asked this many times--why is it that you are the only country that won't exploit its own resources, and I say, well, it is a political thing.  Right now if you want to do something about becoming energy totally sufficient--I asked the other day, because the President keeps saying, well, you know, you are wrong because if we were to develop all of our public lands and be able to get the resources off of that, it would take 10 years for that to reach the pump--I actually called up a man named Harold Hamm. He has testified before our committees up here in Washington several times. I said, let me ask you a question. I am going to be on a TV show and they are going to ask me, if this administration would lift all of the restrictions we have on public lands how long would it take for the first barrel of oil that would come from that to reach the pumps? Otherwise, you go through the refining process and all of that, because we have heard this administration say it would take 10 years. Well, in fact, it would take--his answer was--and I said: Be careful, Harold Hamm, because I am going to use your name on nationwide TV. He said: Yes, I have thought about this. It would take 70 days. Not 10 years but 70 days.  So we are talking about sufficiency that we could have just in this country in a matter of days, not in a matter of years. And I only bring that up--and I know people don't think it should be part of this debate, but it is because they are using the argument that we have to use billions of defense dollars in experimenting with biofuels to wean us off fossil fuels when, in fact, we are doing that now. And we have a Department of Energy that is responsible for actually carrying that out. The argument completely falls on its face.  It was the U.S. Geological Survey report that revealed that America has 26 percent of the world's recoverable conventional oil reserves--which is more than we are using, so we could become independent--and almost 30 percent of the world's technically recoverable conventional gas resources. So with all these things in mind, the Congressional Research Service agrees and the USGS agrees we could become independent. So it all comes together.  This isn't happening in a vacuum. We have a good bill here, and we need to get it done in the short period of time given us by the leadership. I think we can do it. I agree with the chairman of the committee that we can get this done. But this one amendment is one that would, probably more than any other amendment, take away our ability to spend this money on readiness--on readiness for the experimental program on green energy.  With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of the time.  