President, first of all, I will be introducing a bill in a minute called S. 3053, but as a predicate to that, let me talk again about my ongoing investigation of the overreach of the Environmental Protection Agency.  Certainly the Washington Post is right-on with their editorial. On May 3, the Washington Post editorial board penned an editorial entitled ``The EPA is earning a reputation for abuse.'' In this editorial, they discussed how former region 6 Administrator Al Armendariz's ``philosophy of enforcement'' has severely hurt the EPA.  To refresh your memory, it was a couple of weeks ago at this very podium that I read the quotes I am about to quote again today. While the Washington Post doesn't agree with me all the time, I was pleased to read that they saw that the ``crucify'' policy Mr. Armendariz purported in his visit to Dish, TX, clearly showed that he ``preferred to extract harsh punishments on an arbitrary number of firms to scare others into cooperating.'' Further, the Washington Post editorial board saw this attitude as both unjust and threatening to investors in energy projects.  While Armendariz has resigned--he is gone now--his statements have undermined the legitimacy of the EPA's regulatory authorities. We know that the policy of extracting harsh punishment on arbitrary individuals in order to scare others into cooperation was not just an inflated rhetoric. Mr. Armendariz followed through on his philosophy when he had the EPA region 6 pursue a trumped-up emergency action against the natural gas company Range Resources in Texas. The EPA is not using its powers fairly and is showing its enforcement is arbitrary, unreliable, capricious, and unduly severe.  But the Post's editorial board didn't see Armendariz as an isolated incident. They also called out EPA's actions in another recent high-profile misuse of power that has hurt the Agency's credibility.  The EPA insisted that an Idaho couple, the Sacketts, stop construction on a home because that violated the Clean Water Act. On March 21 the Supreme Court ruled unanimously--this was not a split decision; it was unanimous, 9 to 0--that the EPA had exceeded its authority in pursuing the Sacketts and has ensured that they and other people who find themselves in similar situations can overcome the EPA's assertion of whether or not their property contains jurisdictional wetlands, without submitting to the permit process. A mere 2 days later, the EPA was again called out for overreaching its authority on water issues. Then on March 23 the U.S. district court ruled that the EPA overreached in revoking a permit to Arch Coal after the Army Corps of Engineers had already granted it. In quite a blow to the Agency, the judge said EPA's claim--and I am now quoting what the judge said in his order--``that section 404(c) grants it plenary authority to unilaterally modify or revoke a permit that has been duly issued by the Corps'' is a ``stunning power for an agency to aggregate to itself when there is absolutely no mention of it in the statute.'' That is what the court said.  Yet, in the midst of scathing rebukes from the press and the courts, the EPA is still acting as if everything is the same as it was before these cases happened, and they are actively pursuing more regulatory power by attempting to vastly increase the scope of the Clean Water Act's reach. In fact, when discussing the results of the Sackett case at an American Law Institute-American Bar Association event on May 3 of this year, Mark Pollins, Director of EPA's Water Enforcement Division, said, ``Internally it is the same old, same old.''  I plan to send a letter to Administrator Jackson addressing Mr. Pollins' comments and trying to find out how an EPA official, in the face of a 9-to-0 Supreme Court decision, could say that the Agency is not going to do anything different. And if the EPA is able to finalize its new Clean Air Act jurisdictional guidance, it will have given itself a whole new set of excuses for pushing the boundaries of the Clean Water Act as far as possible. This continued overreach is why we now have bicameral, bipartisan legislation introduced to stop this current guidance overreach.  Let's take a moment and go back in time to where this all started. We might remember a couple years ago Senator Feingold from Wisconsin and Congressman Oberstar over in the House introduced the Clean Water Restoration Act. The Clean Water Restoration Act removed the word ``navigable.'' This act gave the Federal Government, through the EPA, the jurisdiction over the navigable water. That is what the law was. But they wanted to take out the word ``navigable'' and, therefore, the EPA would have jurisdiction over all land in the United States. It is very simple. It was so unfair that not only did we defeat the Clean Water Restoration Act but the people defeated Senator Feingold in Wisconsin and Congressman Oberstar, after they had been in Congress for a long time. Obviously, this is something that is not popular. It is an overreach and everyone understands it.  Normally, when the Obama administration can't achieve what they want to achieve through legislation, they do it through regulations. We see this in cap and trade right now. We saw the President try to get legislation on cap and trade which amounted to a $300 billion to $400 billion tax increase on the American people and it wouldn't have done any good or helped anyone. Yet it would have been the largest tax increase in history. I go back and compare it with what they were attempting to do with the Clinton-Gore tax increase of 1993. That is where they raised the marginal rates, the capital gains tax, the death tax--this massive tax increase--a $32 billion tax increase. This will be 10 times greater than that. Now they are trying to do what they couldn't do with legislation through regulation. But that is because in order to undertake a Clean Water Act rulemaking, EPA would have to follow a transparent process and engage in a public comment period as required by the Administrative Procedures Act.  For that reason, they didn't pursue that through regulations. Given how unpopular their proposal has been, going through with the rulemaking would make it much more difficult to obtain the expanded Federal control they are clearly trying to pursue. By changing agency practice in this formal and nonregulatory way, they virtually ensure that they will be able to formalize this agenda easily through future rulemaking. So what they couldn't achieve through legislation or, in this case, through the proper rulemaking process, they are trying to do through guidance.  What is even more frustrating than the EPA's continued overreach is that this new guidance would provide no improvement to water and would likely hinder real progress on cleaning water. The guidance's broad reach and legalistic language would inevitably shift the balance of regulatory authority further away from States, which are better equipped to protect waters within their borders. Giving the Federal Government control over nearly all water features will not lead to cleaner water. It will, however, lead to tremendous uncertainty, tremendous confusion, and economic pain for farmers,energy developers, small businesses, and State governments by saddling them with more layers of expensive, onerous, and unnecessary Federal regulations. It is yet another Obama administration policy that will be all pain for virtually no environmental gain.  Congress has been explicitly clear with EPA that this new guidance is unacceptable. Last July I wrote a letter, along with Senator Roberts, the ranking member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, and 39 of our colleagues to Administrator Jackson, where we raised our concerns that this document went far beyond mere guidance. EPA and the Corps of Engineers greatly expanded what can be considered jurisdictional waters through a slew of new and expanded definitions and through the changes to the applications and jurisdictional tests.  Administrator Jackson has said this guidance will increase the Clean Water Act's scope. In the economic analysis that accompanied the guidance, it stated that as few as 2 percent and as many as 17 percent of the nonjurisdictional determinations under current guidance would be considered jurisdictional using the expanded test under the new guidance. However, this analysis was only for the Army Corps making dredge-and-fill permit decisions when compared to current practice. The guidance will apply to the entire Clean Water Act, including the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permits, the Oil Pollution Act and Spill Prevention Control, and Countermeasure plans, water quality standards, and even State water quality certifications. Because most States have delegated authority under the Clean Water Act, this change in guidance will also result in a change in the responsibilities of States in executing their responsibilities under the Clean Water Act and a change in how individual citizens are governed by law.  So what we are talking about is what they have been unable to do with legislation they were going to be doing with regulation. But in this case, what they couldn't do with regulation because it would be too transparent they are trying to do through guidance.  The finalized guidance document is currently at OMB for formal interagency review before it is finalized. We don't know what changes have been made, but based on a draft that was leaked to the press, it doesn't appear that the document is substantially different from the proposed guidance document they put out for public comment last May. This is the last step before this expansive document starts being used throughout the country, and that is why I hope all my colleagues in the Senate on both sides of the aisle will join me in trying to stop it.  Working with Senator Barrasso, Senator Heller, Senator Sessions, and others, we introduced S. 2245. We call it the Preserve the Waters of the United States Act. It is a bill that stops the EPA from finalizing the guidance and from using the guidance to make decisions about the scope of the Clean Water Act or to turn it into a rule. The House has also acted with chairmen and ranking members of the Transportation and Infrastructure and Agriculture Committees introducing the bipartisan H.R. 4965. I applaud Mr. Mica and Mr. Rahall in this bipartisan effort, as well as Mr. Lucas and Mr. Peterson and Mr. Gibbs for their actions. These bills do not change or roll back any current protections in the Clean Water Act; they simply stop the EPA and the Corps of Engineers from moving forward and making these unprecedented regulatory changes through a guidance document.  The EPA needs to withdraw this guidance document immediately. If it wishes to make changes to the Clean Water Act, it should go through a complete and proper rulemaking process under the Administrative Procedures Act. That is why it is there, so people in America will know the cost of what these regulations mean to them and what they do and do not do. Why do it under the veil of guidance when they should be doing it out in the open? That is what we want. That is all we are asking for.  I mentioned I am introducing a bill today.  (The remarks of Senator Inhofe pertaining to the introduction of S. 3053 are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  