President, let me compliment Senator Durbin for his concern for this activity that is going on there. I wish to clarify the record because I have had personal conversations with the President and with many members of the staff and good friends over there.  Africa is a little bit different than other areas. Sometimes there can be rebel groups within a country that are doing something people attribute to a country. In this case, that isn't true with Rwanda. In the case of Rwanda, if they say that some of the Rwandanmilitary was supporting the M23 movement, that would not be with the authority or the knowledge even of President Kagame himself and his administration. I want to make sure to clarify that.  Also, I want to mention, the area of Goma that the Senator from Illinois is talking about is something that a lot of people are not--they don't understand what that is. Goma is in the far eastern part of Congo. The capital is Kinshasa. It is further from Kinshasa to Goma than it is, of course, all the way across this country twice. So we are talking about an area where there is not much control.  It happens that Robert Ruberwa, Parliamentarian Ruberwa, is the one who is responsible for that area. The way it is working there, they don't have any control over there. This is a rebel movement.  The reason I say I believe, and I have always believed, that there is a relationship between the LRA and the M23 is because I was over there when the LRA had just left. We were hoping to be there at the same time. It was a matter of a couple of days before. They went north up through the Central African Republic and up through south Sudan, over to Uganda, where they originally started. That is the same area and the same motive, the same way of operating as M23.  They are abducting little kids. People don't realize this. They abduct little kids and teach them how to use weapons and make them go back to their villages, murder their parents and their siblings, and if they don't do that, they cut their noses off and their ears off. We have pictures. We have seen this happen.  I am pleased that we have adopted as a policy of this country to intervene.  Let's keep in mind, we have a war against terrorists. These are terrorists and this has spread throughout--starting actually more in the Horn of Africa, Djibouti, and then moving down into the continent. This is the type of terrorism that comes from it. I consider this as a part of that war.  But I do want to emphasize that the accusation that Rwanda and their leadership, specifically President Kagame--let's remember what happened with Paul Kagame. He was the one back during the genocide of 1994 who was able to come in and pull everybody together. A lot of the rebels went to the west out in Rwanda and went into the eastern part of Congo. We know that is right. But they have been rejected. There is no accusation that there is even a relationship there. But I hope people realize we do have some great Presidents throughout the continent of Africa, and he is one of them. It is a difficult situation there. It is one on which we need to focus our attention.  By the way, I would say I don't believe it has been cleared on our side. It would be with me, but it hasn't happened yet, and we hope to work in that direction so we can take this up.  I yield the floor.  