Before I do, I would like to say what it is on so people will understand the time and effort that has gone into getting legislation passed. I am referring now to S. 3268.  When John Glenn retired from this body, that left me as kind of the last acting commercial pilot. Consequently, I ended up getting a lot more of the complaints and problems within the FAA and the way accusations are made and enforcement actions are taken. I have gone to bat for a lot of these people when I believed there was really a fairness problem.  It was not until I had an experience, a personal experience, that I realized the depth of the problem. It is very hard for people in this room to understand. If you have been, as I have been, a private pilot, commercial pilot, and flight instructor for 55 years, what it would mean to have that license taken away from you if that were merely at the whim of some enforcement officer in the field. I think all of us know--when I was mayor of Tulsa, now and then we had a few police officers who could not handle the authority. It happens all the time. Certainly we hear about it with enforcement actions brought about by the FAA.  What happened to me, and I will share this with you--I think it is very important--I have probably more hours than most airline pilots have and I was still active in aviation. I was flying down to the southern part of Texas, the furthest south part of Texas, way down by Brownsville, to Cameron County Airport. Papa India Lima is the identifier for it. In this effort, with several passengers with me, I was going by the controllers. This is what you do not have to do but I always do for safety purposes. I went through the Corpus Christi approach control. He handed me off to the Valley approach control. I was going into a field that was uncontrolled, so the only control is the Valley approach control. They are watching on a screen, and they have all the information they need to direct you and authorize you to do things. They are looking for traffic and you are squawking, so they know exactly where you are, how high you are, and all the things that are happening. Again, you don't have to do that. On this day in October, a year ago October, I did not have to do it, but I did it anyway.  As I approached--the wind is always out of the south down there. The runway is 1 3--that coordinates with 130 degrees. When I was on about--I would have to go back and listen again to the voice recorder--about a 2- or 3-mile final to runway 1 3, the controller said: Twin Cessna 115 echo alpha, you are cleared to land runway 1 3.  When you do this, you dirty up your plane so you can land. This happens to be a pretty sophisticated twin-engine plane; you have to let the flaps down and gears down and all that stuff. You get to the point, if you have a full plane, beyond which you cannot go around. When I came in to make a landing, I did not see X on the runway because it was not very prominent, but nevertheless there was one there. But there were some workers on the far east side of the runway. This was a 8,000- or 9,000-foot runway. I only needed 2,000 or 3,000 feet. So I went over the workers and I landed. Immediately they got upset that I landed.  A lot of people, because I am a Member of the U.S. Senate, started calling the New York Times and the Washington Post. They had a wonderful time with this. I started looking at it and talking to the people who do the enforcement action. I have to say they were good, and they were responding to a lot of hysterical people, frankly, who did not like me. So they came with an enforcement action against me which merely was to go around the pattern with a CFI, a flight instructor. So I did this. I am also a flight instructor. I had given him his license, as a matter of fact. I went through this procedure, and everything was fine.  However, the problem was this: I was denied access to the information they were going to use against me. When I told them that I was cleared to land by the controller, it took me, a U.S. Senator, 4 months to get the voice recording to prove I was right.  Second, there is a thing called Notices to Airmen. NOTAMS are supposed to be published every time there is work on a runway. Pilots are supposed to have access to NOTAMS. You look through your resources, as I always do, to see if there are NOTAMS on the runways where I land. When I go back onweekends, normally I will fly--gosh, I will be at five or six different towns, but I look up the NOTAMS on all the towns. I had done that. There were no NOTAMS on Cameron County Airport. We checked afterward. We could never find any. No one says there were NOTAMS now. So, No. 1, I was clear to land, and No. 2, there were no NOTAMS that were published.  What they could have done--they could have very well done is taken my license away. It doesn't mean much to people who are listening to me right now because you are not pilots, but it means a lot to the 400,000 members of the AOPA who are watching us right now and to the 175,000 general aviation pilots with the EAA, Experimental Aircraft Association, who are watching us right now. They know that they, at the whim of one bureaucrat, could lose their licenses.  Anyway, I came back and drafted legislation. I have to say this was way back a year ago now--July 6 of 2011. I introduced a bill with 25 cosponsors that would do three things:  No. 1, it would let the accused have access to all relevant evidence within 30 days prior to a decision to proceed with an enforcement action.  No. 2, it would allow the accused to have access to the Federal courts. As it is right now, the National Transportation Safety Board--it goes to them, and they rubberstamp whatever the FAA does. In fiscal year 2010, there were 61 appeals, and of those only 5 were reversed. Of the 24 petitions in 2010 seeking review for emergency determinations, only 1 was granted and 23 were denied. It is a rubberstamp. Everybody knows it. Ask any pilot you can find, and they will tell you that is what it is.  This way, they would have access to the Federal courts. It is not going to happen because I can assure you, that inspector in the field, the enforcement officer in the field is not going to put his reputation on the line knowing that someone is going to be looking at it with a sense of fairness. The district court doesn't have to know anything about piloting an airplane, it is just a fairness issue.  In my case, they would have looked at this and said: Wait, you are cleared to land by the FAA, and there are no NOTAMS published. What did you do wrong?  I did nothing wrong.  They would make sure flight station communications are available to all airmen. They are supposed to be. But if it took me 4 months--and I am a U.S. Senator--to get a voice recording to show I was cleared to land at this airport, what about somebody who is not a Senator? What about somebody who would be intimidated to the point he would lose his license?  The second thing this does is it forces the NOTAMS--Notices to Airmen--to be put in a place where they are visible, a central location.  The third thing. If you talk to the aircraft owners and the pilots association, of all the problems that they get called to their attention, 28 percent of all the requests for assistance received by them relate to the medical certification process. In other words, someone might lose his medical and then find he has corrected any kind of physical problem and wants to get it back, and he gets it back. However, if he happens to live in a different town and there are hundreds of doctors around to do this, there is no uniformity to it.  So it sets up a process or helps facilitate setting up a process by having general aviation, having the FAA, having the NTSB, having anyone who is relevant and interested in this to look at and coordinate the medical certification process.  That is essentially it. I am prepared to go into a lot of detail. I know I now have 66 cosponsors in this body. I could have had a lot more; we quit after we got two-thirds. I think everyone knows that is normally what you do. I do know we may have one objection to this unanimous consent request, but I am going to make it now.  As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 422, S. 3268, that the bill be read a third time and passed, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the Record.  