That is accurate.  I think that is very important too because we have been talking about this bill for a long period of time. We actually started trying to get a highway reauthorization bill way back in 2009, when the old bill from 2005 expired.  But the problem is--and I want to get back to where I was--there is an alternative to this bill. If we defeat this bill, we go back to extensions. If we go back to extensions, first of all, we are losing about 30 percent of the money off the top. Everybody knows that. Secondly, we don't get these reforms. If people are concerned out there--conservatives--that they want to defeat this and go back to extensions, they are not going to have reform with the enhancements. Right now the law requires 10 percent, depending on how we want to put it, in total funding or 2 percent of surface transportation. That has to be spent on transportation enhancements.  My good friend, the chairman of the committee, Senator Boxer, and I disagree on enhancements. She likes them; I don't. I want money to be spent on concrete, on roads and bridges. This is what I think we should be doing. But that is a disagreement we had and so we had a compromise where she can have--and anyone can have--what they want. It is an oversimplification, but it means, yes, this money is going to be put into something. It can be enhancements. In my State of Oklahoma, it is not going to be in enhancements, it is going to be paying for some of the unfunded mandates. It will be paying for things we have to do in terms of the environment and things that are required. So we have solved that problem. If we don't pass this bill, we go right back and it will have to go to enhancements.  On streamlining, all the streamlining is in this in terms of environmental streamlining. Talk to any of the road contractors out there and they will tell you about the waste of money and the number of miles of roads they can't dobecause of some of these requirements--these environmental requirements. We have streamlined those requirements. If we don't pass this bill, we will go back to extensions and the same thing applies--we are going to lose all those opportunities. So not only will it cost more, we will not get the streamlining.  I am very proud of a group that has always supported me, the American Conservative Union. Is there anyone around here who doesn't think the American Conservative Union isn't conservative? I made this a part of a speech yesterday, an editorial by Al Cardenas, the chairman of the American Conservative Union. It is an op-ed piece he wrote. But let me read now two short paragraphs from this op-ed piece from the American Conservative Union:       Article One, Section Eight of the Constitution specifically      lists interstate road-building as one of the delineated      powers and responsibilities vested in the federal Government.      In Federalist Paper #42, James Madison makes an early case      for the federal government's role in maintaining a healthy      infrastructure, by stating ``Nothing which tends to      facilitate the intercourse between states, can be deemed      unworthy of the public care.''  And the article goes on to say--and, remember, this is the American Conservative Union.       Perhaps most importantly, those of us who believe in      constitutional conservatism understand that unlike all the      things the Federal Government wastes our money on,      transportation spending is at the core of what constitutes      legitimate spending.  That is from the American Conservative Union. I wanted people to understand that voting for this is the conservative approach. We get more for the money being spent, it has all the streamlining in it, and it is our constitutional responsibility. This is what we are supposed to do. There are only two ways of doing it: one way is to pass this bill and the other is to operate under extensions, and I think it is very important for people to understand that.  With that, I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  