President, I think it is interesting that this amendment is coming up at this time. It is a matter of just a couple of hours ago that we passed an amendment on this floor extending our effort and policy against the LRA, the Lord's Resistance Army, and that is Joseph Kony, the individual who for now over 20 years has been abducting young people, training them, taking them up and forcing them to go out and fight with the LRA. If they did not do it, they would have to go home and murder their own family. It has been just horrible. We are making great progress now. I spent a lot of time primarily in Uganda where this all began, and it looks now as though we are getting closer to doing that.  The reason I am interested in amendment No. 3199 by Senator Durbin and am supporting it is because a very similar thing is going on right now. I happen to have spent some time in the eastern part of the Congo, where I have seen the rise of another individual, Colonel Makenga. He is very much like Joseph Kony. In fact, he is training the young people, young kids to be fighters. We all know about the effort out there with what they call the rebel leader of M23. That is very similar to what is happening up in Uganda. In fact, the Uganda effort and the LRA effort were very prominent, actually, in eastern Congo, the same place where this--and I suspected myself that there is a relationship between the two efforts. So I strongly support that.  I want to say one thing, though. I have strong feelings about this, and I want to get it on the record, and I would like to have my comments placed in the Record at the time this amendment comes up for consideration.  A lot of people were feeling that one of the problems with the M23 leaders came from Rwanda itself. At some time, they talked about President Kagame, President Paul Kagame, as if there were a relationship between this butcher over there, Colonel Makenga, and President Kagame. There is no relationship whatsoever. In fact, President Kagame rejects what this rebel leader is trying to do.  I had occasion to spend some time with Louise Mushikiwabo, who is the Foreign Affairs Minister for the Republic of Rwanda. I was with her. I have her picture right here. I was with her recently, and she gave us the assurance that the President, President Paul Kagame, is just as adamant about doing away with this rebel leader, Colonel Makenga, of the M23 rebel movement. I am happy to join in with this. I wanted to make sure I have my assurance in this that there is no relationship between this rebel movement and the President of Rwanda.  I yield the floor. I see the author of this amendment is on the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Whitehouse). The Senator from Illinois.  