President, today I understand Senator Toomey is going to be offering an amendment that will--it is quite an oversimplification to state it this way, but it would make permanent the temporary ban on earmarks. I think this is something we have talked about and talked about and talked about on this floor. In fact, the last time we talked about an amendment to put a moratorium on earmarks, my conservative rating of No. 1 in the U.S. Senate moved to No. 20 because I was telling the truth and not demagoguing an issue.  The problem we have is this: When the House of Representatives, first of all, came up some time ago--2 years ago--with doing away with earmarks, putting a moratorium on earmarks, then they defined what that moratorium was and defined an earmark in a certain House rule. The bottom line is this: It said it is any kind of an appropriation or authorization.  Now, here is where the problem is. Because everybody is upset with the process that has taken place by Democrats and Republicans on the floor of this Senate--and I will not name names, but I think most of the Members know the ones I am talking about. Many of them are members of the Appropriations Committee, where they would sit down during the course of an appropriations bill, and they would swap out deals, favors, and get things for their State. This is the type of thing that is wrong, and it should not take place.  But I have to remind my friends here that we have a Constitution for this country. Article I, section 9 of the Constitution makes it very clear that we--those of us in this Chamber and in the House Chamber across the hall--have a primary constitutional responsibility; that is, to authorize and appropriate. That is what article I, section 9 of the Constitution says we are supposed to be doing.  If you go back and study what Justice Joseph Story, back in 1833, talked about, he kind of made the interpretation of the intent of the Constitution so far as what our duties and the President's are. He said very clearly that we are doing this because if the President has the power to do the appropriating--or if you want to call it earmarks, you can call it earmarks--appropriating or authorization, that is too much power in the hands of one person. So he is very specific that our Founding Fathers wanted to make sure the President does not do this.  So what happens today? Today we get a budget from the President, which is taking place right now as we speak. I could talk about this, all the deficits in the budget and all that, but that is not my purpose for being here. My purpose for being here is to articulate how things are working today and how they have worked up until the moratorium language came into effect.  The President sends a budget to Congress. Then that is supposed to go to authorizing committees. I am on two authorizing committees--one is Environment and Public Works, one is the Senate Armed Services Committee. The Senate Armed Services Committee is staffed with experts in areas of missile defense, in areas of national defense, in areas of strike vehicles, in areas of lift capacity--all the areas that are in his budget in every area of national defense. But here is the thing: These are experts, so they advise us as we have our meetings and we are drafting in the Senate Armed Services Committee--SASC--the defense authorization bill, the NDAA, as we did just a few months ago. We come up with how we think we should be spending the money to defend America within the parameters of the President's budget.  I will give you an example. A couple years ago, before there was any discussion on the moratorium, the President had in his budget $330 million to go to a launching system. It was called a bucket of rockets. It was a good system, something we need, something that would be very helpful to have. But with the limited resources we have and the fact that we were fighting a war on two fronts at that time, we made a determination in the Senate Armed Services Committee that $330 million would be better spent if we bought six new F-18E/F models. Those are strike vehicles. One of reasons for that was the President in his budget did away with the only fifth-generation fighter we had, the F-22. That was back in his first budget, and he is talking about delaying the F-35, the Joint Strike Fighter, which is going to be necessary to have.  So we made that decision, and that was made by a majority of the members of the Senate Armed Services Committee. It had nothing to do with whose home State makes the F-18. None of that made any difference. It was just that we could do a lot more to defend America by having six new F-18s than we could by having the launching system called a bucket of rockets. Now, if you do that today, that is an earmark, to say: Well, no, that was not in the President's budget.  I have to remind everyone, it does not matter whether the President of the United States is a Democrat or Republican; the President is the guy who designs the budget. A lot of people do not know that. It is not the Democrats, not the Republicans, not the House, not the Senate. It is the President. When he designs this budget, he makes the determination as to how he thinks everything should be spent. If we say we cannot do authorization and appropriation, then that would be called an earmark, and there is a ban on earmarks.  The reason I have kind of walked around the barn a long way on this issue is that I have an amendment, the amendment I have just now brought up for consideration, amendment No. 1500. What that does is it merely defines an earmark as an appropriation that has not been authorized. I just described the authorization process. If we go through that, then there are not going to be any earmarks in the way most people think of earmarks, but we will be doing our duty.  I feel very confident we are going to be able to get this passed. Several of the individuals here very responsibly have talked about this issue. For example, Senator Toomey said yesterday on the floor that some earmarks ``ought to be funded. But they ought to be funded in a transparent and honest way, subject to evaluation by an authorizing committee.'' So here is the author of the ban on earmarks agreeing that if we go through an authorization process, it is all right to fulfill our constitutional function of appropriating and authorizing.  Senator Coburn, my junior Senator, said:       It is not wrong to go through an authorization process      where your colleagues can actually see it. It is wrong to      hide something in a bill. . . .  Agreed. We all agree on that. That was a year ago when he made that statement.  Senator McCain--by the way, I introduced this amendment in bill form last year. He was my cosponsor. We introduced it together. That was merely changing the definition of an earmark to be an appropriation or spending that has not been authorized.  Senator McCain said:       Some of those earmarks are worthy. If they are worthy, then      they should be authorized.  That is the whole issue. I can understand some Democrats wanting to do away with congressional earmarks because if they do that, it goes right back to Obama. If I were in a position where I felt President Obama or any other President could do a better job of appropriating money, that would be another motivation to do this. But for responsible conservatives who believe in what the Constitution says, this is a very easy solution to the problem.  The amendment will be brought up. I do not know when yet. I suppose I could find out just what our timing is going to be. But the amendment I have offered simply bans any congressional earmark that is not first authorized.  If we do this, instead of an outright ban, it will preserve our ability to keep the President's power in check. I would hope that many of my colleagues go back and read what our Founding Fathers had in mind when they talked about article I of the Constitution. I think they would find that they made it very clear we want to have a separation of those powers so we do not have either the House or the Senate or the Presidency doing everything. Instead, we should follow the Constitution.  So that is what my amendment is all about. I will be looking forward to bringing it up. I think it probably will be considered today. I look forward to that.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  