President, I am going to expand my remarks from my original intent because of what I have been listening to on the floor. I really reserved this time to talk about two very significant things that happened.  In fact, 53 years ago in 1959--and I have to ask the question as it gets closer and closer to Christmas: Why are we here? There is always a lot of theater right before Christmastime. The things we are talking about now could well be taken care of afterward. It could be done after we have a chance to look and assess the damages of Sandy.  As far as the fiscal cliff is concerned, this is something that we have known about for a long time. Right now it seems that in this body--and the other body down the hall in the House--that they don't want to do anything until it gets close to Christmas, that somehow people are at home watching, and sitting with bated breath and wondering what wisdom we are going to extol. I don't know if that is true in other States, but I know that it is not true in Oklahoma. I told them this was going to happen. I told them before the election in October. I introduced a bill, S. 3473. I introduced that bill because I knew what was going to happen.  What we have been talking about here in the last few minutes during the colloquy that I came in and caught the last part of is this Sandy issue. This is always interesting. When a disaster occurs in America and emotions are high, everybody all of a sudden wants to pour money on it, and in this case it will be $60.4 billion. How did they come up with $60.4 billion? I don't know because I wasn't in on that.  I come from Oklahoma. We have disasters all the time. We have our tornadoes that are very serious, and of course we take care of the problems when they come up. We do get some Federal help, but nonetheless we analyze what the damages are and what was caused by the particular disaster. We don't just use that to open the door and have something in there for everybody, and that is what is happening now. They are asking for $60 billion, and there is something for everyone in it. That is what we are talking about today.  Again, we should not be talking about it right before Christmas and use this as an excuse to take this right up to Christmas. Right now we don't have time to get all the way through this and analyze the actual losses that were attributed to Sandy. It was a disaster, and I understand that. People lost their lives and their property. Nonetheless, we don't know, and we are guessing right now.  Some say: Well, how about $60.4 billion? That sounds good. It could be $70 billion, it could be $80 billion, or it could be $30 billion. The Heritage Foundation did an analysis of the damages of Sandy. We talked about the $60.4 billion, which is the amount directly attributed to Sandy. We should get the study before it is criticized. The Heritage Foundation did the study, and it is actually $12.8 billion. That represents the amount that individuals lost as a direct result of this disaster called Sandy that tragically hit our east coast.  Now what about the other $47.6 billion? As an example, they have $28 billion in there for future disasters. Oh, wait a minute. We are supposed to be addressing a disaster that just occurred. The $28 billion is for future disasters. Here is a good one. There is 3.5 for global warming. They always have to get global warming in there. That is kind of interesting because we actually had several debates and several pieces of legislation called cap-and-trade. We took it up before this body and we defeated it. I am talking about going back 12 years ago. The last one was the House bill, and that was called Waxman-Markey. It was defeated because people realized that cap-and-trade would be the largest tax increase in the history of America, somewhere between $300 and $400 billion a year. That equates to about $3,000 for each family in my State of Oklahoma who files a Federal income tax return. So people realize that is true. Yet at the same time, the Administrator, appointed by President Obama, Lisa Jackson, when asked the question, If you were to pass any bill here for cap and trade in Oklahoma, would this reduce CO2 worldwide, said: No. That is because the problem is not here; the problem is in countries such as China, India, Mexico, and other places.  Nonetheless, how many people in this body even know what this President has done through his executive powers? He has spent $68.4 billion on global warming initiatives in the 4 years he has been President and that is without any authority from this body.  Here is another one: $150 million. I was listening to my good friend Senator Begich from Alaska--and I have a great deal of respect for him. He and I have worked on legislation together such as the pilots' bill of rights legislation. Nonetheless, fisheries in Alaska were significant, but they were not on the east coast. This didn't happen--the last time I looked at a map, it was on the west coast, not the east coast, so it should not be in here.  Then we go on to the fiscal cliff. We are all here talking about this fiscal cliff that is here and all of a sudden we have to do something about it. How many people realize that we knew this was coming a long time ago? I mentioned my bill, which is S. 3473, that showed we don't have to raise $1.4 trillion, we can raise $2.7 trillion without any cuts to the military, and it is all right there. Look it up: S. 3473. Now, months later, right before Christmas, we come here and say, Oh, trauma has set in; it is going to be a disaster, so we have to come up with $1.4 trillion.  How many people realize that this President--and this is not the Democrats, not the Republicans, not the House, not the Senate--it was the President of the United States, in his budget--there were four budgets he had in his 4 years. He had over $1 trillion of deficit in each budget. If we add up all of his deficits--this is what the President gave us now. Again, it was not the Democrats or Republicans, House or Senate; this was his budget that he drafted and signed, with $5.3 trillion of deficit in it--that is more deficit than all budgets of all Presidents combined since George Washington--and nobody cares. We say this and people shake their heads and they don't seem to care. He said it so it must be all right.  So now after this President has given us $5.3 trillion of deficit, now all of a sudden--he did that in 4 years, but in 10 years we can't even come up with $1.4 trillion. It is easy. We could do it. I did it in a bill introduced several months ago. We knew it was coming, but Christmas is coming too so we are all lined up to grandstand--I don't mean grandstand; that sounds demeaning. I don't mean it that way.  When we think about the money this President has spent--what about the $800 billion stimulus that didn't stimulate? How many people in America--how many Members of this body--know what that $800 billion was spent for? I suggest not very many. I do, because I made a point to look. There are things that it did not stimulate. Only 3 percent of it went to roads and highways and that type of thing. But, again, he came up with in one fell swoop $800 billion, and now we wonder--that was in the first couple of months and now in 10 years, how can we come up with this much more? So, anyway, I just wanted to say that.  While we are talking about the budget, I think it is appropriate to say something else about it, because it was in the budget that was part of disarming America. I can remember going over to Afghanistan after the President's first budget because I knew he was cutting the military and I knew if I were over there responding with the tanks going back and forth that it would get people's attention, and it did. In that first budget he did away with the only fifth-generation fighter, the F-22; he did away with our lift capacity, the C-17; did away with our future combat system, did away with the ground-based interceptor in Poland; all of these things in one budget. That is what took place.  Jon Kyl is retiring, and I noticed that when he made his going-away speech today he talked about the disasters we are facing right now. We are talking here about weather disasters. What about nuclear disasters? What about the fact that we had the New START Treaty, which I opposed, but nonetheless, that put levels on both Russia and ourselves. In terms of our nuclear stockpile, which was supposed to go down equally to 1,550 warheads, it is now down, and they are talking about doing away with them altogether. It is another subject for another time, but I will spend some time talking about it later.  Anyway, as we started, I mentioned two significant things happened in 1959. One was--and we are all revering now Danny Inouye. Senator Inouye is different than most other Senators. I remember when my daughter Katie was much younger and she said, My two favorite U.S. Senators--I thought I was going to be one of them--my two favorite ones are Senator Inouye and Senator Jesse Helms. They are such kind, older guys. She wanted to know if they ever got angry at anything. No, they didn't. As a conservative Republican I have gone to him many times for favors, really, to ask if we could get something done, and he never turned me down during that time. I had a long visit yesterday with his son and told him what we feel about Danny Inouye and how much we are going to miss him. So that happened in 1959. That was when he was first elected to the U.S. Senate.  The other thing that is significant that happened in 1959, 53 years ago today, is I was married. So this is my 53rd wedding anniversary, and it happened we were married in 1959. In fact, she is watching now. She hardly ever does, but I called and said watch because I can't be there for our anniversary so I have to do it this way, and so she is. Today is only the second time in 53 years that we haven't been together on our anniversary.  But I would ask the question: Who will be there today? That is who will be there today, our 20 kids and grandkids. Look at them all. Isn't that neat? Yes, they are going to be there, but I am not, but she won't be alone. Isn't that significant? All of that happened and it started with just us, right there, and there they are. A person might look and see that one little girl is a little bit different than the rest of them. That is the little girl right here. We call her Zegita Marie. There she is. We found her 12 years ago, only 2 days old. She was a cute little girl and she was just near death in an orphanage in Ethiopia and we went back there and got her nursed back to health. My daughter Molly, who had nothing but boys, adopted her.  I want to say to my wife who is listening right now, even though I won't be home, 3 days from now on the 22nd--that is Saturday--I want you to watch the ``Mike Huckabee Show'' because she is going to be interviewed and talking about adoption.  Senator Landrieu and I head the adoption caucus in the U.S. Senate. There are hundreds of thousands of little kids out there and people who want to adopt little kids, and they can't do it because of the problems. This little girl wouldn't even be alive today and here she is now, 11\1/2\, almost 12 years old, reading at college level and doing wonderful things. So, Kay, be sure to tune in to Mike Huckabee and watch her being interviewed 3 days from now.  The last thing I will say is that this is bad enough not to be home during our anniversary, but it is also bad as we get closer to Christmas. If you can only see the celebration that is going on right now, all those kids. They are all there and they are participating.  I remember what happened in the year 2009. In 2009, we played the same game here: You know, we were here doing a little theater, making sure everybody knew we were working, and we didn't get out until the afternoon, just about noon, on Christmas Eve. I remember that was the worst snowstorm in the history of northern Texas and of Oklahoma. Where is global warming when you need it? It was terrible. I got to DFW and I wanted to go on to Tulsa. I was in a hurry to get there because Kay and I belong to a church in Tulsa where we were married, all of our kids were married there, and my wife was even baptized there, and every Christmas Eve they have the most beautiful setting and three of my grandkids were going to be singing in that and I never missed it in 50 years. We got to Dallas; they weren't going to take off. I pleaded with them. They took off, the only plane that took off from DFW, and went to Tulsa that day. We went through 6-foot drifts, if my colleagues can believe it, to get down there to see my little grandkids singing. Well, that is not going to happen this time, because I will be back there.  I would say this to my wife. We have had kind of a tradition for 53 years now: I always get Kay roses. She loves roses. So I am not there today, but I want to say to Kay that if you will go out in our front yard now and look under the giant oak tree that you and I planted over 50 years ago, your roses are there.  Finally, I want to say two more things. One is I want to assure Kay that I love her more today than I did 50years ago; and secondly, I am not Bing Crosby, but I am going to say--and all the people in Oklahoma understand this--there may be 99 Senators here playing their games on Christmas, but as Bing said, I'll be home for Christmas and you can be sure of that. You can count on it.  With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  