Speaker, I first of all want to as, I always do on these occasions, thank the staff because in the end they are the ones who have done the very hard work. I want to thank Kevin Cook, I want to thank Scott Burnison, I want to thank Dennis Kern, Tracey La Turner, Rob Pace, Kenny Kraft, Rob Nabors, Dixon Butler, Peder Maarbjerg, Leslie Phillips, and I would also like to add my voice of thanks to Bob Schmidt. Bob has done an incredible job as a staff member of the Committee on Appropriations. As a former staffer myself, I truly appreciate the work everyone has done on this bill, and in this case particularly the work of Bob. It is no surprise to me the quality of work he has done since he is a graduate of the University of the Notre Dame.  The second set of thank you's goes to the gentleman from Ohio (Chairman Hobson). The gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Hobson) and I serve together on the Subcommittee on Defense. As mentioned, this is his first full round with the energy and water bill, and he has done an exceptional job. He has been completely bipartisan. He has been a gentleman. He has made decisions. Our Department of Energy and our energy policy in the United States of America is better off because of the work the gentleman has done on this bill.  I have now served with five chairmen; they have all been very able. They have all done very good work; this is the best bill which has been brought to the floor while I have been a ranking member.  Mr. Speaker, on the substance of the bill, I would want to simply say that I think the committee has done a very good job on the nuclear weapons program. On the issue of water infrastructure, we have done our very best. We have added $377 million, and put back into the process 80 programs that were eliminated by the administration under budget requests. Any failings here are not because of lack of effort by the committee.  Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would like to thank the staff that worked to put this bill together, Bob Schmidt, Kevin Cook, Scott Burnison, Dennis Kern, Tracey La Turner, Rob Pace, Kenny Kraft, Peder Maarbjerg, Leslie Phillips, Rob Nabors, and Dixon Butler, all put in countless hours to produce this fine product.  I would also like to thank my Chairman, Chairman Hobson, who guided the House priorities through a very tough Conference, and led us to produce a very good bill. He has been one of the best Chairmen I have ever work with, and I look forward to working with him in future years.  Now, no bill is perfect Mr. Speaker, but this bill was a product of a truly bipartisan effort. Mark Twain once said that ``Common Sense is not that Common'' but this Conference Report advances some very common sense ideas, and though I don't want to take up much time, I would be remiss if I did not mention a few.  In the area of Nuclear Weapons, this Conference Report directs the Dept. of Energy to focus on management of our aging weapons stockpile before moving forward with new concepts and designs.  The Report fenced two-thirds of the money going to Advanced Concepts, or weapons research, until DOE produces a Nuclear Weapons Stockpile plan. This plan is needed to better deal with our aging war-heads and to dispose of many of those systems. Due to advances in technology many warheads are no longer practical or feasible with current Department of Defense technology and strategies.  In addition, the Conference Report, funds the Modern Pit Facility program and the Robust Nuclear Earth Penetrator (RNEP) or Bunker Buster at, $10M and $7.5M respectively, half of the President's and Senate's Requests in both cases. This is because we should not be looking forward to new weapons until we have a solid plan for the weapons and technology we already have.  Mr. Speaker, we should be especially wary of the nuclear waste stored in many sites across this country in this unfortunate time of terrorist threats. The compromise we came to with the other body, funded the Yucca Mountain Repository at it's highest level ever, $580M, and fully supports the submission of the December 2004 license application. I appreciate the Chairman's leadership on this issue.  Finally, Mr. Speaker our funding for the Corps of Engineers was the best that we could do within the money provided. Many important projects could not be fully funded, completed, or started. This under-funding was not the fault of the Chairman or this committee, which funded the Corps approximately $377 million over the President's Request and restored approximately 80 ongoing studies that the Administration did not include in their budget. Unfortunately, this Administration, and previous Administrations, in a bipartisan failure, have not made the infrastructure of this country a priority.  Currently, the Corps O program reflects a high priority backlog of $1 billion and an additional $1.9 billion in unfunded work. Though the conference report added $29 million to the President's request, we are still behind.  For on going construction, the backlog was $44 Billion for FY 2002 and $45 billion in FY 2003. The Conference Report added $372 million to the President's request of $1.35 billion to help this situation; this is just a drop in the bucket, and I suspect this backlog will continue to grow in FY 2004.  We need to invest in our future, by creating jobs, advancing the efficiency of commerce and transportation, while improving the environmental outlook and quality of life for people in this country. This can all be done through better investment in our domestic infrastructure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  