H.R. 1528, from my perspective, and in its current form, does not adequately address the needs of tens of thousands of workers who have lost their health benefits. I believe that section 309 would, in fact, hurt retirees by rolling back consumer protections currently in place. I do think it is unacceptable to now constrict the number of individuals eligible for health care tax credits.  The motion to recommit is based on title I of H.R. 1999, which has 111 bipartisan co-sponsors; and I believe title I represents a positive proactive solution to the health care problems retirees and other workers who have lost their jobs face. The motion to recommit builds upon the progress we made in the Trade Promotion Authority in this area. It does not create a new health area tax credit. It does not create a new Federal program; but rather, it removes obstacles in the current program to include more individuals, individual U.S. citizens who need assistance. The motion lowers the eligibility age from the current age of 55 to 50. The motion to recommit also allows spouses to receive the tax credit if they would otherwise be eligible and the recipient is over 64 years of age and receiving Medicare. Currently spouses of eligible individuals can receive the health care tax credit only while the eligible individual is between the ages of 55 and 64.  And, finally, it allows the last 3 months of health care before TAA qualification or the PBGC takeover to count as a 3-month preexisting coverage requirement. Currently an eligible individual must pay full price for health care for 3 months before receiving the health care tax credit.  This measure will help retirees from a wide range of industry, including textiles, airline mechanics, and other manufacturing firms whose pensions, including 2,800 firms, have been taken over by the PBGC.  While many industry employees who have lost their jobs will be benefited, the industry I am most familiar with is the United States steel industry. Since 1998, 208,000 steelworkers have lost their health insurance; 51,000 of them are ineligible for Medicare. Many of these individuals are simply unable to afford health insurance at full cost, leaving them without modest health care coverage.  This is not free coverage. I just want to ensure that retirees that were hurt by unfair trade or other circumstances beyond their control economically get back just a little bit of what they used to have that was taken away from them.  I testified before the Committee on Rules 2 days ago on this measure wanting to offer an amendment, and onequestion asked of me is, is there a cost? And I would respond to that question by saying there is a cost. There is a cost in doing nothing. In yesterday's Post Tribune from Gary Indiana, there was a headline that said more than 10,000 Bethlehem and LTD retirees find themselves without health insurance.  Let me talk about one lucky individual, a gentleman who retired from Bethlehem Steel within the last year who had to make a decision about whether or not he would keep his health care from Bethlehem Steel or secure it through a public job that he had in Porter County, Indiana. Larry Sheets made the decision to take the insurance with a public entity in Porter County, Indiana. At the time, I thought he was wrong because of the health care provided by the company. After Mr. Sheets made his decision and after Bethlehem Steel had their health care canceled, he developed leukemia and within the last several weeks was released from Northwestern Hospital. He is alive today because he had health insurance. If he had decided the other way, to keep his health care from Bethlehem Steel, he would not have had any health care when he developed leukemia, and he would not be back from the hospital today. He would be dead.  There is a cost in doing nothing. We have a government to help people who through no fault of their own have developed a problem, and I would hope that we still retain in this Chamber and in this country a heart that is generous and willing to help our citizens when they need it.  Mr. McCRERY. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit.  