Speaker, I want to join my colleagues in asking all of the House to support this resolution on behalf of a great American, a true Hoosier, and an outstanding public servant, that is, the former Indiana Congressman, Frank McCloskey. Frank devoted his life to serving people, whether it was in the military service of our country, whether it was as a mayor, whether it was as a Member of Congress, or subsequently as a private citizen. He was a man of great passion over those things that mattered to him and those things that mattered to people who could least defend and protect themselves.  Frank McCloskey was a noble man engaged in noble work, and he was a man of courage. The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Hill) mentioned he was courageous to the last breath that he took. He was always courageous in the words he spoke and in the actions he took in the House of Representatives. Frank did come to Congress in 1983, and he served his district with distinction for 12 years. He was passionate about helping working families, their children and their parents.  It is also said, and it is certainly true, that Frank was as much at home in the coal mines of southern Indiana as he was in the halls of Congress. Frank authored legislation for children to make sure that companies could not send free samples of drugs or cleaning products through the mail without child safety caps. In 1990, he authored other legislation against deceptive practices.  But subsequent to his public service in the United States Congress, he acted most nobly when he took great interest in humanitarian issues worldwide. He was one of the first U.S. public servants to visit Bosnia when it was embroiled in warfare and ethnic cleansing. He successfully brought the suffering to the attention of the American people, our government, and championed humanitarian intervention; and he continued that work throughout his life.  In 2002, Frank was named director of the Kosovo Programs for the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs, where he taught other leaders from around the globe how to govern democratically. I would close by again reflecting on Mr. McCloskey's courage, courage of his convictions, of his life, and of his commitment to everyone.  