Speaker, I first came to know Senator Birch Bayh following his election to the United States Senate in 1962, through my father, John Visclosky, the former Mayor of Gary, IN. My father has always had a deep respect and strong feelings towards Senator Bayh. Later, as a Member of Congress, I have always considered Senator Birch Bayh a friend and a mentor. As a citizen, I am grateful that he chose a life of public service.  We will forever be served by Senator Bayh through the two changes he authored to, what I consider one of the greatest documents ever written, the Constitution. Senator Bayh amended the document first by authoring the Twenty-Fifth Amendment, which created an orderly transition of power in the case of the death or disability of the President and a method of selecting a Vice President when a vacancy occurs in that office. Later, Senator Bayh authored the Twenty-Sixth Amendment, which lowered the voting age from 21 to 18 years old. To think of Birch Bayh improving this document not once but twice is breathtaking, but expected from such a unique person. The structure of the Constitution had not been so impacted by a single lawmaker since its creation by the founding fathers.  Throughout his career, Senator Bayh always remembered that he was working for the people, especially those who were never given a fair chance in life. Senator Bayh fought hard for those who wanted an honest days work at a living wage in order to support their families. For instance, he fought hard and was successful in obtaining crucial funding for a railroad track rehabilitation program that put thousands of unemployed workers back on the job, and improved our nation's infrastructure.  Senator Bayh is a person who developed every talent that God gave him to serve others and is a person of deep compassion and caring. He is also a person who never lost his perspective on life, is fun to be with, and who can always make you laugh. My father would describe Senator Bayh as a ``100 percent guy.'' I would too, and I congratulate him on this great honor.  