Speaker, for the past 50 years, the Agriculture Research Service, or ARS as they are better known, has performed indispensable agriculture research across the country, including in the Congressional District I represent. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize ARS in honor of their 50th anniversary as the U.S. Department of Agriculture's main research authority.  From improving food safety to protecting crops and livestock, ARS has proved itself invaluable throughout the past 50 years. As the Department of Agriculture's research arm, they have been able to translate their raw data into profitability for farmers and lower costs for consumers. ARS has formed lasting partnerships with Universities throughout the nation, and has done so at Purdue University since 1965 when they released their first nationwide soil erosion-prediction equation. ARS maintains top-notch Crop Production and Pest Control, Livestock Behavior, and National Soil Erosion Laboratory units at Purdue. ARS, in conjunction with Purdue, continues to stay on the leading edge of agricultural research. Just this summer, they released their cutting edge Water Erosion Prediction Project over the Internet with software known as GeoWEPP.  From this research station, individuals such as Larry Dunkle, Donald Lay, and Darrell Norton have been able to study the agricultural dynamic of Northwest Indiana. They have all contributed a fundamental service to Northwest Indiana as well as the rest of the state, and their service with the ARS is indeed recognized and deeply appreciated. The agricultural community of Northwest Indiana has counted on their contributions of ARS for 50 years now, and that strong partnership will continue into the future.  Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me as I congratulate ARS and its researchers on their 50th anniversary by supporting S.J. Res. 22. I would further like to express my gratitude for their service to the agricultural community. Their accomplishments speak volumes, and I thank them for their vital public service.  