 President, in the article, which appeared on the front page of the Post on Wednesday, June 30, a woman tells of how she and other women were gang raped by six janjaweed militia men as they went out to gather fuel for fire. ``They grabbed my donkey and my straw and said `Black girl, you are too dark. You are like a dog. We want to make a light baby. . . .' '' They said ``You get out of this area and leave the child when it's made.'' If that isn't inflicting mental and bodily harm on a group, what is?  We know for a fact that the Government of Sudan has prevented the delivery of humanitarian aid such that, as Imentioned before, over 300,000 people--black Africans--will probably die. I would say that qualifies as deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part.  I can not speak to the final two elements. I have not yet heard that the Government or janjaweed have imposed measures intended to prevent births within the group or forcibly transferred children of the group to another group. However, the Convention does not require that all five acts be committed. Any one of the acts qualify as genocide.  Let me make one thing perfectly clear. I completely agree with the Secretary Powell that we must urgently meet the needs of the people of Darfur regardless of whether what is happening is genocide. And the Genocide Convention makes clear that we are to prevent, suppress and punish the crime. So whether one believes what is happening is actual or potential genocide, we are obligated to act.  However, I also believe it is imperative that we acknowledge what is going on. Failure to call the crime what it is and respond fosters a sense of impunity, and emboldens the bad actors in other parts of the world to carry out these sorts of atrocities. I do not believe that the argument I and others are making about whether or not what is going on is genocide is academic, or misses the point about the necessity of helping those suffering in Sudan.  U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan visited Darfur at the end of June as well. The United Nations and the Government of Sudan issued a joint communique in which the Government agreed to allow unfettered access of assistance and to disarm the janjaweed. The bill Senator DeWine and I have introduced puts pressure on Khartoum to make good on the promises it has made.  The bill requires the President to certify 30 days from its enactment and every 90 days thereafter whether or not the Government of Sudan has made credible, sincere and genuine efforts to demobilize and disarm the janjaweed, and allowed truly free access to Darfur, without using red tape as a way to prevent aid delivery.  The Government is subject to three different types of sanctions 120 days after the bill becomes law unless that certification is made. First, senior members of the military and Government in Khartoum as well as their families will have any U.S. held assets frozen, and be denied entry into the United States. Second, prohibitions on assistance in this year's appropriations bill will remain in place beyond the end of the fiscal year.   Finally, unless the President issues this certification, the sanctions that are part of the original Sudan Peace Act are triggered: Our representatives to the multilateral development banks are directed to use their voice and vote to oppose any loans to Sudan. The President is asked to consider downgrading our diplomatic representation to Sudan, and directed to seek a UN Security Council Resolution to impose an arms embargo on Sudan and to deny Khartoum oil revenue.  As a further means of pressuring the Government of Sudan, the bill takes the extra steps of prohibiting the normalization of relations between the Government of Sudan and the United States and the disbursement of any U.S. funds to support a comprehensive north-south agreement unless the President certifies in six months the Government of Sudan has stopped attacking civilians, demobilized and disarmed the janjaweed, ceased harassing aid workers, and cooperated with the deployment of the African Union ceasefire monitoring team. And for every 6 months the government of Sudan continues its reign of terror in Darfur, the amount that otherwise would have been available to support the north-south peace agreement--$800 million--is reduced by $50 million.  Perhaps the most important piece of this bill is an authorization for $200 million to provide much needed relief for the people of Darfur. The money is offered with no strings attached. The needs on the ground in Darfur and Chad are urgent and we must respond quickly and robustly without conditions or caveats.  I hope my colleagues will support this bill, as it provides both help for Sudanese civilians affected by war in western Sudan and an incentive for Khartoum to stop the violence and allow the international community to assist the victims of what our own Government has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.  I yield the floor.  