 President, I am today in support of H.R. 854, the Belarus Democracy Act. Alexander Lukashenka, President of Belarus, is the last remaining dictator in Europe. After orchestrating an illegal and unconstitutional referendum in November 1996, enabling him to impose a newconstitution, abolish the duly-elected parliament, and install a largely powerless national assembly, he has progressively abolished the previously existing democracy in that country.  Belarusian authorities under Lukashenka's control have mounted a major systematic crackdown on civil society through the closure, harassment, and repression of non-governmental organizations and independent trade unions. Three leaders of the democratic forces in Belarus--Victor Gonchar, Anatoly Krasovsky, and Yuri Zakharenka--and one critical journalist, Dmitry Zavadsky, have disappeared and are presumed dead. Former Belarus Government officials have made credible allegations, with evidence, that officials of the Lukashenka regime were involved in the disappearances. Lukashenka's administration has repressed freedom of speech and expression, has reversed the revival of Belarusian language and culture, and has harassed religious groups.  The Government of Belarus has made no substantive progress in addressing criteria established in 2000 by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to end repression and the climate of fear, permit functioning independent media, ensure transparency of the election process, and strengthen the functions of parliament. The campaign for the parliamentary elections to be held October 17 has not been fair. Lukashenka has also added a referendum to the ballot to eliminate term-limits for the presidency so that he can run again in 2006.  H.R. 854, the Belarus Democracy Act, authorizes funds to assist in the observation of elections and the promotion of free and fair electoral processes; the development of democratic political parties; radio and television broadcasting to and within Belarus; the development of non-governmental organizations promoting democracy and supporting human rights; the development of independent media within Belarus and from outside the country; international exchanges and professional training programs for leaders and members of the democratic forces; and other activities consistent with the purposes of the Act.  Like most other legislation, this bill is not perfect. I would have preferred even stronger legislation. In fact, I had prepared such legislation, which I planned to introduce in the form of an amendment to the State Department Authorization legislation if it had reached the Senate floor. My bill would have authorized, with specific numbers, increased funding for the activities described above; would have streamlined and tightened controls on exports to Belarus; and would have imposed visa bans on Lukashenka and his inner circle.  Unfortunately, for unrelated reasons, the State Department Authorization bill has not been brought up, and there is no time in the closing days of the 108th Congress to introduce my legislation as a free-standing bill.  Nonetheless, I strongly support H.R. 854. It makes unmistakably clear to President Lukashenka and his cohorts that the United States strongly disapproves of his brutal authoritarian rule and that we intend to continue to oppose him. Lukashenka is an anachronism in twenty-first century Europe and is surely destined for the ash-heap of history. The Belarus Democracy Act may hasten this process. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 854.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the Record.  