 The facts are that he brought a budget to the floor of the Senate that is over $430 billion, and some believe it is over $500 billion in deficits. I agree with my friend that we should be careful about putting in entitlements. Entitlements, in a sense, if you think about the effect on the budget--I know the Presiding Officer is a former Governor--there are two types of expenditures: direct expenditures and tax expenditures.  My friend also wants to essentially, in layman's terms, make an entitlement of the tax cuts; in other words, make them permanent. They do not want to make permanent the ability of veterans to have what this amendment calls for. I understand that. It is a logical argument. I do not begrudge that. I think it is an intelligent argument to make.  I want to point out this is about values and priorities. If you want to know what a country values, if you want to know what a company values, if you want to know what a nonprofit values, look at its budget, and you will know. You will know what it values, on what it puts the highest value.  I can understand one can make the argument, and there is truth to the argument, that tax cuts spur the economy, everything gets better, and it works out better. I got all that. Believe it or not, after 30 years here, I figured that out, and there is some truth to it. Really, this is a values debate, not wanting to put something permanently into the law that is an entitlement in the case of what veterans now and in the future would be entitled to. It is not a lot different fundamentally in its effect on the actual budget, the numbers in the budget, than essentially making permanent tax cuts from now infinitum. And they are big numbers.  Again, the disagreement is real, genuine, and intellectually is defensible, but it is a difference of perspective. The reason the Senator from Delaware comes to the floor, very seldom my colleagues will notice, is that in this case, when you think about a budget that I voted against--I do not support the budget, I do not support the priorities within the budget by the Budget Committee--to turn around and say that when I vote not to sustain a point of order that somehow I am the one increasing the budget, it is a little bit like my saying to you: Here is the deal. What we are going to do in the family, we are going to have one car, drive it 22 miles a week, and not drive it any further than that. We are not going to turn the thermostat up over 60 degrees. And, by the way, we are going to build a new swimming pool in the backyard.  If I do not get a vote on that--it seems to me when I come along and say we should be able to drive the car to church more often because the kids are not going to church because the church is 14 miles away, we should have more money for gas in the car, we should not have built the swimming pool--we do not get a chance to do that.  I get a budget, which is legitimate, shoved on me because you guys run the show, the Republicans run the show. I got that. I understand it. I do not complain about that. More people voted for Republican Senators than Democratic Senators. But the idea that somehow when I suggest we should have a different priority and seek to change the budget I am busting the budget when, in fact, what has happened is the priorities that the chairman of the Budget Committee has placed in the budget--and very successfully, and he has led that committee very successfully and he has led it unanimously; there are no diversions on his side from what he proposes--is a little bit disingenuous in terms of the average person listening to this.  It is as if I have to accept we are building a swimming pool instead of providing more gas in the car to get the kids to church. So I want to get more gas in the car to get the kids in church. I do not want to build a swimming pool. I do not want to do that.  The only vehicle I have as a Senator is to vote for changing the budget that I do not want. What these are attached to is we say: What you put down in the budget, these tax cuts and the way they work and you are seeking to make them permanent, all those things, they are not my priorities. So the way I want to pay for that is I do not want to build a swimming pool.  Now, you have built a swimming pool, but what I do not want to do is keep it open because it costs me a lot of money to keep it open. The money I can save by not filling the pool, not having a pool service come, not having to buy the chlorine, not having to buy the equipment is enough money for me to get the gas to get the kids to church on Sunday. That is what I want to do. That is what I am doing here.  The fact is, the difference between 1993 and now is we are at war. My friend will say a lot of veterans who are going to benefit from this proposal are ones who are not at war now. One of the things we are trying to do in an All-Volunteer Army is make it more appealing for people to get into the service, to stay in the service, so that, in fact, when they volunteer to get in this Army, there are benefits that flow from it. They make enough sacrifices already in this Volunteer Army.  We had trouble getting money early for bulletproof vests for these guys. I was just in Iraq, and I met a young man in Kuwait. Our generals introduced him to us. We had dinner, and they said: These are the heroes; these are the kids who drive the transport trucks from Kuwait City all the way up to Baghdad. Do my colleagues know what they are doing because we have not provided them what they need? They have been given the authority to augment their vehicles any way they want. I was joking with them. A lot of them are becoming spot welders. They are literally getting scrap metal and welding it to their vehicles. They are given the authority to do what they want because they are getting shot dead.  We were out there, and these kids were on this incredibly dangerous mission. We said: Do the mission, but we realize you have to improvise.  So they are telling me: I got this piece of steel, and I put it on my side door and welded it on. What I wanted to do was get some underneath so that when the bombs blow up, they don't blow through the seat. It is amazing.  My point is, we are asking these kids to do all this. Right now in category 7 and 8, there are 400,000 veterans seeking VA help who are told: Don't apply. To the best of my knowledge--I do not claim to have a real expertise in this area--but there are 90,000 veterans under the present system waiting for admission to get into veterans hospitals, and there are 40,000 who wait 2 to 6 months just to get a doctor to sign off on them qualifying to get prescriptions from their local VA hospital at the lower price.  Whether or not this proposal that has been put forward is the answer to any of this, I cannot guarantee, but there issomething wrong in Denmark. Something is wrong here. Something is not working. If you wonder if I am telling the truth, go home and ask your Democratic- or Republican-registered veterans. Ask them if they are happy with the way things are working right now. Find out how many of those 400,000 people are told do not apply, and 90,000 are trying to get into the hospital.  Again, I acknowledge, based on the fact we decided to build a swimming pool in this budget instead of doing this, this will increase the deficit. I got it. Just like the administration budget initially proposed did not even include money for Iraq. Does anybody think $25 billion is going to get us through next year in Iraq? Raise your hand. Come to the floor and tell me. Anybody. I want you to stand here and go on record and say: I believe that $25 billion is going to cover the nut in Iraq and Afghanistan for next year.  Let's get a little truth in budgeting here. I understand the Senator. I got it. I respect him. He has made a basic value judgment. He believes very strongly--and there is some evidence for his belief--that if, in fact, we have these massive tax cuts, the bulk of which go to the wealthiest, it will, in fact, trickle down. He will argue--and there is some evidence to it--that some of it has already started to happen, and the best way to help veterans, poor folks, IDEA folks, and all those folks is get the economy roaring. That will bring in more revenue. I got it. That is a legitimate argument. But the basic fundamental argument we have is the die are not even cast. The table has been set, and I either sit down and sup at the table when I do not like the menu and refrain from trying to change the menu, or I attempt to change the menu.  So this notion that the VA health care system is in good shape, that we have done so much for veterans--which we have done more--we are creating a whole heck of a lot more veterans now, a whole heck of a lot more, and the need is going to increase more because we are at war and we are likely to be at war for a while.  Again, I do not want to belabor the point. I respect my friend, the chairman of the Budget Committee. I respect the fact he has little choice but to ask us to vote for a budget that is already, by his standards, $435 billion or so out of whack. I respect that.  I respect the fact that he believes, notwithstanding the fact that his own outfit points out a significant portion of that deficit last year and this year relates to the tax cuts, we will earn it all back; we will be able to cut the deficit because of the economic growth and all of that. I have that. But I have also been through this once before. I went through this once before in the Reagan era. It did not work then. Reagan came back and raised taxes. I do not think it is going to work now.  I will yield the floor with one final comment.  