 President, I thank my colleagues for their support of S. Con. Res. 83, a resolution that I introduced in support of the establishment of a Democracy Caucus within the United Nations. In particular, I thank Senators Lugar, Hagel, Lieberman, and Coleman for their co-sponsorship of this resolution. I also want to thank Chairman Lugar for permitting the resolution to come to the floor today.  I am pleased that the Bush administration also supports the establishment of a U.N. Democracy Caucus, and that significant progress was made on this front in Geneva at this year's Commission on Human Rights. In particular, Peru, Romania, East Timor, Poland, Chile, South Korea, India and Italy have been very engaged in collaborative democracy-promotion initiatives. I am encouraged by such joint efforts. The broader the international support for a caucus, the more effective it will be.  The establishment of a U.N. Democracy Caucus is not merely a project supported by Congress and the State Department. It is also endorsed by a broad-based coalition of U.S.-based organizations and advocacy groups such as Freedom House, Human Rights Watch, the American Jewish Committee, the American Bar Association and the Council for Community of Democracies. I also thank them for their work and advocacy on this issue.  The idea of establishing a Democracy Caucus within the United Nations makes extraordinary good sense. The basic principal is this: democratic nations share common values, and should work together at the United Nations to promote those values. We will be more effective in doing so.  Working together with like-minded nations in the United Nations and other multilateral organizations is a logical and practical way to conduct foreign policy. We build coalitions in American politics, in legislatures across the land and here in the Congress. Similarly, we should build coalitions of like-minded states in the United Nations, particularly to bolster global democratic principles, advance human rights, and promote international security and stability.  The administration has recently re-discovered the virtues of working in cooperation with other nations at the United Nations. There we are just one nation, though a very powerful one. We only have one vote, whether in the General Assembly or the Security Council. Other democratic states should be natural allies on manyissues; a caucus of democracies will facilitate such cooperation. Forging a coalition of democracies is not merely a statement that nations have shared values; it is a hard-headed diplomatic approach. By joining forces to make common cause, the democracies can be more effective in the U.N. and other world bodies.  The unanimous passage of this resolution demonstrates the strong support of the Senate for the creation of a Democracy Caucus. I hope the Senate's action gives democracy-building efforts in the United Nations an important boost to this idea. I thank my colleagues within and outside the Senate for supporting this resolution.  