 As many of us, I have known Jack for a lot of years, and I have an inordinately high regard for him. The one point I continue to marvel at, but I am not at all surprised at, is that he keeps answering the call. Every tough job he is asked to do--in or out of government--he steps up to the plate and he does it. I think having Jack Danforth at the United Nations is going to be a very positive thing.  People say we should have professional diplomats. Jack Danforth is a professional diplomat. Jack Danforth is the ultimate professional diplomat. Jack Danforth knows how people think. From his years as an ordained minister, as a Senator, and an attorney general of his State, he knows how people think and feel and move. But, Madam President, do you know what I like best about Jack Danforth going to the United Nations? He will be absolutely straight--absolutely straight.  I have an incredibly high regard for Ambassador Negroponte, for whom I voted to become Ambassador to Iraq, probably the toughest job in the bag these days. This is not meant as a reflection on Ambassador Negroponte. But Jack Danforth has the stature to go to the President and say: Mr. President, I disagree; I think you should not. Or ``I would recommend the following.'' He has the stature, just because of who Jack Danforth is--just because he knows. There are some men and women who just possess it. He possesses it. He has the stature. We know the expression, ``command presence.'' Jack Danforth has command presence. What makes me feel good is the President is going to get unvarnished advice from Jack. Jack is a team player. Jack is a supporter of the President. Jack feels strongly that the President's mission is correct. But Jack will also, if he disagrees, not hesitate one minute to, in my view, privately tell the President. I think every President is best served when he has women and men around him with the conviction to tell the President honestly what they think.  When you walk into that White House, when you walk into that Oval Office, it is an intimidating place if you do not walk in with your shoulders back, your head up, and understand what your responsibility is. That is the quality in Jack that I am excited about in his going to the United Nations.  He also has stature, in my view, to turn to the French or Chinese or British Ambassadors, for example, and privately say: Look, cut this stuff this is what we have to get done. This is how we should try to work this.  I think stature matters in this job--at this moment, at this time, and in this administration. I think Jack Danforth has always stepped up to the critical moments in recent history. As the June 30 deadline for transfer of sovereignty in Iraq occurs very shortly, Iraq is one of many urgent issues on the United Nations agenda. There are many others: Sudan, Afghanistan, Haiti, just to name three.  The administration seems to have finally discovered the virtue of the United Nations. That sounds like a bit of a snide remark for me to stand here and say that the administration ``finally discovered.'' But literally, I say ``finally,'' because this administration ran for office and came to office expressing verbally, in writing and in their actions--it would be extreme to say ``disdain'' but not a particularly high regard for the United Nations. However, since then, the President has honored the United Nations by going to it and making clear America's position on the most urgent issues of the day.  Now the administration is back in the United Nations with both feet and is trying to rally international support in a way that, quite frankly, I hoped and wished we had done a year ago, or longer.  The reason I mention this is not to highlight when the administration should or should not have done it. I mention returning to the United Nations because it coincides with Jack Danforth being at the helm there. I think that his being there is good for this country. The administration, in its successful and unanimous vote on Security Council Resolution 1546 on June 11, moved in a direction in which it had been hesitant to move, in my view, before. That is good news because we have squandered a number of meaningful opportunities to share the burden in Iraq. I hope we do not miss any more. I know Senator Danforth's leadership can make a real difference on that front.  Last weekend, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Senator Daschle, the Democratic leader from South Dakota, and I traveled to Iraq, Kuwait, and Jordan. The trip confirmed to me that turning over sovereignty on June 30 in Iraq is a starting point. It is not a turning point in the transition to self-government. I remain absolutely convinced that we can still get this right in Iraq and that we have to try because of the profound stakes we have in a successful transition. There is so much to lose if it fails.  We have to start leveling with the American people about what is and what is not happening on June 30. We are handing over sovereignty, but we are not handing over capacity. That is not a criticism. It is not as if we should be in a position to be able to hand over capacity. I think we could have been in a position to hand over much more, but it is not a criticism.  By ``capacity,'' I mean the ability of the Iraqis to provide security for themselves, to defend their borders, to defeat insurgency, to deliver services, to run a government, and to begin to set a foundation for economic success. What is so frustrating is that because of a series of very wrong judgments, we lost at least a year in effectively building that capacity. As a result, we have made an inherently difficult mission even harder.  If there is anyplace where humility is in order, it is in suggesting how we should proceed in Iraq. I remember when the distinguished chairman, Senator Hagel, and I visited Iraq last August and we sat with Ambassador Bremer. My friend may remember my looking at Ambassador Bremer in the only room in that whole facility that had air-conditioning and saying: Mr. Ambassador, I want to make it clear to you I think if the Lord Almighty came down and sat in the middle of this conference table and gave you the precise answer to the next 20 critical decisions you have to make, we still only have a 65-percent chance of getting this right.  Nobody has ever done this before. The Ottomans could not get it done. The Persians could not get it done. The Brits could not get it done. And they are not even dealing with what the country is today. Iraq is a polyglot made up of essentially what was left over in the region of three groups of noble people.  The fact is, this is a hard job by any standard. The central question is what we can do between June 30 when the sovereignty is handed over, and December of 2005 when a constitutionally elected Iraqi government is supposed to be seated. What can we do in that interim to help build that government that will be seated in December 2005? What can we do to help build the capacity for it to stand on its own? I think this should not be the sole responsibility of the United States.  The international community, through a unanimous vote on Security Council Resolution 1546, made clear that Iraq is the world's problem. All of the Security Council voted in favor of that. They voted for elements of the whole. One of the elements, for example, just to note parenthetically, says that there will be provided a brigade, 4,000 troops, to protect the U.N. when they go back in. What was not stated is who will provide the troops.  There are many other elements that the unanimous resolution laid out in the Security Council. The Permanent Five, and other members of the Security Council signed on. They did not just sign on saying the United States can stay. They signed on saying that Iraq is the world's responsibility.  The reason I go into this is to describe that it is going to take a man of Jack Danforth's stature--while we are working it from State, while Negroponte is working it from Baghdad, while the President is working from the White House--to work out the problem of how we get the world's major powers, Iraq's neighbors, and leading international institutions such as NATO, to pick up empowering the Iraqis to govern.  In a nutshell, I believe we are going to have to, and Senator Danforth is going to have to play a part in getting other nations to help us train and equip Iraqi security services--including the police and the army--commit to defeat the insurgency, and provide security for Iraqi elections, which is going to require a surge of forces, not a reduction of forces. They should not all be U.S. military forces. The rest of the world has to get in on the deal, preferably with NATO and other foreign troops.  We need civil affairs experts from our allies, and more special forces and intelligence assets from America. Wehave to provide, as called for in UN Security Council Resolution 1546, a special brigade, ideally from NATO, to protect the U.N. mission in Iraq, whose presence is critical for successful elections.  I know the Presiding Officer knows this but maybe not all of our colleagues have not focused on this: Thousands of polling places are going to have to open up. There are going to be U.N. people going into villages and going into towns throughout Iraq, over the next 6 months, to set up for the first election. That is going to be dangerous business. You have Zarqawi and others announcing that they are going to try to kill not only the interim government, but anybody who participates in making this work. So we need to assist the U.N. in doing its job--which is essential for our ultimate exit strategy--which is to support a secure Iraqi government--secure within its borders, not a threat to its neighbors, and not harboring weapons of mass destruction or terrorists.  How do we get from here to there? Jack, Senator Danforth, is going to have his hands full. We have to deploy an army of technical experts, primarily from other countries, to help Iraq run its government, and deliver essential services like electricity, water, and sanitation. By the way, I am not just talking about the major projects. The Russians pulled back from what seemed to them a pretty good contract, a contract to go out there and build electrical power capacity. Their folks were getting shot and killed, so they pulled back.  But there are thousands of little projects that are going to determine whether we succeed or fail in Iraq. One of the most impressive commanders I have met, and I spent a couple of hours with him in a briefing--is the Commander of the First Cavalry, an incredibly proud unit.  He said to all of us: Senators, look, I leave my tanks back in America. My tank drivers are now infantrymen. My infantrymen I had associated with this are now engineers.  On his big screen during this briefing he showed us Humvees. He has Sadr City as his responsibility. He showed Humvees going through sewage literally up to their hubcaps.  There is a company out in California that has done a remarkable job. It has created overlays for a number of things, such as utilities, that you would think were disparate and had nothing to do with one another. The overlays show where the greatest physical needs are, in terms of pollution and water problems, for example. Then the company overlaid, on top of that grid, a diagram of where the most fighters are coming from, and where the most terror is coming from.  This commander of the First Cavalry said: Take a look. In the places where we have gone in and done relatively small projects, such as getting potable water to homes, I don't have people coming out of and killing my guys and women. He said, Do you know what I need? I need a better mix of troops--not better troops but a better mix of troops and capability. He said there is about $450 million worth of projects that he has agreed and laid on, in Sadr City.  This is a commander who can shoot straight and kill. This is a serious guy. He said: You help me clean up the sewer, I will clean up Sadr City and I will get us peace in that area.  We have a lot of needs. The U.N. resolution, in my view, signs on the international community. Now it is time for them to sign up to take on some of these responsibilities.  The other thing we have to do, in which Senator Danforth is going to have to play a major part, is insist that other countries follow through on their financial pledges for more assistance, and demand that they provide significant debt relief. As a matter of fact, as my colleague brought up in a very important meeting this morning, we have to get money in there quickly. We can't wait to begin these major projects. We voted for about $18 billion for Iraq to rebuild it. We have spent a pittance of that. It has not been spent. None of it has happened. Less than a half billion dollars, less than $500 million of the $18 billion we appropriated, has been spent on projects. That is tragic. That is not particularly good management, in my view.  Furthermore, Senator Danforth will have to bring other Security Council members together to develop a viable U.N. strategy for dealing with this great tragedy that is occurring in western Sudan. If our U.N. Ambassador doesn't take the lead in the Security Council then, in my view, little is going to happen.  Senator Danforth was called to get involved, and he did a brilliant job in negotiating the north/south crisis in the Sudan. Over the past several years he has worked very hard as a special envoy to support the peace process between the Government of Khartoum and the Sudanese People's Liberation Movement.  With the signing of the last three protocols on May 26, that peace process is on the verge of a success and it is truly a significant achievement for the President and for Senator Danforth. But the impact of that agreement has almost completely been undermined by the horrific attacks on the civilians in Darfur by the Government of Sudan and its allied militias. These attacks have precipitated what the U.N. and U.S. officials call the worst humanitarian crisis in the world today.  We have already witnessed ethnic cleansing on a massive scale. Already as many as 30,000 people have been killed. Mr. Natsios, the administrator of the Agency for International Development, stated 3 weeks ago: ``Under optimal conditions, we could see as many as 320,000 people die'' in Darfur by the end of the year as a result of this violence, disease, and famine.  The U.N. factfinding team:       . . . identified . . . massive human rights violations in      Darfur, perpetrated by the Government of Sudan and its proxy      militia, which may constitute war crimes and/or crimes      against humanity.  I believe it is genocide.  The violations reported by the U.N. include the targeting of civilians during military strikes, the widespread rape of women and girls, destruction of homes, food stores, livestock, crops . . . the razing of villages, forced displacements, and disappearances.  The administration has responded with humanitarian aid and raised the issue of Darfur repeatedly in Khartoum, and the President told us this morning at breakfast that he raised it at the G-8 meeting as well. The U.N. sent teams out to investigate. These are all important steps, but they are not enough. The international community must condemn Khartoum's actions unequivocally. It must insist that Khartoum stop attacks on civilians by government troops and militia, and provide unfettered access to Darfur for humanitarian workers.  I will soon introduce legislation that our U.N. Representative, I hope, will push for in a U.N. Security Council resolution which reimposes sanctions on Khartoum if the attacks in Darfur do not stop. This action may not resolve the situation, but it will help. Senator Danforth knows more about this crisis than I do, and do most of us in this place. I hope he will pursue such a resolution as one of his first actions as Ambassador to the United Nations.  Congress has to do its part. The United States should bring real money to the table to respond to the crisis, rather than empty promises that the money is on the way. I am working on an amendment to the Defense Department appropriations bill that would provide money for Darfur which Mr. Natsios pledged earlier this month the United States will provide. But bilateral action by the United States is not enough. We need our international partners to assist in pursuing Khartoum to stop the terror campaign in Darfur.  There are many other pressing issues facing the United Nations in New York. We have a lot of diplomatic work to do to repair relations. We have a new team at the top in Jack Danforth and, assuming she is also confirmed, his deputy, Anne Patterson. But I think the President has chosen very well.  By himself, Jack Danforth cannot repair relations between the United States and other nations at the U.N. But he said in the confirmation hearing that the reason he finally took the job that he initially didn't want to take is that he saw that as his mission, the single most important thing he could do. A recognition as to how important that belief is, is in and of itself an important message to be sent around the world.  Jack Danforth is the right person at the right moment to help repair thebreach, if the administration is committed to do so. And I am confident with Jack's leadership they will be able to do so.  In closing, I would like to extend my gratitude to Jack Danforth for agreeing to take on this difficult assignment. I thank his wife Sally for supporting him. I know I speak for all of my colleagues on this side of the aisle and, I suspect, although I wouldn't presume, the entire Senate. I speak for all us when I say, Thank you, Godspeed, count on us. I know you can count on the chairman of this committee, Senator Lugar, and me to do all we can to help you make your mission at the United Nations workable and doable.  I yield the floor.  