 President, like a lot of my colleagues this week, I have been visited here in Washington by a number of my constituents.  We get to hear, first hand, about the lives of the people we represent, about how we can help them or hurt them.  As we debated the budget this week, a couple of those meetings really stood out in my mind. When I met with Delaware's League of Local Governments, their top priority was increased funding for public safety and homeland security. These are the mayors and county executives from my State, the public officials closest to the needs of our communities.  They came to tell us that they need more cops on the beat, they need more resources and more attention from us here in Washington to deal with the security of the chemical plants in their towns, to name just one important example.  As they brought this message to us here in Washington, not just to me but to all of us in the Congress, we were presented with this budget resolution, that cuts 30 percent from the support for first responders, the very fire fighters and police officers that we so often pay lip service to. Lip service is all they get from this budget.  I joined with my colleagues in offering an amendment to restore and increase funding for homeland security,in keeping with the message we heard this week from our State and local officials. But that amendment was rejected, because it would have taken a small amount from the tax cuts--just a small amount--from the tax cuts going to those with the top 1 percent of incomes in this country.  I offered an amendment during the budget debate to restore funds cut from the COPS Program, that has put more policemen and women on the streets of towns and cities in Delaware and across the country. This budget, in a false economy, had reduced funding for law enforcement grants by over 60 percent.  My amendment would have restored a billion dollars to the COPS program, the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant, and the Byrne program. And it would have taken an additional 1 billion dollars off of the deficit.  Those amendments were rejected to protect the tax cuts that go to the top 1 percent of income earners in this country. Those are not the priorities of the local government officials who came here this week looking for help to strengthen public safety in their communities.  But that is the top priority of this budget resolution: sacrificing every other priority to avoid shaving barely 1 percent off of a tax cut that will total $690 billion dollars for people in the top 1 percent income level in this country over the next 10 years.  I also had the pleasure of meeting with the American Legion of Delaware this week. It is always moving, and a little humbling, to meet with the men and women who have given so much to this country. But these days, with so many of our troops still in the field, these meetings have even more meaning.  I know that a lot of my colleagues met with their veterans this week, too, and that they heard the same thing I did: health care is their top priority. This budget makes it harder for veterans to get health care, and makes it more expensive.  We offered amendments this week to add $2.7 billion to this budget for veterans' health care, and to pay for it by shaving less than 1 half of 1 percent off of the tax cuts for those in the top 1 percent of income earners in this country. That amendment was rejected, too.  To prevent a tiny reduction in the tax breaks for those who have the most we refused to add funds for veterans' health care.  In the debate this week on the budget resolution we made fundamental choices, and those choices revealed the principles, the values, that will guide us for the rest of this legislative session, and for years to come.  The values in this budget are not those of the local officials who came to see me this week. They are not the values of the veterans who came to town, either. And they are not my values.  When you write a budget, you have to put your money where your mouth is. At the end of the day, you have to be willing to make the choices--you have to set the priorities. And at the end of the day, those priorities, those values, will be written in black and white--and in the gallons of red ink in this budget resolution.  The statement made by this budget is one that I categorically reject, and that I urge my colleagues to reject.  I have to say that the budget resolution that is before us this week is perhaps the most irresponsible, disingenuous, and I have to add, the most callous that I have seen in my time here in the Senate.  This budget resolution, puts us on a track toward historical levels of debt, to be left to our children and grandchildren. This budget resolution slights the most basic responsibilities of our Government, with cuts in homeland security, in education, health care, transportation, clean water, and scientific research, despite growing needs in all of those areas.  This budget resolution will cripple our ability to meet the looming crisis in the Social Security System because it borrows virtually all of the reserves that Social Security is now building up in anticipation of the retirement in just over 10 years of the baby boom generation.  Even borrowing all of those Social Security reserves does not balance this budget. Even cutbacks in heath care, in medical research, in law enforcement, in education won't bring this budget back into balance. These false economies that will cost us more in the future will not bring the budget into balance.  In fact, under this budget, deficits continue to grow and grow, into the future. On paper, this budget claims to reduce the deficit over the next 5 years. There are 2 problems with that claim.  First, the claim that this resolution will reduce the deficit ignores the cost of the continuing war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan, and the continuing war on terrorism. Whatever those costs may be, there is one number that we know for a fact is false, is dead wrong, and that number is zero.  By the estimate of the Congressional Budget Office, those costs could run to $280 billion over the next 10 years.  There is supposedly an allowance in this budget for $30 billion, but that is only a small fraction of what we can expect, and it is not even counted as part of the deficit. If we spend it, it will add to the deficit, but in this resolution, it is not counted, nor is the $250 billion more the CBO expects us to spend.  Millions of Americans are finding out now, and tens of millions will soon find out, that the Alternative Minimum Tax, designed to make sure millionaires did not manage to escape paying tax altogether, is set to fall on middle-class families. It will cost tens of billions of dollars to prevent that from happening. The administration agrees that it needs fixing, too. But this resolution assumes only 1 year of AMT relief, leaving out of the deficit count tens of billions in certain costs over the coming years.  The claim that this resolution reduces the deficit over the next 5 years is based on taking all of the reserves of the Social Security system, reserves that will be needed in the next decade for the largest wave of retirements in our country's history. If you leave that out, the deficit 5 years out will be closer to $550 billion, not the $237 billion they claim.  The other problem with the claim that this resolution will reduce the deficit in the next 5 years, is that the next 5 years, as bad as they are, are not real problem. The real problem our Nation will face lies in the years after that, when the deficits explode, on a collision course with the coming crisis in the Social Security system. It matters little what happens in the next 5 years if we careen into budget collapse in the years that follow.  That is just what this resolution would do. It leaves us on a path to add more than $2 trillion to our debt over the next 10 years.  It demands sacrifice from the middle class, who face rising health care costs and high college tuition payments at a time when job security is shaky, when the search for a new job takes longer and longer, and when we are losing the bedrock manufacturing jobs that have been the foundation of our middle class.  This budget demands sacrifice from everyone, except those Americans who have already been most blessed by the opportunities and advantages offered by this great country. For those Americans, who have received and will receive the lion's share of the recent tax cuts, not a dime of sacrifice will be asked.  Out of a total, 10-year tax cut of over $1.8 trillion, the top one percent will get $690 billion. The average taxpayer in the top 1 percent will get a 10-year tax cut of over half a million dollars. That is what this budget resolution, and the votes we have taken here on the Senate floor, will go to any length to protect. The reason that the rest of us must sacrifice, we are told, is that we face massive deficits. We just don't have enough money.  Like the child who killed his parents, and then begged for mercy because he was an orphan, the majority, who has insisted in the face of exploding deficits on tax cut after tax cut after tax cut, now claims we do not have the money to fund the most basic promises to American citizens.  To make up for those deficits, to pay for those tax cuts, this budget goes after those who are least able to help themselves. Unfortunately, their sacrifices will be in vain because this budget will still leave us with a massive burden of increasing debt. But this budget does not ask for a dime of sacrifice from those who have enjoyed the greatest economic success in this country, and who--on top of their growingwealth and incomes--have been the major beneficiaries of the recent rounds of tax cuts.  Over and over in this debate we have debated amendments to restore cuts in public safety and homeland security, in veterans' health care, in education funding--to keep the many promises to Americans that we have made. To support those priorities that help average Americans, those amendments called for small reductions in the tax cuts going to the top 1 percent of Americans.  We are not talking about cancelling tax cuts for average Americans. And we are not talking about cancelling tax cuts for the wealthiest among us. We are just talking about reducing the already huge tax cuts that they are going to receive.  If this budget resolution is adopted, we will break promises to governors, mayors, school boards, teachers, parents, and children. The No Child Left Behind program will be funded at a level $8.6 billion below what we promised when that law was passed.  If this resolution is adopted, we will leave veterans' health care $2.7 billion below what it is needed to keep our commitment to those who have already given so much--who continue to give so much--to our country.  If this resolution is adopted, we will shortchange the working poor in this country who are doing just what we hoped they would do when we reformed welfare. But the earned income tax credit, that President Reagan himself called the best anti-poverty program we have, will be cut by $3 billion. That program will be cut by $3 billion, because this Senate refused to take a tiny nick out of the tax cuts going to those with an average income of a million dollars a year. This Senate would rather take $3 billion from the working poor than take a tiny fraction from the those who already have so much.  The list goes on. It includes Senator Lieberman's amendment, to provide an additional $7 billion for homeland security. These funds would have helped to secure our ports and our borders and our transportation system, guard against bioterror, and support first responders.  That amendment, that would take a little more than 1 percent of the total tax cut going to the wealthiest 1 percent--leaving them with more than nine-tenths of their tax cut, more than $680 billion--that amendment was rejected.  This budget resolution has one principle and one principle only: protect those tax cuts at any cost, including trillions of dollars in additional deficits and debt.  We know what those cuts will cost us in the future, and how much sacrifice they demand from those who can least afford it, but what have they done for us so far?  I ask my colleagues to remember the first time that President Bush called for tax cuts. That was back in the last presidential campaign, when the economy was booming and the budget was in surplus. He promised us that we could afford huge tax cuts, that were designed to shrink federal revenues, and to prevent the build-up of budget surpluses. Hard is as it to recall, the threat he was most concerned with was that we would balance the budget and then keep on building up surpluses.  Then, as the economy slowed down, he claimed that those same tax cuts would stimulate growth--the tax cuts he designed in the midst of the strongest economic boom our country had ever seen.  When those tax cuts failed to stimulate growth, and as deficits began to expand, virtually wiping out the $5.6 trillion ten-year surplus projected when he came into office, we were told that we needed even more tax cuts. Not only have the deficits continued to grow, but those deficits and the tax cuts that brought them on have done nothing to create jobs.  You have to go all the way back to the Hoover administration to find a record of job losses to rival this one. We have come out of recession, and have restored a respectable level of economic growth, and the stock market has come back to around the levels it reached in 1998. We are 37 months past the last peak in the business cycle, and on those measures things are looking up.  But this recovery is unique in our history. When it comes to jobs--the one real measure of economic health--we are, compared to our experience, 5.4 million jobs behind where we should be. While we have lost 2.4 million jobs over this period, we have also failed to produce new jobs at normal rates.  As the population grows, that means that more and more people are out of work, more than just the 2.4 million who had a job when this administration came into office, and who don't have one now.  In addition, there are millions who should be in the labor force, who have either dropped out and stopped looking, or never entered the labor force--over two and a half million. So while the unemployment rate is officially 5.6 percent, counting those who have despaired of finding work in this economy the rate is actually 7.4 percent.  The reason so many are discouraged from looking for work is clear--the duration of unemployment is the longest in 20 years. The number of people who have exhausted their long-term unemployment benefits is growing. Despite repeated efforts, this Congress has refused to extend long-term unemployment benefits.  Last month, no new private sector jobs were created. None. The small amount of hiring that happened was done by governments, not by the private sector, the only engine for real, sustained economic growth.  We have enacted tax cuts that will cost us $2.3 trillion dollars, counting the extra interest needed because all of that money is borrowed. We have turned balanced budgets, and historically high surpluses, into historically high deficits.  We are still 2.4 million jobs in the hole, by official numbers and millions more jobs short of where we should be this far into an economic recovery.  This resolution shrugs off these sorry facts. It does nothing to change course in the face of these failures. As a matter of fact, this budget resolution will result in higher deficits than no change in current policy. No budget resolution at all would be better than the one before us today. I will vote against it and hope my colleagues will join me.  