 President, I rise to speak to the Negroponte nomination. Let me begin where I end up: I think we owe Ambassador Negroponte and his wife Diana, quite frankly, a debt of gratitude. It takes political courage, physical courage, and moral courage to take on this assignment. I cannot think in my years in the Senate of a circumstance where we have placed an individual into a position where the degree of difficulty in accomplishing his mission has been as high and the stakes as profound as Ambassador Negroponte is being positioned now.  It is unusual, in all my years here of speaking to and voting on the Ambassadorships and positions of the State Department, for me to start off by thanking the nominee for being willing to take on this responsibility.  Although the circumstance we find ourselves in in Iraq, I think, is still redeemable, the degree of difficulty in accomplishing our mission has been made extraordinarily more difficult by the events of the past year and particularly by the revelations of the past several days.  Let me define at the outset once again--and I apologize to my friend and my chairman for having to hear me say this again and again and again and again and again--what I would consider to constitute success, what our mission is. For me--and I have said this from before we went in, and consistently since then--it is leaving the Iraqi people with a representative government of their choosing that is secure within its own borders and poses no threat to its neighbors and does not possess or seek to possess weapons of mass destruction or harbor terrorists. That is difficult but doable. It is my hope that if we are able to help the Iraqi people accomplish that, in time they could build political and economic institutions that we would recognize as a liberal democracy. But I want to make it clear what I believe the test of success or failure is.  Unfortunately, the Negroponte nomination has been swamped by the debate and the crisis we now face in Iraq and in the Middle East. So it is necessary to talk about the policy in Iraq more than about the personality of the individual we are about to put in place to carry out American policy.  As complicated as Iraq seems, in one sense it is fairly simple. We have three basic options as a nation. One, we can continue to try to seek the objective I have stated, or even a broader objective of liberal democratization on the western model as some in the administration state, by ourselves in the hope that more of the same of we have been prescribing will bring about success.  Or we can conclude--as some have in this body, although they have refrained from stating it; as some have in the American public, and they have stated it; and as some serious press people and political pundits and think-tank types have--that this is not doable, meaning the objective I stated, and that we should figure out how, as rapidly as possible, to leave Iraq before it implodes.  There is a third option, which seems to me the only rational option, notwithstanding the fact that the degree of difficulty has increased; and that is, we can get the Iraqi people more engaged and the world's major powers to help us invest in helping the Iraqi people accomplish the goal of self-government. Nothing, in my view, from this point on will be easy--nothing. Not a single aspect of this undertaking will be easy.  The chairman and I, from different perspectives, independently have been characterized as critics of administration policy. We both voted for this. We both, in differing degrees, but I think on balance in agreement, laid out--this is not 20/20 hindsight--how difficult we thought the task would be before we went in, and the predicates that should have been laid down to increase the prospects of success before we went in, and have independently, together and with others, from the moment we went in, met privately, publicly, within the committee and through our personal relationship, with administration officials and others, argued for a different approach or a ratcheting up of the effort in Iraq in a way that could and would allow for legitimacy for whatever government came forward and more security on the ground. Because security is a precondition, in my view, for getting the Iraqi people into a position where they are willing to take the risk--and there will be risk--of raising their heads in an effort to form a government that is not an Iranian model and not a strongman model.  This has been made more difficult by the fact that, in my view--speaking for myself only--we have squandered every opportunity since the statue of Saddam was pulled down by ropes. Since that moment we have squandered every major opportunity we have had to get this endeavor on the right track. I want to make clear for anyone who is listening that an incredibly large dose of humility is in order for anyone who stands and suggests that they know the answer in Iraq. I am not suggesting that I know with any degree of certainty whether the prescription that I and others laid out in detail in July, August and September the year before we went to war, in innumerable speeches and presentations on the Senate floor and other places since we went to war, whether if had every single thing that I and others had suggested been done, I could guarantee the American public I am certain we would succeed.  This is an incredible undertaking. There has been no time in the history of the modern nation state where what we are attempting to do in that region of the world has succeeded.  As I said to Ambassador Bremer, when Mr. Talwar and I were there a few months after Saddam fell: ``Mr. Ambassador, I want you to understand that I believe if the Lord Almighty came down and gave you the absolute correct answer to the first 20 major decisions you have to make, you still only have a 65 percent of getting this right.''  I want to make clear, I understand this is a difficult deal. I understand that mistakes would be made no matter who had been President, no matter who had been in charge. But I do think we put ourselves in a position where we started off this occupation having made three very fundamental mistakes that have to be corrected.  One, we can correct. I believe the administration significantly exaggerated the imminence of the threat posed by Saddam, thereby squandering an opportunity to build the international consensus we needed, not to win the war but secure the peace. Committee reports we wrote, Democrats and Republicans in the committee, repeatedly started off saying: We do not need international help to win the war, but it will be essential in winning the peace.  As a consequence of the exaggeration of the threat in terms of how imminent it was, we squandered the opportunity to isolate the French and the Germans, who I believe were taking advantage of President Bush's misstatements and/or mistakes--unfairly taking advantage. We lost and squandered the opportunity to isolate them and, as a consequence of that, at the same time to generate much broader international support so when we did go, there was a genuine coalition; that there was more legitimacy for the undertaking from the outset.  The second serious mistake we made is going in with too few forces, squandering the opportunity to wipe out the Republican Guard, to prevent looting and street crime, to secure nearly 1 million tons of weapons that are now being used against our troops that were left in open depots, to avoid a security vacuum that is now being filled by common criminals, insurgents and rogue militias, and outside ``foreign fighters.'' It was not as if this was not a topic of debate before we went. The way we treated and approached the Turks when we wanted the 4th ID to come through, the arrogance of suggesting that we didn't need that, we could still move anyway. What would be the status, I ask my friend fromConnecticut, of the Sunni triangle, had the 4th ID come down from the north through the Kurdish area into the triangle?  Can I guarantee it would have been crushed? No. Can I say with certainty we would be better off than we are now? Yes. We went with too little force, too little power.  That brings us to the third fundamental mistake we made--and I say this not to criticize but to set up what I think we have to do from this point on. If we can't determine individually or collectively what the mistakes were that put us in this position, how in the devil are we going to get to the right decision now, if there is one? The third fundamental mistake in getting this right was, we went in with too little legitimacy. Not only didn't we have the rest of the world with us, we decided for some reason unknown to me--and I don't want to bash anybody--that Ahmed Chalabi and the expatriates were the answer to legitimacy, and that initially General Garner, on the one hand, and Chalabi on the other, would move along very quickly.  As a consequence, we squandered the opportunity to generate wider support inside Iraq and in the Arab world and among the major powers.  Now I have to add to the list of serious mistakes that were made these horribly degrading abuses of jailed Iraqis that have made the problem exponentially worse. I don't pretend to be an expert on Islam. I don't pretend to be an expert in terms of the culture in the Arab world.  But I, like my chairman, have gone out and tried to hire for my staff serious experts. I have, as he has and my friend from Connecticut has and my friend from New Mexico has--we have, over the last couple of years, sought out the most informed voices in this country about Islam, about the Arab culture. I went so far, 2\1/2\ years or 3 years ago, as to go to Harvard and hire a professor whose expertise is Islam, because I was aware of how little I knew about the 1.2 billion Muslims in the world.  One of the fairly clear conclusions I have arrived at, which is no revelation to anyone, is that, as horrible as this sounds, we probably would have done less damage to our image and our legitimacy and our motive had the Iraqi prisoners been shot, like Saddam and other despots in that region do, than to have forced them, in some circumstances at least, to engage in degrading, sexually embarrassing, humiliating positions.  If I am not mistaken, a picture I saw in the paper today was of a naked Iraqi prisoner with a leash around his neck. There are certain things that certain cultures take on as a degree of gravity and depravity that don't occur in other communities.  So now these mistakes have complicated our mission and, I believe, genuinely jeopardized our objective: a stable Iraq, with a representative government that poses no threat to its neighbors, does not possess weapons of mass destruction, or cradle terrorists.  To find our way from here, it seems to me we have to go back to first principles. I think one of those first principles is that we cannot want freedom for the Iraqi people more than they want it. My premise has been--and it is beginning to evaporate--that the vast silent majority of Iraqis want freedom. They want a representative government, but they have been brutalized for three decades and they have learned to keep their heads down, not merely as a consequence of the despot who ruled them, but also because of a sense that the outside world won't stick with them. So they are keeping a pretty low profile. Consequently, the ``insurgents'' and others are the face of Iraq, in many cases right now.  The second part of the first principle is that we have to create a condition on the ground which will let them raise their heads above the crowd and begin to take charge of their own country. The most important condition, in my view--so you understand where I am coming from--the necessary precondition for that is security in the neighborhood, security in the streets, security so you can send your daughter from your home to the corner store to pick up sundries needed for the meal. That is the overwhelming majority of Iraqis, in the personal experience of all of us who have been there, as well as what the polling data shows.  So that raises a very difficult question: How could we create security or a condition for security? There is no single step, in my view, that we can take. There is a coordinated series of steps that would move us toward real security in Iraq for the purpose of letting the Iraqis begin to work out their own governmental circumstances. The first is very unpopular. As my Democratic friends here can tell you, when I raise it in the caucus, it is not very popular. One is more American troops now.  I have, as you have, surveyed not only the existing military force and generals, but I have been in contact recently with a total of seven former CENTCOM commanders, supreme allied commanders, and/or generals in charge of the distribution of our forces for the Joint Chiefs of Staff over the last several years. There is an absolutely common thread they all have. They have differences as to how many troops we could garner quickly and from where we could get them. But they all agree on several things. We need more troops, if only for troop protection. We clearly need more troops, as well, to begin to create the environment of greater security on the ground. These generals also tell me--these are four-star folks, people who have run these shows--that we need to demonstrate our resolve to our NATO friends, European friends, Arab friends, Pakistani friends, all of whom have the capacity to help us in one form or another in this. But as strange as it sounds to us, they are doubtful of our commitment. Are we going to stay? So I think we need more forces.  Do I expect any Delawarean listening to this to be happy with me saying that? No, not one. Am I frustrated that the failure to have the forces we recommended, that General Shinseki recommended, and others recommended but was not followed puts me in the position of being the guy calling for more forces? Purely personally, it makes me angry that I am in the spot of having to be the one to deliver bad news to folks at home, as if this is my idea. But the fact is, no matter what we say, in my view, security requires more force.  It is going to require more sacrifice from the middle class and the poor. We have to do a much better job of sharing the burden here. I want to warn everybody now. I am going to vote for more money for Iraq, but I will introduce my amendment again, that people who are willing and able to pay for it now--pay for it, us, and not hand the bill to my granddaughters. I will get back to that at another time.  The second thing in terms of security that we have to do is get a buy-in from the world's major powers. It is going to be years before Iraq can handle their own security. But we cannot sustain the effort on our own for years. We are providing nearly 90 percent of the troops, taking 90 percent of the non-Iraqi casualties, and spending the bulk of the reconstruction costs. Our troops have to be bolstered with troops from NATO, from India and Pakistan, and from the region.  Am I suggesting to you that I am naive enough to think we can do it in a big way now? No. But I have done the homework we have all done. I have spoken with our Supreme Allied Commander; I have gone to NATO; I have sat down with these generals. This is what they tell me.  Immediately, if there is a consensus among our NATO allies, we could get somewhere between as few as 3,000 and as many as 7,000 NATO troops. Immediately they could take over the border patrol. Immediately they could take over what is left in the north, although we depleted many of our forces in the north in the Kurdish area, and/or coordinate the Polish division in the south, freeing up American forces that are now doing those functions.  Why is that important? You say: Biden, out of 150,000, 160,000 folks, another 3,000, 4,000, 5,000, 6,000 troops are not going to make much difference here. I argue it makes a significant difference in the buy-in of the major powers in the world. That, in turn, would open the door for an appropriate resolution authorizing--this from the U.N., not U.N. blue helmets--an authorization for NATO forces. I believe that would bring in, with a lot of diplomacy and Presidential leadership, significant numbers of troops from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and from the region. But it is a process.  I do not know what the folks in South Carolina are saying, but I knowwhat they are saying in Delaware: ``I ain't doing this alone, Joe.'' And they know if NATO is in, the prestige of the major powers is on the line, as well as ours, to stay the course.  Our troops have to be bolstered and NATO and the surrounding Arab countries must be convinced to take on the urgent responsibility of training Iraqi armed forces and police.  I might add, the Germans and the French offered that right after Saddam's statue fell if, in fact, we were willing to get authorization for that from the U.N.  The neighboring Arab countries are fully capable of training some of these forces. Clearly, the Europeans have even greater experience in training police forces, all of which are urgently needed.  Many say this cannot be done. I know from the very serious people in the press, they look at me and privately say to me: Senator, great idea, too late, man; get real. What can really be done?  Look, the President does not collect his paycheck--no President collects his paycheck--by managing. He gets paid to lead.  We had before our committee two men I have high regard for, Mark Grossman from the State Department and Peter Rodman from the Defense Department. I asked Secretary Rodman what we're doing to get NATO to participate. He said, and I'm paraphrasing here: We have already asked, which is mildly disingenuous. I do not know anybody who has been here very long who can name for me anything, other than declaring article V invoked, that NATO has done spontaneously without U.S. leadership without a specific plan being brought to NATO, sold to NATO, and negotiating with NATO in Brussels through Presidential leadership. The President has to commit to sell this.  Going to the U.N. is necessary, but it is not sufficient. Let's not get into this sort of ideological war that has taken place in the 30 years I have been here about the U.N. The President has to win support of key countries first before he goes to the U.N., or before someone goes to the U.N., and then the U.N. has to engage a Security Council resolution to give those major countries the political justification for going to their constituencies and saying: I want to get in a deal you didn't want me in, in the first place; it looks like it is going bad now, but is necessary for our security--ours, meaning France, England, Germany, wherever, any country.  The President should immediately, in my view, in light of the recent revelations convene a summit of the major powers with the most at stake in Iraq, including those from the Arab world. The objectives for this group should be to endorse the Brahimi plan for a caretaker government, propose a senior international figure to referee the political disputes that are going to take place between June 30 and elections being held in January, and call for and authorize a multinational security force under NATO command and U.S. leadership to be the vehicle that provides the security.  Then, as a final step, I think this group--call it a new contact group--should go to the U.N. and seek a security council blessing for this agreement.  I have no illusions about the U.N. being able to bring anything special to Iraq, but its blessing is necessary to provide political cover to leaders whose people oppose the war and who will now be asked to sacrifice to build the peace. To paraphrase George Will, it may be a necessary mask to hide the American face. And George Will is no fan of the U.N.  Simultaneously, the President should be going to NATO. NATO cannot take it on right away, and I will not go back through this again, but it can do a lot. It would free up, I am told, as many as 20,000 American troops, open the door to participation by countries such as India and Pakistan, and send an important message to the American people that we are not bearing the security burden in Iraq virtually alone.  By the way, when I go home, the people say to me: Well, the Brits are with us, Joe? Americans do not know there are only 7,500 Brits there, God bless them, in all their bravery--7,500. We have, what, 160,000 Americans in the region? As John Kerry suggested, it seems to me we should also make the training of Iraqi security forces a much more urgent mission than we have thus far but we must understand it will take time and that it needs to be done right.  When I was in Iraq last summer, our specialists told me it would take five years to recruit and train a police force of 75,000 and three years to recruit and train an army of 40,000. Instead, the Administration rushed 150,000 Iraqis into uniform with minimal vetting and training. When trouble came, many abandoned their posts.  Here, too, other countries could play a potentially decisive role. For example, the Europeans have greater expertise than we do in training police. Even the French told me that under the right conditions they would be willing to train Iraqi police. Our friends in the region, including Jordan, Egypt, and Morocco, could host training sessions for Iraqi police, border security forces, and the military. They could, in fact, take American-trained Arab officers from Morocco, Egypt, and Jordan and embed them with Iraqi forces in Iraq now, a la Fallujah.  There are a lot of specific ideas I will not bore my colleagues with now that are not new to me. I am getting these from serious people who have run the show in that region of the world, military forces. But by doing this, it seems to me, we can significantly speed up the day when the Iraqis can provide their own security and Americans can come home.  Why would other countries join what looks like a lost cause they did not support in the first place? It is a reasonable question to ask. For one simple reason: It is in their naked self-interest. For Europeans, Iraq's failure endangers the security of their oil supply. They get a significantly higher percentage of their oil from the region than we do. It is in their interest because they have large Muslim populations that could be radicalized. It is in their interest because of the threatening destabilization of refugee flows that would be created if a civil war breaks out. It is in their interest because it is their front yard, and we may be creating a new, huge source of terrorism if the result is not a civil election, but a civil war.  For Iraq's neighbors, a civil war in Iraq would draw them in--i.e., the Kurds, the Turks, the Iranians. It would put moderates in the region on the shelf for another generation. It would put radicals in the driver's seat, and I think it would threaten the very survival of the regimes in Jordan, Egypt, and Saudi Arabia.  Would what I am suggesting be difficult to achieve? You bet. The bar has been raised here. The degree of difficulty is exponentially greater. Will it guarantee success? No. But I know of no other alternative than to try.  In light of all the mistakes we made, no one can guarantee success, but if we do not do this, I think success will, in fact, be near impossible.  If the President does do all of what we are talking about, it is not going to be enough to put us on the path to success given the revelations of this week, the abuse of Iraqi prisoners. As I said before, no single act I can think of, other than maybe the bombing of the holiest shrines in Najaf loaded with pilgrims, could have been worse for America's image than what has happened, notwithstanding the fact that it does not represent American troops, it does not represent American values, it does not represent what the American people believe needs be done.  The facts are appalling and so is the symbolism. Ironically, the abuses took place in the same prison that Saddam made himself famous for his torture of his opponents. As a result, I am concerned that even if we do everything I just outlined in which several of us have been advocating for months, we will not be able to muddle through the so-called transition of sovereignty on June 30 and then the elections next year. The revelations have so damaged our prospects of success that I believe the only way to recover is to do something equally dramatic in a positive sense. I think we need to make this less about us and more about the Iraqi people.  The Iraqi people are going to wake up on July 1 and still see 140,000 American troops out their window, patrols going by in Humvees at 40 miles an hour. They will still lack security and they will still be seething about the abuse ofthe prison scandal. And they will continue to blame us for everything that has gone wrong in the country.  I ask any of my colleagues who are listening whether there is any possibility, no matter what the interim government is, that they will be able to, even if they want to, vote to keep American forces in their country after July 1, when they are ostensibly in charge? Even as we move to increase security and bring the rest of the world in, there are four things we have to do right away, and I will end with this.  First, we should today announce that the Red Crescent, the Red Cross, the international community, should be able to come into every prison in Iraq, open them up and put the international community permanently in the prisons as observers.  Second, we have to establish a credible, independent investigation of the abuses and go as high in the command chain as the facts lead us and demand accountability.  Third, we should close the Abu Ghraib prison, work with the Iraqi people on a plan to destroy it or convert it to a monument. We cannot do that precipitously because we need to build other facilities to house 5,000 prisoners. Possibly we should do as was recommended by the State Department and release a significant number of those prisoners who, according to some in the State Department, need not be detained in the first place.  Fourthly, and this is the most controversial thing I suspect I am going to say in the minds of my colleagues, in coordination with the Brahimi plan, we should hold snap elections now, ideally early this summer, to create the equivalent of a loya jirga where on a community level across Iraq they will hold down and dirty elections to elect those who will write this new constitution.  I want to see pictures and debates about whether people are getting shot going to the polls, scrambling going to the polls, arguing about whether the election is free or not. I want this about the Iraqi people.  This election will be far from perfect, but they could use their oil-for-food ration cards as proof of registration and get on with it quickly as part of the transition that is already envisioned for the total free election in November of 2006 of an actual government.  The Iraqis would elect government representatives at a local level who would come together, as I said, the equivalent of a loya jirga.  Until now, I believed that, provided the caretaker government was selected by a respected international figure with buy-in from the Iraqis, not the U.S., it would pass the legitimacy test. In the wake of the prison incident, I do not think that is possible.  The big obstacle would be security, especially in the Sunni triangle. And there is the certain prospect that some people will be elected that we will not like.  But the vast bulk of the country could handle elections now. In the Shi'a south, it is a gamble, but it is better than an even chance that moderate Shi'a would emerge if given an opportunity for elections, and they would finally use their power and influence to defeat Sadr and other radicals among them.  The U.N. has a team in place now to prepare for elections in January. Let's speak with Brahimi and see if we can speed up that process and make elections the next step in the transition plan.  I realize this is a fairly radical proposal, but I believe we need a fairly radical proposal. This should focus on what the Iraqi people need now, and we should demonstrate that everything in our mission is to turn this over as rapidly and clearly as possible.  I close with this one rhetorical question: The chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee has been pointing out, what about the conundrum when the interim government is appointed and it concludes we should not be sending troops to Fallujah? I think there is a more basic question than that. What happens now that 70 percent of the Iraqi people now think we should get out? By the time this prison scandal is over, it is going to be 90 percent. What happens when we appoint the new Iraqi government and give it partial sovereignty and right out of the box they say, Get out of Dodge?  We better do something quickly or Negroponte's Herculean efforts are likely to be for naught.  I yield the floor.  