 President, when historians look back on American foreign policy in the early 21st century, they will ask a few basic questions. One will be whether we used our immense military strength wisely. Another will be whether we took effective action to avert genocide in the world. But the biggest question will be whether we did all we could to avert the use of weapons of mass destruction, and especially a nuclear catastrophe.  The resolution before us addresses one of the most sensitive nuclear non-proliferation issues of our day, that of Iran. Over the last 2 years, public allegations and International Atomic Energy Agency inspections have uncovered nearly two decades of covert nuclear programs that Iran has pursued in violation of its obligations under safeguards agreements with the IAEA. While Iran insists publicly that these programs are all peaceful, all the signs and much of the political rhetoric in Iran point to a nuclear weapons program that has been conducted under the cover of peaceful nuclear activities.  Nearly a year ago, Iran promised to come clean on its nuclear programs and to suspend all its uranium enrichment and reprocessing activities. But Iran has yet to comply fully with its commitment. Instead, it has hidden some of its activities and forced IAEA inspectors to pull teeth in order to get information about its programs; it has delayed inspections and, at times, suspended all cooperation; it has continued production of components for uranium enrichment centrifuges; and it has announced an intent to test its uranium conversion facility in a manner that will produce feed material for uranium enrichment centrifuges. All those actions are violations of Iran's legal and political commitments.  More importantly, those actions suggest that Iran still has something to hide. They relate to nuclear activities that are difficult to explain as peaceful programs. Some of those actions relate to programs involving the same criminal network that aided Libya and provided it with a nuclear weapon design. And they are accompanied by political statements that suggest Iran may well want to develop nuclear weapons. If Iran wants to gain the confidence of the international community, that is certainly not the way to go about it.  I do not believe that Iran poses an imminent threat of testing or deploying nuclear weapons. There is hence no need at this time to threaten or undertake military action, and the resolution before us does not threaten, encourage or authorize such action.  Some journalists interpreted a similar resolution in the House of Representatives as authorizing military action, despite the denials of those who supported that resolution, including its co-author, Representative Lantos of California. That is because the House resolution used the words ``all appropriate means,'' which sounded too similar to previous resolutions on other issues that did authorize the use of force. To make it absolutely clear that the resolution before us does not do that, the authors of the substitute amendment have deleted the word ``all'' from that phrase. We do not intend this resolution to encourage the use of military force by any country.  Neither can any concurrent resolution authorize the use of force by the United States. Under our Constitution and under the War Powers Resolution, only legislation signed by the President can do that. A concurrent resolution has no legal effect and cannot do so.  What we do intend by this resolution is to encourage all countries to help convince Iran that its national security is best served by giving up the urge to develop a nuclear weapons capability. An Iran with nuclear weapons--or with the ability to producesuch weapons--will not be a more secure Iran. Rather, it will only prompt great concern among its neighbors and risk their developing nuclear weapons as well; and it will estrange itself from all countries that support the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty or that believe in keeping one's international obligations.  If Iran wants to understand what nuclear weapons will bring about, it can look to North Korea, which is reduced to begging and threatening the international community in order to feed its people and to provide even minimal energy resources. Those are the wages of proliferation: not security, but insecurity; not acclaim, but ostracism.  If the nations of the world--and especially the industrialized countries in Europe and elsewhere that have important trade relations with Iran--will band together to deliver this message, I believe that Iran will hear it and heed it. But the message may well have to be delivered with more than words. Countries may have to take forceful diplomatic and economic actions in order to demonstrate to Iran the risks that it runs if it insists upon building a nuclear weapons capability. The IAEA Board of Governors may well have to report Iran's noncompliance to the United Nations Security Council, and the Security Council may have to take action under Articles 39 through 41 of the United Nations Charter to encourage or order Iran to cease its programs that would contribute to building that nuclear weapons capability.  Countries can also remind Iran that concerns which may have prompted its covert nuclear programs are now largely dissipated. The Soviet Union is gone, and Russia does not threaten Iranian sovereignty. Saddam Hussein is now a criminal in the dock, rather than a dictator with imperial ambitions. And the case of Libya demonstrates that the United States will readily adjust its policy toward a country that renounces weapons of mass destruction and international terrorism. Iran's security concerns can be met--indeed, can best be met--without its developing or producing any weapons of mass destruction.  It is time that we have a serious discussion with Europe about harmonizing our policies toward Iran. Europe has pursued a strategy of offering positive incentives for Iran to change its behavior, but no penalties if it does not--effectively the reverse of U.S. policy. By coordinating more closely, the United States and Europe are more likely to affect Iran's actions. We should clearly state that if Iran ends its pursuit of a nuclear weapons program and gets out of the terrorism business, then we would be willing to change our policy of isolating and sanctioning Iran.  I hope that enactment of the resolution before us will help galvanize world attention to the threat of nuclear proliferation in Iran and to the need to convince Iran to change its ways. I hope that it will also encourage Iran to choose the path of non-proliferation and base its future on engagement with the world, rather than increasing, self-imposed isolation.  I want to thank the original sponsors of S. Con. Res. 81, Senators Feinstein and Kyl, for their cooperation in developing a substitute text that we can all support. I believe that Representatives Hyde and Lantos, whose H. Con. Res. 398 provided much guidance to us, will also find this text something that they can accept so as to achieve enactment of this important resolution. And I appreciate the work of their staffs over the past several weeks. My own staff and Chairman Lugar's staff were also instrumental in bringing this work to what I believe will be a successful conclusion.  We have all been guided not by politics, but by the importance of the matter before us. When the issue is nuclear proliferation, uncountable innocent lives hang in the balance. On such an issue, the world must act as one.  