 I have been here 32 years. I may not be in the No. 2 position in my party, as my friend was, but I don't need an education on how we do this. This is malarkey, as they say--this argument being made about the Constitution. Let me move on, if I may.  My friend references President Reagan, and I might note that I voted for the Roth-Kemp tax cut. Then I watched President Reagan and voted with him when he raised taxes three times after that because he was a responsible fellow. He raised taxes three times after that out of necessity. I also was here--and we talked about World War II. The President says this is the equivalent of World War II. My friends talk about World War II. We raised taxes through the ceiling in World War II. I don't know whether they didn't teach the same history in Oklahoma and Iowa as they did in Delaware, but we raised taxes in World War II.  Also, this notion about all these other programs--the Senator, because he is so busy and has extensive responsibilities on his side of the aisle, did not have an opportunity--he didn't miss much--to hear my speech on the front end.  There are two purposes in my doing this: One is to unite this Nation, for everybody to get in on the deal. Many other people are being asked to sacrifice. You know, this is a war. People are dying. Some people are sacrificing. People are having their incomes radically changed--those in the National Guard and Reserves. They are contributing at the office.  The other part is--I will say this again, and I said it last time--would any wealthy American--and I hope every one of my kids becomes a wealthy American. By most people's standards, based on my salary, most people think I am wealthy. I don't have stocks, bonds, debentures, and savings accounts. I am not bragging about that, but that is a fact. Most Americans think I am wealthy based on the salary I get paid. But I say to the top 1 percent out there, call me, give me your name, and tell me you are not willing to pay 1 percent higher for the next 5 years in order to make sure these kids sitting here don't pay.  War is different than education. Part of the purpose of a leader, when you go to war, is to unite the Nation, share the responsibility, engage in the sacrifice.  The other point I will make is that my friend from Iowa talks about the fact that this tax cut generated economic growth. I don't disagree with that. But the real question is, is taking one-tenth of 1 percent of the total tax cut going to stop economic growth? Is the Senator making that argument? Well, if he is right, this is a bad idea. One-tenth of 1 percent is the total cost of the total tax cut of this amendment--$25 billion, one-tenth of 1 percent. That is going to bring this economic growth to a screeching halt? Give me a break.  Let's talk about the small business people. I didn't make the assertion that all small business people are sitting back clipping coupons. I am not saying that. I just tell you what the facts are. The facts are, as the Senator knows, that small business owners have to be in the top 1 percent of wage earners to fall into this bracket. Only 2 percent of all the small business owners in America fall into this bracket. That does include some people with passive incomes participating in investment and small businesses. This is not the hands-on, mom-and-pop business owners by any stretch of the imagination. If you look at only sole proprietor returns, those with hands-on owners, they are less than 2 percent. So I can understand my friend disagreeing with me. That is a logical position he takes. He may believe that it is unfair to have them pay 1 percent more and not ask people making $100,000 to pay 1 percent more. I can understand that. That is just an honest disagreement.  I can understand my friend from Oklahoma in his argument on why are we taxing corporations more. That makes sense, too. We can do that. If he wants to go that route, I will help him.  There are other ways to do this. I tried to pick the most painless, unifying mechanism I could find to do a responsible thing: make sure these kids in the blue suits don't pay for this war. They are still going to pay for the war, by the way. We have already spent over $200 billion on this war. I am not complaining about that. I am arguing that we need more troops.  My Lord, all these specious arguments: My God, the mom-and-pop grocery store owners are going to be put in jeopardy by this amendment; this is going to slow down economic growth; this is unfair.  Then the irony is that my friend from Iowa, who always says he is not a lawyer--as I pointed out to him, he is smarter than any lawyer on that committee. Be careful of this good old boy from Iowa, who says: Golly, gee whiz, I am not a lawyer. He knows more hard case law than anybody I know on the Senate floor. Yet he stands up there straight faced and says: You know what, this $25 billion tax increase--and it is--paid for by the top 1 percent is bad for the economy, but I, Chuck Grassley, am out there making sure corporations pay more. I am finding loopholes and closing them.  I congratulate him. Guess what it means. It means you are going to have more people pay more taxes. Is that going to slow down the economy? When my friend takes out of the tax stream or adds to the tax stream by shutting loopholes that do not belong in the law, guess what. More money is coming to the Government. More money than $25 billion I am talking about.  He is a very bright guy. So let's be logical. Let's set up a little syllogism here. If his thesis is my $25 billion is going to slow down the economy, $25 billion now is in the hands of people out there, or will be over the next 5 years out in the hands to be spent by Americans, what about the $25 billion, $35 billion, $100 billion he is looking to take out of the economy over the next 5 years that will be spent by corporations, being spent by, maybe unfairly, but being spent--that is not going to slow down the economy, but my $25 billion is?  Again, to use the expression of my granddaughter, give me a break. I may not be the brightest candle on the table, but I am a relatively logical guy. There is no logic in the argument.  So, look, there are three good reasons to be against Biden: One, you ideologically think this is a bad idea because somehow you think--and I am being a little facetious--that the top 1 percent of the American public pays too much of a burden and is put upon, and to add anything else on them is just unfair to the rest of the American public. OK. Got it. It is a straightforward argument, logical.  The second logical argument is, if there is any merit to it: You ought to spread this out, Biden. If, in fact, you are going to add to the deficit by paying for Medicare or the prescription drug bill--which I voted against and which a lot of you voted for; it cost a lot more than you promised it was going to cost, raising the deficit, spending that I did not vote for--it is better to say unless you are going to pay for this spending, you should not pay for it with revenues. OK. I got it. It is a straightforward argument.  Or lastly, one might argue: Psychologically this is dangerous because after cutting taxes, to now raise them for 5 years by 1 percent for 1 percent of the population, it is going to inject some uncertainty. I don't know what that means. That could be an argument one could make.  With all due respect, you cannot make the argument mom and pop are going under; mom and pop are slowing down; that the loss of revenue is going to stifle economic growth; that this portion of the population is put upon; that this is no different than education or health care or highways, because it is. It is war.  By the way, when I introduced this proposal on a larger measure--$87 billion--a while ago, according to the national polls, 56 percent of the Americans polled on the last version of this amendment said pay for the war from the tax cut.  This is all about values. This is about value differences. And the value that I am espousing--and I am not being so moralistic to suggest that I know it is superior to the value my friends are proposing, but it is a different value. I value the necessity of a greater sense of national unity and a greater contribution from all sectors of the economy in winning this war. I value the notion that when we are clearly able, without doing any harm to the economy or being unfair to any one segment, that we should pay, when we can, rather than make our children and grandchildren pay.  The difference between war and education is on education we made a judgment that we should have an educational system, and we do not control the population. So as children are born, the responsibility to keep a commitment we made exists. It is not elective. War, in this case, was elective. I elected to go to war. That is not a societal responsibility that rests with a generation that has not even come of age yet; it is a responsibility of ours, just as World War II was the responsibility of the greatest generation in the history of mankind, the World War II generation. They did not say: Make my son, Joe, make my daughter, Valerie, make my son, Jim or Frank, pay for this war. They valued responsibility. They stepped up to the ball. As to the idea that this even calls for any serious sacrifice, if that is the case, my Lord, we have lost our bearings.  I have seen not one scintilla of evidence that this will slow economic recovery; that this is a burden upon a group of people who strongly resist taking on the burden; that this is, per se, unfair. This is something I believe--and I cannot prove it because I have not conducted any national poll--that if the people who will be affected by this, again, whose average income is $1 million a year, who have to have a taxable income of $320,000 a year even to get in the game, and if they are small business, 98 percent of them will be not affected one single little way by this, my guess is, if they know it is really going to pay for the $25 billion needed next year for the war, they would pay it, proudly pay it, and rightfully should pay.  My dad, who passed away long ago, used to have an expression. My dad was, I guess, probably like the mom or dad of Senator Grassley and Senator Nickles and others, a generation that had a different view. My dad's table was a place where you had dinner, you sat down, and two things were demanded. One, you had to have good table manners, and the other was you had to engage in conversation. Our table was a table where you sat down and had conversation and incidentally ate, rather than sat down, ate, and had incidental conversation. It was the one place the family got together with certainty every night, and friends were always included.  I will never forget my father in a discussion with my uncle, Bill Scheen, talking about a particular tax. My dad looked at him and said: Bill, there is no price too high to pay to live in this great country.  I am not asking for a big price. I am just asking for people to do what in their heart they know is right.  I understand my friends, what they have not said--and I may be wrong, but I suspect part of their concern about this amendment, because at least four Members on that side have come up to me and said: I would like to vote for this, Joe, but here is my fear--I give my word this is true--this is my fear: My fear is this would be a foot in the door. If you make this argument and it has catches, I am paying for the war, then your guys are going to come back and say: Look, we ought to raise taxes on the wealthiest corporations to pay for health care, or to pay for whatever. I think that is a legitimate concern on the part of my Republican friends. I understand that. Maybe that is the reason why, not the people who have spoken but some of the people who have spoken to me, who share my concern about not passing this on to these kids are not going to vote with me. I think it is a shame. I just cannot think of how we are able to communicate to the American people that we are in mortal combat for what will be an extended period of time with an enemy that does not wear a uniform but has the capacity to do overwhelming harm to us but that there is no need to rally the entire Nation to contribute a little bit at the office in order to win that war.  Again, the example I gave of what if the President had said go out and pay the tuition of two or four people in your neighborhood, for those of you who can afford it, that is not going to help the war. If anyone thinks that is what I meant, they missed the whole point.  The point is, we should use this time of crisis to unite the country, to talk about the things where we can help one another, where it is not paid for, where it is not unfair. That is the point I am trying to make, and I guess I am not being articulate enough because I do not think a lot of my friends get it.  It is probably my fault because maybe I am not explaining it well enough, but just to make sure everybody understands, how does one convince people that this is as tough a deal as it is if, in fact, we have this incredibly large tax cut? How does that square? It is like my saying to my kids, when they ask me can they go to a summer camp, and my saying I cannot afford to do that, and I drive up the driveway the next day in a brand new Lexus; it is tough times, kids, I cannot afford to send you to that college, you are going to go to the State university, and we buy a summer house. I mean, how does one do that?  By the way, this war is going to cost us a couple hundred billion dollars more before this is over.  Well, I have said all I want to say. I wish I could have said it better but I think this is fair. I think it is equitable. I think it is necessary, and I hope my colleagues will see it that way. I understand if they do not.  I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  