  Not only is that the most urgent threat, it is also a much more likely threat than the possibility that a rogue state, such as North Korea, will lob a missile at the United States and risk being annihalated by us.  Who will send a missile with a return address and face sure destruction? Not a nation-state. Terrorist groups, with no return address, from no state against which the United States could retaliate, are not deterred by our massive nuclear arsenal.  Many experts believe that terrorists would be capable of creating a nuclear weapon if they took possession of fissile material. Even the simpler gun-type design, the type of bomb exploded at Hiroshima, could kill up to a million people if detonated in a large city.  Two years ago, I asked the heads of our nuclear laboratories to show us how terrorists could build an atomic weapon with parts available on the open market--other than the fissile material.  A month later, they returned to the Senate and showed us the weapon they had made, minus the fissile material. I cannot go into details, but all of us knew instantly that this was within the capabilities of a sophisticated terrorist group. You don't have to be a great power to cause great damage--if you have the fissile material.  Terrorists are also known to be interested in radiological material for a so-called dirty bomb, also known as a radiological dispersion device. An attack with a dirty bomb would not cause many fatalities, but it could render large areas uninhabitable and cause long-term economic and psychological damage. These weapons could be smuggled in a suitcase, or in a shipping container entering one of our ports.  Clearly, then, the threat of terrorist weapons of mass destruction is urgent.  But where is the sense of urgency in responding to this threat?  We have a bill before us today that proposes to spend $10 billion on missile defense--against the less likely threat.  The amendment by my colleague, Senator Levin, redresses the balance by taking just 5 percent of that amount--$515 million that is essentially unnecessary at this time to buy 10 more untested interceptors for the administration's scarecrow ground-based missile defense system--and applying it instead to urgent, unfunded homeland security needs.  Senator Levin's amendment will take the money saved and apply it to detecting, intercepting, and stopping the use of weapons or mass destruction by terrorists. It also shifts funds to programs to keep fissile material out of the hands of terrorists.  Just a few weeks ago, the Senate passed amendment to this bill sponsored by our colleague, Senator Pete Domenici.  I cosponsored the amendment, which authorizes a program to accelerate U.S. efforts to remove, secure, store, or blend down fissile and radiological material.  Senator Domenici's amendment complements the Global Threat Reduction Initative that the Secretary of Energy announced on May 26, to repatriate Russian and American highly enriched uranium or HEU, from research reactors around the world, to repatriate the spend fuel, and to convert those reactors to use low enriched uranium instead. Too often, HEU provided by the Soviet Union or the United States sits at poorly guarded research facilities that are a dangerous temptation to thieves or terrorists.  The Global Threat Reduction Initiative reportedly will cost $450 million. Senator Levin's amendment provides $211 million or it.  In addition, the Levin amendment will provide funds for nuclear weapons detectors at major seaports; technology to detect chemical, biological, and radiological materials at a distance; and technology to detect and stop low-flying aircraft, such as crop-dusters, that terrorists might use to disperse weapons of mass destruction across a wide area.  The Levin amendment will help address the most urgent threats to our Nation, but it will not delete funds for the 20 untested interceptor missiles that the administration plans to field in October.  It will simply prevent the Defense Department from spending more money on 10 additional missiles before we know if the first 20 even work.  That is a sensible approach and one that is consistent with ``fly before you buy'' laws that require operational testing prior to full-rate production, as well as with recommendations of the General Accounting Office.  We need to set our funding priorities to respond to the most urgent threats we face. The Levin amendment is a step in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  