 President, Americans believe in fair play: the right for everyone to have his say, the opportunity to get a job and make your own way in the world, a fair wage for a day's work.  This is not just idealism--we figure we are all better off if the system we live in is open and fair.  That belief in fair play is the foundation of this Senate and indeed of our constitutional system itself.  My father worked hard and he taught me that fairness is our most fundamental value. He taught me that we always have to stand up against the abuse of power at every level. Whenever someone uses their advantage, be it wealth, education, size, strength, whatever it may be, against someone else, it is wrong, and it goes against everything we stand for, everything we are as a nation and a people.  Not just the process is flawed. The product of that process, the Omnibus appropriations bill before us today, is flawed, too. It is unfair.  That back-room, unrepresentative process has produced legislation that deserves to be defeated, not just because of the way it was cobbled together, but because of what will happen if it becomes law.  Here is one result of that process: millions of men and women who will lose their right to time and a half overtime pay, a cornerstone of our workers' rights for over half a century.  Both the House and the Senate, with bipartisan majorities, voted last year to block new Labor Department rules that weaken overtime protections. But this bill cancels out that decision, allowing those rules to go forward.  The latest news from the jobs front--that hundreds of thousands of Americans have given up looking for work after we have gone through 3 years of job losses--sent a shock through financial markets. It should worry us all.  Now is not the time to be cutting the pay of those Americans who have jobs. But that is just what weakening overtime pay will do.  While recent economic news has been positive, there is little hope for sustained, healthy economic growth without solid, good-paying jobs. Consumer confidence and consumer spending--the keys to our economy--ultimately depend on Americans' confidence that they have a secure job, a job that pays a fair wage for a fair day's work.  For over half a century, American workers have known what that meant--a 40-hour workweek, and time and a half if you worked overtime. You could count on that extra pay in exchange for the extra burden of working more than 40 hours a week.  Many workers often have no choice about working overtime--it is up to their boss. But if they have to work those extra hours, their employer is required to pay them time and a half. This has been a cornerstone of the social contract between labor and management, between workers and employers.  But despite the key role of the 40-hour workweek, despite the wide-spread reliance on time and a half pay for work past those 40 hours, this administration has proposed radical changes in the regulations governing overtime pay.  When I spoke here as a cosponsor of Senator Harkin's amendment here on the floor of the Senate back in September, we heard from some supporters of the rule changes that they would not decrease the number of workers eligible for overtime pay.  But if there was any doubt about the real motivation behind these regulations, just look at the regulations themselves. They provide explicit instructions to employers on methods they could use to avoid increasing the pay of employees who, we are told, will become eligible for overtime pay.  So all of those workers we were told would benefit, who would ``automatically'' qualify for time-and-a-half overtime pay, if their pay is under $425 a week, could easily see not one dime of new pay.  Employers are coached on ways to avoid any new costs and still comply with the regulations. So don't tell me this is going to add to workers wages--that claim is refuted in the regulations themselves.  And for other workers, with pay over that threshold, the regulations clearly threaten to take away overtime protections. They want to make it easier for employers to reclassify as many as eight million hourly workers who now get overtime pay, to make them ineligible for overtime pay.  Right now, if you are not ``white collar''--working in management, essentially--your boss has to pay you time and a half for all the work you do over 40 hours a week. The idea is that more highly educated workers, who participate in management, who have significant authority over the workplace, are more properly classified as salaried, not hourly workers. They get a fixed amount of pay, no matter how many hours they may put in a week.  Hourly workers, on the other hand, who do not manage the conditions under which they work, who have less to say about how the workweek is organized, must be compensated if they work more than the basic 40 hours. That has been the definition of a fair day's work for a fair day's pay for more than half a century, and its basic fairness still makes sense today.  But the administration's new regulations would make it easier--would actually create an incentive--for employers to classify workers who have little advanced education and little or no authority, to classify those workers as white collar workers.  Overnight, under these new regulations, millions of workers could lose the right to overtime pay. These rules are designed not only to make it easier to reclassify workers, but to make it pay for employers who do so. They will save money, since they will no longer be required to pay workers the time and a half rate that they are now guaranteed.  No change in the number of hours they could be required to do, no change in their education, no change in their responsibilities--just a change in the regulations in Washington, and they are out overtime pay.  That is one of the many reasons this legislation should be defeated, but it is not the only one.  Right now we have a law on the books that makes sure everyone who buys a gun is checked to see if they have a criminal record--or if they are on our terrorist watch list.  Those records are kept for 90 days--long enough to find out if a gun was sold to a criminal or terrorist, someone who initially may have appeared to have no criminal record or other ``red flag'' that would signal he is a bad guy.  Ninety-seven percent of the times that the reporting system discovered that a bad guy--a terrorist, a wife-beater, whatever--had mistakenly been sold--a weapon, it took more than 24 hours to figure it out. Destroying those records in 24 hours will destroy our chances of catching bad guys.  The change in this legislation will mean that 97 percent of the criminals or others who are mistakenly sold a weapon will go undetected by a system that was supposed to make us safer. Does the public know about this? I don't think so. That is because of the closed-door, backroom deal making that cobbled this massive bill together. This provision has never previously been considered by the House or the Senate.  Bad process, bad product.  And that is true for what the leadership did with the issue of media ownership.  Last year, the FCC decided to abandon its long-standing limitation that said no company or person could own television stations reaching more than35 percent of the Nation's viewing audience. The FCC raised that limit to 45 percent, threatening harmful consolidation among media outlets that could undermine competition and diversity among broadcast voices.  The FCC's actions were met with consternation from all sides of the political spectrum, and both the House and Senate voted with bipartisan majorities to forestall this change. But the will of the Congress was cast aside.  The leadership of the Congress--mind you, not the Members of the House and Senate--under pressure from an administration eager to take care of large corporate interests, removed the 1-year restriction on the FCC's changes and replaced it with a new permanent 39 percent cap.  The list of bad provisions goes on. When we wrote the farm bill in the last Congress, with the support of both parties, we included a requirement that when we shop at the grocery store, we know what country our produce and meats come from.  That rule--requiring labeling that indicates the country of origin--was to go into effect this year. But this legislation delays that rule for 2 years.  It rewrites the farm bill to delay that rule--something neither the House nor the Senate voted to do.  Since that change was put into this bill, we have now found out that mad cow disease made its way into our country from Canada. Not a major cause for alarm, but certainly a lot of folks would now want to know where their beef comes from. But it will be 2 years before they get that information, if this bill passes.  There is one other thing that has to be mentioned here today. We have come through the last 3 years, including several months of strong economic growth, but we are still not creating new jobs.  For the first time since the Great Depression, we have gone 3 straight years without creating a single new job. Not one. The unemployment rate has come down recently, but that is because the job picture is so bleak that over 300,000 people just stopped looking.  Long-term unemployment is a much bigger problem these days, especially in our hard-hit manufacturing sector.  The kinds of changes we have gone through in recent years means that many of those jobs just won't be coming back. Those that will come back will return slowly. That leaves hundreds of thousands of Americans running out of their long-term unemployment benefits.  But we went out of session last fall and let the extended unemployment compensation program just expire, at the worst possible time. And we come back today with this appropriations bill, leaving that program expired and those Americans without benefits.  There are now 2.4 million fewer jobs overall than there were when the last recession began. Every month, about 100,000 more workers exhaust their existing benefits. The most recent report of people dropping out of the job hunt altogether is all the proof we need that long-term unemployment is a key feature of this economy right now.  This is not the time to let the program expire, but this bill, which covers so many programs and so many policies in so many parts of our Government, fails to address this problem.  That is unacceptable.  For the bad policies that are in it, and for the good policies that have been dropped from it or simply ignored, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against cloture on this bill.  This conference report continues the administration's attempt to undo the equation we put in place when I wrote the 1994 Crime Bill: more police equals less crime. The conference report cuts COPS by 24 percent, and cuts the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant program almost in half. These are proven programs that help local police departments beef up their staffs and modernize their equipment, and the cuts couldn't be coming at a worse time.  There is only $756 million for COPS in the conference report, a drastic cut from the fiscal year 2003 level of $978 million. COPS' core program--the initiative that helps local police departments hire new community police officers--is funded at just $120 million, a 30-percent cut from last year and a far cry from the late nineties when the hiring program regularly received over a billion dollars per year.  These cuts are shortsighted, ill-conceived, and I fear they will significantly hurt local law enforcement's ability to fight crime. In a time of color-coded alerts, a rising murder rate, and an FBI increasingly focused on counterterrorism and away from violent crime, we are inexplicably asking the men and women of law enforcement to do much more with much less.  When asked to justify this approach, the administration responds that Federal resources for ``first responders'' are way up. Respectfully, that simply is not an adequate answer, and it reflects a fundamental misunderstanding of the needs of local law enforcement. Defending the homeland against a terrorist attack and preventing a woman from being raped are simply two different problems that require different solutions and different sets of contributions from the Federal Government.  I think Massachusetts Public Safety Secretary Edward Flynn is on the right track when he says, ``terrorism is the monster that ate criminal justice''.  We need to dedicate sufficient resources to fight international terrorism and local crime at the same time, but this conference report falls far short in this regard.  I recently received a letter from the International Association of Chiefs of Police where they express ``grave concern'' over the funding levels for COPS and the Local Law Enforcement Block Grant contained in this conference report. In their letter, the IACP states their ``belief that at this crucial time in our history, we cannot afford to reduce the effectiveness of our nation's state and local law enforcement agencies by cutting vital federal assistance programs.''  The Nation's police chiefs are not alone in their concern. According to the U.S. Conference of Mayors:     too many families are still being ravaged by illegal drugs,      too many citizens and law enforcement officers are put in      danger due to drug and gun related crimes, and property and      violent crimes are still a major issue in too many      communities.  They also strongly oppose the cuts in this conference report.  The National Association of Police Organizations wrote me to say that this conference report ``does not sufficiently address the needs of America's police officers in their dual fight against terrorist threats and domestic crime.'' I cannot support the cuts this conference report proposes, and I encourage my colleagues to listen to their mayors and police officers before casting their vote.  Mr. McCain. Mr. President, because of time constraints, my comments will be brief. I will, however, make extensive remarks about the omnibus bill at a later time.  We are nearly 4 full months into fiscal year 2004 and we are still without 7 of the 13 annual appropriations bills. For the second time in less than a year, we are considering a massive omnibus appropriations bill, with this one totaling a whopping $820 billion. Sadly, this conference report is loaded with over $11 billion in special interest pork-barrel projects and legislative riders that have no business in this or any other spending bill.  This omnibus appropriations bill has received considerable and justifiable criticism in the press and it should serve as an alarming wake up call. We are facing a $500 billion deficit. That's half of a trillion dollars--the largest ever. And what do we do when faced with such a problem? We spend even more. An article in Sunday's Washington Post pointed out what really drives the agenda here on Capitol Hill. The article states:       Today, the country still faces serious problems--oil      dependence, child poverty, new gaps in health care coverage,      deteriorating rural communities and failing public schools.      One doesn't have to be an advocate of big government to      believe Congress has a role in crafting pragmatic solutions      to these problems. Yet as Congress returns this week, none of      these issues is on the agenda. What is on the agenda? Why,      things Congress has always excelled in: dispensing pork      barrel projects and using taxpayer's money to reward      supportive lobbies.  Additionally, an editorial in today's Wall Street Journal states:       The bottom line is truly shocking. Passage of the omnibus      would raise total discretionary spending to more than $900      billion in 2004. The editorial goes on to note that this      increase should not be blamed on the war. It states that, At      18.6 percent, the increase in non-defense discretionary      spending under the 107th Congress, 2002-2003, is far and away      the     biggest in decades. In 2003, total Federal spending topped an      inflation-adjusted $20,000 per household for the first time      since World War II. Let me point out just a few of the things      that are included in this bill: $450,000 for the Johnny      Appleseed Heritage Center in Ohio; $200,000 to the Rock and      Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, OH for the Rockin'      the Schools education program; $175,000 to paint a mural on a      flood wall in a city in Missouri; $325,000 for construction      of a swimming pool in Salinas, CA.  In addition to literally thousands of earmarks, this conference report contains major policy changes. Some of these provisions include legislative language authorizing the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands crab fisheries rationalization plan, which would divide 90 percent of that crab market among just a small group of processors. Fishermen could only sell to those processors and only those processors would sell to consumers. This proposal has not been considered by the authorizing committees of jurisdiction, nor requested by the Administration.  Another legislative item included in this bill include media ownership provisions to undo a June 2 FCC regulation. Further, language is included mandating that the background check approval records issued after the purchase of a firearm be destroyed within 24 hours instead of the current policy of 90 days. This omnibus legislation also contains an environmental rider meant to benefit Briggs and Stratton, a major manufacturer of small engines. There is also language that redirects $40 million for construction of a cargo terminal at the Port of Philadelphia that is designed to support high speed cargo vessels for a private venture. Today, not only do the vessels not exit, but their design is based on unproven technology.  We have to change the way we do business around here. Through our wasteful spending practices, we have succeeded in tying a millstone of debt around the necks of future generations of Americans. Today, we have on opportunity to make serious and substantial change in the way we treat the American taxpayer. Let's rise to the challenge. Let's not squander this opportunity. I urge my colleagues to vote against cloture on this horrendous piece of legislation.      construction of a port of philadelphia marine cargo terminal  