 President, I rise to explain why I cannot support either the Warner or the Lautenberg amendment regarding the return of the remains of military personnel to Dover Air Force Base.  The Warner amendment was an endorsement of the current policy, which prohibits any news coverage. The Lautenberg amendment would allow for news coverage in all cases. I do not believe either approach is correct.  In terms of the Warner amendment, I do not agree with the current policy. It denies the sacrifice made by the brave men and women of our military. Anonymous photographs of flag draped coffins tell a real story about honor, courage, and sacrifice. The current Defense Department policy suppresses that story.  However, when those coffins are individually and respectfully taken from the transport plane to the mortuary, then the families should decide. At the point that caskets are being transported to the mortuary or when they are beginning their journey to their final resting place, each fallen hero is honored individually. In some cases, family members may be present. In most cases, they are not. Either way, the honor being paid to their loved one is for them to share or not. Some families may wish to honor their loved one by having the press present and others may find that same press coverage intrusive. It should be their decision. The families should have a clear veto authority and a clear ability to agree to press coverage of their loved one's transport at and within Dover Air Force Base. Unfortunately, the Lautenberg amendment does not clearly provide that authority.  For me, it is simple. We must not turn away from honoring our war heroes, but we must also recognize that each sailor, soldier, airmen, and marine is somebody's son, daughter, husband, wife, brother, or sister. When they die in the service of this Nation, they have made the ultimate sacrifice and it is the family that must bear the ultimate loss. The least we can do is let the family decide how much of that experience they wish to share.  