 So I will not refer to the fact that anybody is sitting in the gallery.  I stand here with great pride that my alma mater, the University of Delaware, has won the national football championship for Division I-AA. In my 32 years serving in the Senate for Delaware, I have had the opportunity to give hundreds of speeches on the Senate floor. We have much more, though, than a national championship to celebrate. With our nickname, the Fighting Blue Hens, when we were recruited by the University of Delaware, we probably wished they had some other name like the Fighting Tigers or something; but we are Blue Hens. But we are the Blue Hens, and we are proud of the fact that year in and year out we have this long tradition of having a first-rate football team. But none like this team.  This team played one of the most outstanding seasons in college football history with a record of 15 to 1 and setting a school record for victories in any single season.  After clinching their seventh Atlantic 10 Football Conference Championship, the 2003 squad sailed through the division I-AA playoffs outscoring our opponents with a combined score of 149 points to 23.  In fact, they won the championship game by shutting down--and since our Parliamentarian is a graduate, I almost feel badly mentioning that great college--Colgate University 40 to 0.  My only concern was if we had another game, I would have felt very badly for whomever we played because they just kept getting better and better. You can imagine Senator Carper and I and Congressman Castle attended the majority of these games as devoted fans.  As I earlier said, this marks the university's first division I-AA title crown, but we earned six other football titles as a division II school, including when I was there playing.  The last division II title was in 1979. The reason I mention that is it is significant because our current coach, K. C. Keeler, was a linebacker on that national championship team. In his second year at the helm at the university, K. C. Keeler took this team to a national championship. K. C. is the first to give his predecessor, my old coach, Tubby Raymond, credit for having recruited pretty good guys to play on that team.  Let me conclude by saying I am often asked why I ever thought I should run for President of the United States, as I did, and attempt to get the nomination back in the eighties. There was a simple reason. I learned early on, after being a county councilman and then getting elected as a Senator, I was given the honor of presenting the Washington Touchdown Club's Timmie Award. We used to honor the best ``small college team in America.'' I had the opportunity of giving that to Tubby Raymond.  There were people at an old hotel, including Supreme Court Justices and others. I never saw my old coach flustered, but as I stood up, introduced by Howard Cosell, to present him with this award, I gave him the award, handed him the trophy, and he turned and said: You know, I just want to tell you, Joe Biden was one of the best ball players I ever had play for me. And that was just being a Senator.  So I figured if I had gotten elected President, I would have been able by another means to be named what I always wanted to be, an All-American. And that is the only reason I ever ran for President. I wanted to set that record straight.  I am one of the best ball players Delaware ever had, which is simply not true. But I can tell you it is the only time my former coach was ever flustered. But this guy, Keeler, knows about my lack of talent and about how to recognize talent, and he produced the best football team probably in the history of the State of Delaware. We are here to congratulate them.  I thank my colleagues for allowing us this time.  I yield now to my colleague who is an equally avid football fan and a graduate of the University of Delaware.  