 President, today, the 9/11 Commission released its report and the Commission Chairman, Thomas H. Kearn, said that an attack ``of even greater magnitude is possible--even probable.'' In fact, intelligence assessments have long warned that al-Qaida is seeking weapons of mass destruction to use against Americans in the United States.  The 9/11 Commission specifically recommended today: ``Support the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program'' and went on to state that it ``is now in need of expansion, improvement, and resources.'' Yet the conference report before us today includes a rescission insisted upon by the other body of $50 million in fiscal year 2003 funding for cooperative threat reduction programs. In other words, although this bill appropriates $409 million for these programs in fiscal year 2005, 12 percent of that amount from prior appropriations is being taken away. I think that is a huge mistake.  These programs, known as ``Nunn-Lugar'' programs after former Senator Sam Nunn and the current distinguished chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Lugar, assist countries of the former Soviet Union in the safe and secure transportation, storage and dismantlement of nuclear weapons and nuclear and chemical materials, as well as preventing the diversion of nuclear materials or equipment. So, we have just cut funding for programs that will help keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of terrorists.  There has been some confusion about the impact of this cut. The official at the Defense Department charges with administering these programs believes that she will be able to move funds around sufficiently to prevent the cancellation of any programs, this time. I hope she is right.  The cooperative threat reduction programs are notorious for how slowly the money is obligated. That is not because the programs are unneeded, or because federal employees are not doing their jobs. Rather, pay-outs are slow because cooperation from the countries concerned and various statutory certifications are required before the funds can be used.  This fact makes the program a tempting target for those looking for a pot of money to raid. But such critical programs must not be looked at as ``bill payers'' for other defense needs.  Neither should we view cooperative threat reduction programs as ``foreign aid.'' That red herring must be put to rest. As former Defense Secretary Bill Perry used to say, CTR is ``defense by other means.'' There is no more pressing national security need than to secure the sources of weapons of mass destruction and keep them out of the hands of terrorists.  I want to put the House on notice today that I will vigorously oppose further cuts in these programs. And should any deobligation of funds benecessary because of this cut, I will urge the President and the Secretary of Defense to reprogram funds to prevent the cancellation of programs and contracts.  We have no greater responsibility than to protect our Nation from an attack with weapons of mass destruction and I, for one, will not stand for this critical program to be chipped away until it becomes ineffective.  