Chairman, what does the amendment that I and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) are offering do today? Our amendment will cut $3 million from the Ex-Im Bank's administrative expenses and $15 million for the Bank's subsidy appropriations.  I would, first of all, point out to all of my colleagues that the remaining subsidies and dollars in this bill for the Ex-Im Bank would still be $100 million more than the President of the United States requested in his budget this year. So even given the cut that the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) and I seek, we will be over the President's request by $100 million.  It is my understanding that with the change in how we will score for loan subsidies, that the range estimated to be provided under this bill will be between $12 and $12.5 billion compared to about $10.5 this year.  Why are we offering this amendment? We are offering this amendment because last year, over the objections of the administration and many Members of this House, the Ex-Im Bank approved an $18 million loan guarantee to Benxi Iron and Steel in China.  This loan increases Benxi's hot roll steel capacity by 11.5 million metric tons at a time when the world capacity is in excess of 280 million tons. Benxi Steel is currently involved in an antidumping case before the International Trade Commission because the Department of Commerce has already found that Benxi has dumped steel, and their margin of dumping on hot roll carbon steel dumping is 67.44 percent. This is also the highest margin found by the Commerce Department of six Chinese companies currently being investigated.  The American Iron and Steel Institute in April of last year wrote to the Ex-Im Bank and explained that China is increasing its government subsidies to steel in preparation for that country's entry into the WTO.  What is the consequence of this loan guarantee? This is a bad loan, and it has put American citizens out of work. Since 1998, 23,000 steel workers have lost their jobs. We now have 19 steel companies that are in bankruptcy, interestingly enough, one of whom declared bankruptcy last Monday when the Ex-Im Bank said they should revise some of their rules as to how these loan guarantees are made.  Within those companies, 42,556 Americans are now in jeopardy. Over 21 percent of all the steel capacity in the United States today is in bankruptcy; and, again, I emphasize there is already a 280-million ton excess capacity on the world market; and the Ex-Im Bank completely ignored that.  The industry has done everything possible to help itself. They have modernized. They have invested billions of dollars. They have closed 30 million tons of steel in the United States of America.  Hot roll products today sell for less than they did 20 years ago. Where are these employees and these bankrupt companies? They are in States like New York, Georgia, Connecticut, Alabama, Missouri, South Carolina, Minnesota, Arizona, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Tennessee, Georgia, West Virginia, Texas, Utah, and now the State of California.  I find it interesting that Monday of last week, the week when people assumed this amendment would be debated in the House of Representatives, the President of the Ex-Im Bank proposed that they would sharpen their criteria in consideration of loans such as this. The President of the Bank said that they should apply to all products where there could be conceivable oversupply with the potential of harming domestic industry. What a terrific coincidence.  The gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) and I and others are offering an amendment today. Last Monday, the Ex-Im Bank found religion. The fact is, under their rules and under their policy handbook, they do not have to change the rules. The rules say they never should have made that loan guarantee in the first place, and they ignored their own handbook.  