Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Black History Month with my colleagues. As we approach the 45th Anniversary of the arrests in which many of Montgomery's African American leaders, including the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., were indicted, tried, and convicted under an old law prohibiting boycotts, it is important for us to remember that the quest for civil rights is an ongoing journey.  The Montgomery Bus Boycott officially began on December 1, 1955, when Rosa Parks, a seamstress and civil rights activist, was arrested for disobeying a city law that required blacks to give up their seats when white people wished to sit in those seats or in the same row. After this arrest, a chain of events unfolded that had an undeniable impact on American society.  African-American community leaders quickly urged all blacks to stay off the city buses on the day that Parks' case was due in court. Dr. King later wrote, ``a miracle had taken place'' when all the buses in Montgomery were empty the following morning.  Capitalizing on the boycott's initial success, local ministers and civil rights leaders met to organize themselves as the Montgomery Improvement Association. As important as the founding of the organization itself, the group elected King as president, and the group quickly moved on a unanimous vote to continue the boycott indefinitely.  Bus boycotts had been held before for short periods of time in other Southern cities, so local authorities were not expecting the Montgomery boycott to last very long. However, the resolve shown by the community was extraordinary. The Montgomery Improvement Association even organized a ``private taxi'' plan, under which blacks who owned cars picked up and dropped off blacks who needed rides at various points throughout the city.  Maintaining the boycott was not easy. Local leaders had their homes bombed, and private taxi drivers were arrested on trumped up traffic charges. Each day that it continued, attempts were made to break the boycott, which had hurt downtown businesses considerably.  In court, black residents of Montgomery pushed hard for complete integration of the city's buses. Because the Brown versus Board of Education decision said that the ``separate but equal'' doctrine had no place in public education, Montgomery's residents argued that the doctrine had no place in any public facilities. On November 13, 1956, the United States Supreme Court declared bus segregation unconstitutional. Montgomery's black residents returned to the buses after the Supreme Court mandate had been enacted in December of that same year--a full 382 days after the protests began.  Trying to put the Montgomery boycott into perspective is not an easy task, but I would argue that there are three key points to be made when discussing its legacy. First, the ascension of Dr. Martin Luther King as a leader is of the utmost importance. The boycott gave Dr. King a leadership position within the national movement, and he quickly became an international symbol of tolerance who worked tirelessly for the advancement of civil rights.  It should also be noted that the work of the work of Dr. King was extraordinary because of his effectiveness at drawing support to the movement. He built a groundswell of support by recruiting like-mined people throughout the South across the normal barriers of race, age, and religion. A good example of this is the creation of the Student Non-violent Coordinating Committee in 1960, where King recruited both black and white college students to lead boycotts, sit-ins, and marches for the cause of civil rights.  Secondly, the Montgomery boycotts are an important aspect of America's history because they caught the attention of the entire nation. The massive scale and duration of this protest was widely reported, heightening public awareness to the lack of the civil rights of African-Americans.  As the first organized mass protest by blacks in Southern history, the Montgomery boycotts also set the tone for the rest of the movement. The boycott's effectiveness demonstrated the power of nonviolent direct action in the quest to end Southern segregation. Similar nonviolent protests and actions, including the important luncheon counter sit-ins that took place throughout the South at segregated stores and restaurants, can be traced to the Montgomery boycotts.  Lastly, honoring the history of the Montgomery boycott reinforces the fact that civil rights require our attention at all times. We must be vigilant at all times, to ensure that no person is every discriminated against on the basis of the color of his or her skin. It may not always be easy, but the path has been laid out clearly for us. Collectively, we must commit ourselves to the protection of each person's unalienable rights to ``life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.''  