Murtha) for controlling time on this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment that I have before the House is the same amendment I offered in full committee 2 weeks ago and, that is, to provide $800 million a year for 3 years to provide assistance on the so-called legacy costs to the domestic steel industry to assist the industry in solving their problems as far as pension costs and health care for retirees, to allow the industry to save itself, to consolidate and to continue to melt steel in the United States of America.  Why am I and others offering this amendment today to this bill? Because it is a matter of utmost national defense. On August 26 of this year, President George Bush said, ``If you're worried about the security of the country and you become overreliant upon foreign sources of steel, it can easily affect the capacity of our military to be well supplied. Steel is an important jobs issue. It is also an important national security issue.''  But why should we today ask the American taxpayer to help a specific industry in this country? It is because they have been injured through no fault of their own by foreign interests. On June 22 of this year, Trade Ambassador Zoellick on behalf of President Bush initiated a section 201 investigation by the International Trade Commission into allegations that serious injury has occurred to the domestic steel industry because of illegally traded steel over the last some years. I would point out to my colleagues that this is the first presidentially initiated 201 investigation in the last 16 years.  On October 22, a little over a month ago, the ITC, comprised of 3 Republicans and 3 Democrats, found that serious injury had occurred to this industry. At this point in time, I would also point out that this is an industry that has done everything possible to save itself. Under the voluntary restraint agreements of the 1980s, the industry has invested $60 billion in itself. Its productivity has increased 156 percent since 1980. And no one on the planet Earth makes steel more efficiently than our domestic industry. It now takes only 3.5 man-hours per ton to produce a ton of steel compared to 10 man-hours per ton two decades ago.  As far as the technology involved with the industry, it is on the cutting edge. Almost 50 percent of the steel purchased by automakers today was not even produced 7 or 8 years ago, given the changes. But I would point out to my colleagues, this is not only an economic issue but it is a humantragedy in the making. These improvements have occurred over the last two decades because 300,000 American citizens gave their economic life. And now we find that injury continues to occur because of illegal trade practices.  The Trade Ambassador has suggested before any final implementation of relief under an ITC recommendation, the industry must consolidate. The industry needs this relief on liability in order to proceed.  Why today? Because the industry cannot wait until next year. The ITC recommendation is not due until December 19, and the President's final action does not have to occur until February 16. But what has happened over the last 36 days since I last appeared before the Committee on Rules in an attempt to offer this amendment to the economic stimulus package? At that time and on that day, on October 23, I indicated to my colleagues in the Committee on Rules that we were losing a steel company at the rate of one every 3 weeks. That was October 23. Today I stand before you and tell you we are losing steel and mining companies at the rate of one every 7 days.  Since October 23, USA Metals in Texas declared bankruptcy. Since October 23, Acme Steel in Illinois ceased all operations and are trying to sell themselves for $1. Since October 23, Geneva Steel in the State of Utah has ceased operations. Since that same date, LTV Corporation filed to protect its assets. And last week in the State of Michigan, Empire Mine idled all of its facilities indefinitely.  I would conclude my remarks on my amendment by reminding my colleagues, we are talking about American citizens who are losing their jobs, families who are losing their income, and I would ask for their consideration.  