Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Callahan) and congratulate him on the work product that the subcommittee has brought before the House today. The gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Callahan) is the chairman, but he is also my classmate from the class of 1984 and also my good friend. He has been a delight to work with. He is very serious about the work product, but not serious about himself. He is very deliberate, and he is very conscientious. He has done a very good job.  The gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Callahan) also enumerated by name each member of the staff on both sides of the aisle, and I would like to add my own personal gratitude for the work that the staff has done. We would not be here today without them.  Mr. Speaker, this is a very good solid work product. It is good for the American economy. It is good for the national security. I would hope that all Members of this body do support this bill.  I do, however, want to make two comments. One is that I would hope as the administration looks at its budget request for 2003, that it send a realistic budget for our investment in our economic infrastructure and our national security.  On the economic front, I would point out that while we did the absolute best that we could with the resources possible, in constant dollars in fiscal year 2002, the appropriations for the Army Corps of Engineers civil works has drastically declined. In fiscal year 2002, we appropriated $4.486 billion compared to $7 billion in constant dollars for 1967.  Additionally, a similar ratio would exist for the general construction dollars. I would point out that backlog for the Army Corps of Engineers totals about $40 billion, and backlog for operation and maintenance for this year alone is estimated to be about $835 million. I hope as the administration and as the Congress looks ahead to the next year, that we recognize a greater investment in our economic infrastructure is going to be necessary.  There has also been a lot of debate on the House floor in the last several days as far as nuclear nonproliferation; and within our financial limitations, we tried to do the best job possible, but there remains problems.  As we look towards a supplement for the coming year and again in investment in ensuring that these weapons of mass destruction cannot be proliferated world-wide, we will have to make a greater investment, and again would call upon the administration. I would call upon the Congress to do a better job in a comparative fashion in fiscal year 2003.  At this time, however, the chairman has covered the elements of the bill. He has done it well. It is a good bill, and I ask my colleagues to support it.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  