Chairman, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding time to me. I also want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano) for the fine work they have done on this bill. I do plan to support it.  I rise now to indicate my concern over a provision mentioned by my colleague, the gentleman from West Virginia, a few minutes ago about the rescission of $10 million from the $145 million Steel Loan Guarantee Program.  The problems that the steel industry faces are manyfold, but one is the complete collapse of the ability to get financing, as well as the number of companies now that find themselves in bankruptcy in the United States of America.  Since December 31, 1997, we have now had 18 companies declare bankruptcy, and one of the concerns that the industry faces is securing financing. We have a loan guarantee program in place. It took a period of time to get up andrunning with it. There were initially some problems as far as the bureaucracy contained therein, and the problem continues to persist as far as securing the guarantees for private investment firms to loan the industry money. Today those guarantees are at 85 percent.  Given the fact that 21 percent of all steel capacity in the United States of America today is in bankruptcy, I think the provision in this bill sends a very negative and very bad signal to those financial institutions as far as reduction in the monies that will be available for those guarantees for the fiscal year. We are not only talking about tonnage in bankruptcy, we are not only talking about companies in bankruptcy, we are talking about people.  The fact is, we have 42,556 Americans working for those 18 companies, some of which may not make it without this loan guarantee program. We have to couple that with the 23,000 people who, over the last 2\1/2\ years, have also lost their jobs in this industry.  I am concerned that this program has a rescission attached to it. I would hope that it can be rectified in conference with the Senate at some future date.  