Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I would follow up on the comments of the gentleman fromTexas (Mr. Frost) regarding the previous gentleman's comments, my good friend from Georgia. He also mentioned that we are very close to Christmas Eve. I would point out to my colleagues that we are on the final evening, the last day of this session of the 107th Congress, but I have in my hand a copy of a headline from one of my local newspapers talking about ``The Last Shift,'' and the death of a steel mill.  I am not so interested tonight, I must tell my colleagues, about stimulating anyone. I am trying to save people's economic lives. In October of this year, many of us sought to be allowed to offer an amendment to the last stimulus package to provide relief for legacy costs, to remove a liability facing the domestic steel industry so it could save itself after the International Trade Commission, pursuant to an investigation initiated gratefully by President Bush, that serious injury had occurred because of violations of our international trade law. We were denied that opportunity.  In November, a similar attempt was made by myself and others, who joined together because we felt this was also an issue not only of saving economic lives but of our national defense, to attach this relief to the national security appropriations bill for people who are losing their economic life every day. We were denied.  It is my understanding that some of my colleagues, as late as this evening, attempted to try to provide relief for guaranteed loans that are set aside for companies such as that enumerated in ``The Last Shift,'' and they were denied.  The fact is, we ought to act in a responsible fashion to preserve the economic and industrial base of this country, our national security, and our jobs. From my observations, the underlying bill that is being debated because of the rule that is before us, does not do that. For that reason I adamantly am opposed to that. I am adamantly opposed to these bills.  I implore my colleagues to understand that if we do not act and act now we will lose the integrated steel industry in the United States of America. They cannot wait until March because they have already had their last shift.  