Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's yielding time to me.  I rise in support of the Democrat substitute to H.R. 3150.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Democratic substitute to H.R. 3150, the Secure Transportation for American Act. This substitute measure would federalize all airport security-screening personnel and restore the feeling of personal security the airline industry lost in the wake of the September 11th terrorist attacks. This is a serious safety issue, one that directly concerns the life and death of innocent Americans, and as such, the solution to this problem should not be politicized.  It has become abundantly clear in recent weeks that the current system of security checks performed by private firms in our nation's airports do not work, and simply giving the Federal Government oversight over this flawed system will not satisfy the safety standards we, as Americans, should require in air travel. Since September 11th, the news media has presented countless accounts of security breaches at airports by both employees and customers. On a flight from New Orleans to Phoenix a passenger alerted the flight crew to a loaded weapon he had unknowingly brought onboard the airplane, a weapon which was not detected by airport security prior to his boarding the flight. We have also seen evidence of criminals and non-U.S citizens employed by these private firms, overseeing the passenger and luggage screening on both our domestic and international flights. We need to look no further than right here at Dulles International Airport where Argenbright Security Inc., a foreign corporation, recently agreed to settle Justice Department allegations that the company violated a court order by, among other things, continuing to hire screeners with criminal records. Argenbright got a second chance. Airline passengers will not. As the old adage goes, fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  Statistics have shown that the national turnover rule for airport screeners is around 120 percent annually. This should not come as a surprise to anyone, as a majority of the screeners receive little training and are often paid less than most the food services employees located within the same airport. With federal law enforcement personnel manning the security operations, we would develop a highly professional security operation, with the proper compensation and benefit programs to attract the right people. This solution would greatly improve the safety of not only airline passengers, but as the events of September 11th have shown, all Americans.  For the first time in our nation's aviation history, parents are struggling with the question of not only whether it is safe for them to fly, but specifically whether it is safe to bring their children along on a commercial airliner. As the father of two young sons, I can sympathize with this difficult dilemma. I want to be able to return to my district and assure all mothers and fathers that I am committed to doing what is necessary so they can safely take their children on family vacations or visits to their grandparents, without the lingering safety doubts we now face.  Airplanes are the primary mode for long distance transportation in this country, and will be for the foreseeable future. It is our duty as federal legislators to restore the confidence of the American people in the safety of air travel. That is why I urge my colleagues to support the Democratic substitute and ensure the safety of the airline industry.  