English), who has introduced this resolution. The gentleman is the chairman of the Congressional Steel Caucus in the House.  The resolution that we have here before us today is very important because the industry, as I think all of my colleagues understand, is imploding as we debate this resolution today. I think the first order of business is to make sure that we do not backslide in any way, shape, or form as far as the existing protections that are put into law.  Why do we need the gentleman's resolution today? First of all, we want to ensure that there is a clear message from the House of Representatives to the new administration that preserving our trade laws as they exist today is a primary focus and of primary importance to us.  Second, it is clear that some would like to see our antidumping and antisubsidy laws changed, and it is important to also send our trading partners a clear message that we will not tolerate this.  Finally, some of our strongest allies, because of travel uncertainties, may not be at the WTO conference in the coming week to assist us in ensuring that there is no backsliding on this issue.  But while I am here to congratulate my good friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. English), and to fully support the legislation he has introduced, which I am a cosponsor of, I would also use my time today to remind our colleagues that the task is not yet finished as far as assistance to the domestic steel industry.  I would point out to my colleagues that Al Tech Specialty Steel Corporation of the State of New York ceased operations on June 29 of this year. Laclede Steel Company in the State of Missouri ceased operation in August this year. I would remind Members that Qualitech Steel in Indiana ceased operations on January 26 of this year. I would remind my colleagues that Gulf States Steel in the State of Alabama ceased operations in this year, the month of January. I would remind my colleagues that on May 18 of this year, Northwestern Steel and Wire, located in the State of Illinois, ceased operations. I would remind my colleagues that CSC Limited in the State of Ohio ceased operations this year. I would further remind my colleagues that Trico Steel also in the State of Alabama ceased operations this year. Great Lakes Metals, Limited, in East Chicago, Indiana, my congressional district, ceased operations in July of this year. Edgewater Steel, Limited, of Oakmont, Pennsylvania, ceased operations on September 28 of this year, as well as Acme Steel Corporation, also of the State of Illinois.  It is not just companies that have ceased operations. It is not just the 10 million additional tons of steel that are no longer melted and produced in the United States of America that are important to all of us. What is important are the 140 people that lost their job in Pennsylvania on September 28. What is important are the 40 people in East Chicago, Indiana, who lost their jobs this year. What is important are the 320 people in Alabama who lost their jobs this year. What is important is the 1,225 people in Warren, Ohio, who lost their jobs this year, or the 1,600 people who lost their jobs at Northwestern Steel and Wire. What is important are the 1,906 people in Gadsden, Alabama, who lost their jobs this year, or the 350 people who used to have a job at Qualitech Steel in the State of Indiana, or those who also worked at Al Tech Specialty Steel, 790 individuals who lost jobs.  I would emphasize that these are individual citizens we are here to represent, and those are good-paying jobs with good benefits; and there are families and households and mortgages that attach to this issue.  We have jobs, we have people, and we have a national defense issue here. Over the last 23 years we have seen 30 million tons of steel capacity closed in the United States of America. In the last 12 to 18 months, we have added another 10 million tons of capacity that have now closed. The problem as I see it is we are the only industrialized Nation on the planet Earth who cannot produce enough steel now to meet our own needs.  I am very pleased that because of the pressure many of us brought with H.R. 808, that the gentleman is also a cosponsor of, that more than a majority of the House have cosponsored, the administration has initiated an investigation by the ITC.  The ITC last month found, to no one's surprise, that serious injury has occurred to the domestic steel industry. There is a remedy phase, and thenthe administration must make a decision as far as the implementation of that remedy.  We have also seen an improvement as far as changing the existing loan guarantee program that was put in place in 1999, increasing that guarantee from 85 percent to 95 percent to give qualified steel companies who have a good business and a reasonable chance of success of making it.  But the industry also needs financial help. Several weeks ago I attempted to have an amendment offered on the House floor to provide $800 million a year for 3 years to help ameliorate the problems that the industry is facing as far as their legacy costs. My concern is if we do not act between now and the middle of December in this body to provide this industry with those dollars, it will cease to exist.  I have five major facilities along the southern shore of Lake Michigan. I would not represent to the Speaker or to any of my Members that those facilities are going to disappear. But my great fear on behalf of the people involved, on behalf of the communities involved, and on behalf of our national defense is when they cease to operate, foreign investors will buy parts. They will close all of our melting capacity. We will no longer make steel in the Great Lakes States. We will process steel in the Great Lakes States. I think that would be a travesty, and I would use my time allotted by the gentleman from Michigan to make that point and implore my colleagues to consider the financing that is necessary for the domestic steel industry to solve their problems.  