 President, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that we are familiar with has provided real benefits to the capital markets. On the other hand, there is no question that its implementation has been too costly, particularly for small public companies. We know this. This is a given.  That is why I am encouraged that the securities regulators charged with implementing this legislation at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB are near the end of a 2-yearprocess to make significant changes that are likely to reduce the unacceptable costs and burdens of section 404 compliance which Senator Dodd alluded to.  This body, I believe, ought to give the regulators, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board a chance to fix this problem, because they have been involved in this for over a year now. It is very complex. Both the SEC and the PCAOB acted last December, just a few months ago, to propose initiatives aimed at reducing the costs associated with section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. These actions are the most significant to date and should lower costs on investments while at the same time preserving the benefits of effective internal controls.  In testimony before the Senate Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee last week, Chairman Cox of the Securities and Exchange Commission stated:       Focusing on the implementation of 404, rather than changing      the law, is consistent with the SEC's view that the problems      we have seen with 404 to date can be remedied without      amending the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.  I am willing to give the SEC a limited opportunity to deliver. Chairman Cox said the Commission's 404 proposal would permit companies to:       Scale and tailor their evaluation procedures to fit their      facts and circumstances, and investors will benefit from the      use-compliance costs.  The SEC is expected to adopt the measure in the next few weeks.  The PCAOB, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board's, proposals to repeal auditing standard No. 2 and replace it with a new standard on auditing internal control over financial reporting would provide, according to PCAOB Chairman Mark Olson:       Additional flexibility to promote scalability, avoid      unintended consequences, and address other valid concerns.  The PCAOB is currently reviewing the comments submitted in response to its proposal and is expected, along with the SEC, to submit the standard for SEC review and approval next month. Chairman Cox of the SEC, whom we have worked with on the Banking Committee a lot, said the two regulators have worked together to ensure that the new rules are:       Mutually reinforceable and should significantly improve the      implementation of section 404, making it more efficient and      effective for small and medium-sized businesses.  That is what we all want. We all agree that unnecessary costs imposed by regulations are a real problem for both large and small companies. The regulators have acknowledged this fact and are attempting to address it. On the Banking Committee that Chairman Dodd now chairs and which I chaired, we have oversight of that, and we have worked with them and have had hearings to give some relief to small businesses here, and they are in the process of doing it. I am willing to give the SEC and the PCAOB some additional time, but I am not willing to give them unlimited time. We shouldn't do that. Chairman Dodd and I intend to monitor closely their progress and hold them accountable should there be any unnecessary delays.  I urge my colleagues this afternoon to support the Dodd-Shelby amendment with the understanding that we intend to follow closely in oversight, working with the regulators, their progress and will take whatever action is necessary to ensure the vitality of our small business community, which is vital and important to America. I urge support of the Dodd-Shelby amendment.  