 President, I rise today to speak on the amendment of Senator Cochran, the amendment to strike the language, of which I am a cosponsor. I raised this in the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense last week. Senator Cochran indicated then that he would do as he has done; that is, to move to strike the language in the supplemental requiring the phased withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq in 120 days, 4 months--120 days.  Mr. President, as you heard--and you have been a party to--4 months is clearly not enough time for General Petraeus or the brave members of our Armed Forces to have a chance to see if a surge in troop numbers could turn the war. I don't know for sure. I had, as a lot of us did, a conversation with General Petraeus before he took command about the troop surge, about the 20,000 troops. I personally think we need 100,000 troops, but we don't have them. General Petraeus is a very smart man. He is a combat soldier. He is in control. I believe to put on an arbitrary timeline of 120 days is the wrong message at the wrong time, where they are beginning--just beginning--to secure some neighborhoods. Will they continue to do this? We hope so. But we should bring every bit of stability we can to the Baghdad area.  I have no illusion about sooner or later coming home. I would like to see our troops come home. I don't think that will be the end of the strugglewith Islamic fundamentalists by any stretch of the imagination, but I think if we are able to stabilize that area of Iraq to some degree, perhaps there can be some kind of diplomatic resolution because ultimately none of us ever envisioned staying in Iraq. We have been there 4 years. I wish we were not there today, but we are and we are heavily engaged.  I think we need to give our Armed Forces every opportunity to succeed. We should not send an ambiguous message to them: We are going to support you today and tomorrow we want you to withdraw, in 120 days, or begin to withdraw. I think that is the wrong message, and I think it would undermine the morale of our troops.  Congress should not be armchair generals. We should not try to micromanage what is going on on the ground. That is why I support the Cochran amendment. We need to give our commanders and our soldiers every chance to succeed in Iraq, to bring stability there, where diplomatic maneuvers then perhaps could begin to work. Sending ambiguous messages to our Armed Forces is not the right way. 