 3295 offered by the Senator from Nevada.  This amendment seeks to take $150 million from NASA and will give it to the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program--a program that is already $400 million dollars over the budget request of zero.  At first glance, a reduction of $150 million from NASA's $17 billion budget would seem minimal.  However, let's look at the facts. After debating this bill, it is clear that NASA is a priority for the Senate.  We debated and added an additional $1 billion to NASA in order to partially compensate for the funding shortfall NASA has endured since the Columbia disaster. This funding will only cover one-third of the $2.7 billion needed to keep NASA on track.  To cut funding will endanger NASA missions that will inform us about the world we live in, and cripple our ability to be competitive in space.  We are in a space race. While we are the current leader in space, there are many countries that want to take our place and are aggressively moving forward to do so.  The administration has articulated, and Congress has endorsed, a vision for exploration. The return of our astronauts to the Moon is a Priority and we have provided the funding to accomplish that goal.  Now this funding is in jeopardy.  And what are we jeopardizing our future for? The State Criminal Alien Assistance Program--a program that was not requested by the administration, and currently is funded in this bill at $400 million.  We are being asked to add $150 million to a program that barely touches many of our States. Since 2000, five States have received 77 percent of the $2.8 billion in funding for this program.  Let me say that again--77 percent, or $2.2 of the $2.8 billion, for this program since 2000 has gone to only five States.  This can hardly be called a national program, although I'm sure it is an important program.  Yet, our Nation's space program benefits the lives of every American. The work that NASA does, from encouraging students into science and engineering careers, to innovative technology advances, improve our quality of life. The forward and innovative thinking at NASA helps to ensure our Nation has the ability to compete, and lead, in the global economy.  We are committed to keeping our leadership role in space.  In order to do so, we must make the right investments in space at the right times. That time is now.  I encourage my colleagues to oppose the Ensign amendment.  Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  