President, I don't know if the Presiding Officer has ever visited Acadia National Park along the coast of Maine. It is an extraordinary place, a place of special beauty. I rise today to introduce the Acadia National Park Improvement Act Of 2007, with the senior Senator from Maine, Ms. Snowe, as my cosponsor.  This legislation would take important steps to ensure the long-term health of one of America's most beloved national parks. It would increase the land acquisition ceiling at Acadia by $10 million, facilitate an off-site intermodal transportation center for the Island Explorer bus system, and extend the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission.  In drafting this legislation, I have worked very closely with park officials and also with Friends of Acadia, a nonprofit community organization that works hard to support the park.  A little background might be helpful. In 1986, Congress enacted legislation designating the boundary of Acadia National Park. Many private lands were, however, contained within the permanent authorized boundary. Congress authorized the park to spend a little over $9 million to acquire those lands from willing sellers.  While all of that money has now been spent, rising land prices have prevented the money from going as far as Congress originally intended. There are now more than 100 private tracts left within the official park boundary. Nearly 20 of these tracts are currently available from willing sellers, but the park simply no longer has the funds to purchase them. Our legislation would authorize an additional $10 million to help acquire these lands. I wish to emphasize that the lands already fall within the authorized boundary of the park, so we are not talking about enlarging the boundary of the park but, rather, filling in the holes at Acadia.  Our legislation would also facilitate the development of an intermodal transportation center as part of the Island Explorer bus system. The Island Explorer has been extremely successful over its first 7 years. These low-emission, propane-powered vehicles have carried more than 1.5 million riders since 1999. In doing so, they have removed hundreds of thousands of vehicles from the park and significantly reduced pollution. Unfortunately, the system lacks a central parking and bus boarding area. As a result, day-use visitors do not have ready access to the Island Explorer.  My legislation would further facilitate the Department of Interior's assistance in planning, construction, and operation of an intermodal transportation center in Trenton, ME. Mr. President, $7 million for this center was included in the 2005 highway bill at the request of Senator Snowe and myself. This will include parking for day uses of the park center, a visitor orientation facility highlighting park and regional points of interest, a bus boarding area, and a bus maintenance garage. This center, which will be built in partnership with the Federal Highway Administration, the U.S. Department of Transportation, the Maine Department of Transportation, and other partners, will reduce traffic congestion, preserve park resources, enhance the visitor experience, and ensure a vibrant tourist economy.  Finally, our legislation would extend the 16-member Acadia National Park Advisory Commission for an additional 20-year period. This Commission was created by the Congress back in 1986, and, regrettably, it expired last year. The Commission consists of three Federal representatives, three State representatives, four representatives from local towns, three from the adjacent mainland communities, and three from the adjacent offshore islands. These representatives serving on this Commission have provided invaluable advice related to the management and the development of the park. The superintendent has found it to be very valuable. The Commission has proven its worth many times over, and it deserves to be extended for an additional 20 years. In fact, it probably should just be made permanent.  Acadia National Park is a true gem of the Maine coastline. The park is one of Maine's most popular tourist destinations, with more than 2 million visitors each year. While unsurpassed in beauty, the park's ecosystem is very fragile. Unless we are careful, we risk substantial harm to the very place that Mainers and, indeed, all Americans hold so dear. In 9 years, Acadia will be 100 years old. Age has brought both increasing popularity and greater pressures on this national treasure. By providing an additional $10 million to protect sensitive lands already within the boundary of the park, by expanding the highly successful Island Explorer transportation system, and by extending the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission, this legislation will help to make the park stronger and healthier than ever on the occasion of its centennial anniversary.  I yield the floor.      By 