President, first, let me thank the Senator from Iowa for yielding time to me.  As a longtime supporter of stem cell research, I am pleased the Senate is once again taking up the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act. I am very proud to be a cosponsor of this bipartisan bill. It will expand the number of stem cell lines that are eligible for federally funded research, enabling scientists to take full advantage of the scientific and medical opportunities provided by stem cells. At the same time, the bill establishes clear standards to ensure this research is conducted ethically.  The promise of embryonic stem cell lines lies in their potential to develop into virtually any cell, tissue, or organ in the body. As a consequence, this research holds tremendous potential to treat, and perhaps even cure, a vast array of diseases and conditions. Researchers could, for example, potentially generate insulin-producing islet cells for patients with juvenile diabetes; neurons to treat Parkinson's disease, ALS, and Alzheimer's, as well as bone marrow cells to treat cancer. It is estimated that more than 100 million Americans are afflicted by diseases or disabilities that have the potential to be treated through this promising research.  I have heard some of our colleagues today, in arguing against this bill, say that the promise won't be fulfilled, that it is overblown, and that it is raising false hopes. We cannot say for certain what avenue of scientific research is necessarily going to produce the results all of us hope for, but surely it makes no sense to cut off a promising source of research that could benefit from Federal funds. I, for one, am very optimistic about the potential. There are no guarantees. There are no guarantees with any scientific research, but certainly the promise is there. It would be foolhardy for us to continue to restrict this research, to place artificial barriers in the way of research that offers such hope and such promise to so many American families.  In August of 2001, President Bush announced that Federal funds could, for the first time, be used to support research on embryonic stem cells. But that research, under the President's Executive order, was limited to existing stem cell lines that were created prior to 9 p.m. on that day.  In the 5\1/2\ years since the President made that announcement, this stem cell policy has fallen far short of its original goals. While the Human Embryonic Stem Cell Registry at the NIH lists 78 stem cell lines, at best, no more than 22 lines will ever be available for research under the current policy. Moreover, as Dr. John Gearhart of Johns Hopkins University told the Special Committee on Aging last year, existing lines are ``contaminated with animal cells, lack genetic diversity, are not disease-specific, and are not adequate for researchers to apply to a wide variety of diseases.'' Limiting researchers to these lines, therefore, places huge and unnecessary roadblocks in the way of possible treatments and cures for a wide range of devastating diseases.  We have learned a lot about stem cells since 2001. For example, scientists have now created methods for growing stem cell lines that are free of animal cells, thus greatly improving their potential for treating and curing disease. They have also created disease-specific stem cell lines. Under the current Federal policy, however, these new and improved stem cell lines are not available to federally funded researchers in the United States. It is time for us to update our stem cell policy to reflect what we have learned so that we can accelerate this important research.  The legislation before us lifts the current restriction so that stem cell lines are eligible for federally funded research, regardless of the date on which they are created. Federal funding, however, would continue to be restricted to stem cells derived from embryos originally created for fertility treatments that are in excess of the clinical need and that otherwise would be discarded. That is the issue before us. Are we going to use these stem cells--these cell clusters which otherwise would be thrown away--for what could be lifesaving and life-enhancing research? That is the issue.  The legislation has other important safeguards that require informed consent of the donors, and it prohibits any financial inducement to donate. Finally, the bill calls upon the NIH to develop strict guidelines to ensure that researchers adhere to clear ethical and moral standards.  As the founder and the cochair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I am particularly excited about the promise stem cell research holds for an ultimate cure for diabetes. Early research has shown that stem cells have the potential to develop into insulin-producing cells to replace those which have been destroyed in individuals suffering from type 1 diabetes.  During the last Congress, I chaired a hearing in conjunction with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation Children's Congress to examine the devastating impact juvenile diabetes has had on too many American children and their families. We heard heartbreaking testimony from children who traveled here to tell us what it is like to live with juvenile diabetes, just how serious it is, and how important it is that we fund the research necessary to find a cure.  One of those was a constituent of mine from Falmouth, ME, Steffi Rothweiler. She told the committee that she could not remember having a normal life without diabetes. She described her parents, who have given up a full night's sleep and their weekends, on guard every hour of every day to make sure Steffi's diabetes is controlled as tightly as possible so that she can stay as healthy as possible. Steffi asks that we do all we can to find a cure for diabetes as quickly as possible. We simply cannot ignore the potential embryonic stem cell research holds for children like Steffi.  I am sensitive to the ethical concerns raised by opponents of this research. But I wish to emphasize once again that the cell clusters which will be used for this research would otherwise be discarded. In my view, the ethical choice is to use them for research that may benefit millions of Americans rather than just discard them as medical waste.  Moreover, what is often ignored in this debate is that embryonic stem cell research is now occurring in the private sector and in other countries outside the purview of the NIH. Therefore,if we could extend these ethical guidelines that routinely accompany federally funded research, all of us should be for that as a goal.  I wish to quote testimony from Dr. Allen Spiegel, who was, at the time, Director of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. He made that very point at our 2005 hearing on juvenile diabetes. He testified that, while NIH routinely worked very closely with the private sector, in the area of stem cell research, ``there is a wall.'' By expanding our current stem cell policy, we can tear down that wall, allowing for more research but ensuring that it is conducted with clear ethical standards.  Now, the other argument we always hear is that we don't need to have this kind of stem cell research because adult stem cells derived from tissue, such as bone marrow, are a sufficient replacement for embryonic stem cells in forwarding this important research.  The fact is, both are promising. But, again, as Dr. Spiegel testified at the hearing that I chaired with regard to diabetes research:       We need to do embryonic stem cell first because it can give      us a better understanding of what causes type 1 diabetes . .      . because it will actually inform our ability to work with      adult stem cells . . . and finally, because, and one cannot      guarantee or promise this, the embryonic stem cells      themselves, if successfully turned into insulin-secreting      beta cells, could be the source of cell therapy.  That is the testimony from the experts.  It would be tragic not to take advantage of this opportunity to accelerate research that can potentially help millions of people suffering from devastating illnesses. I urge our colleagues to join in voting for this important legislation.  Again, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. This is legislation that truly can make a difference to the lives and well-being of so many American families.  Thank you, Mr. President.  