President, as this session of the Senate draws to a close, I want to say thanks and farewell to one of our most dedicated Members, Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi, and to wish him all the best in the next phase of his life.  In his 36 years of service as a Member of both the House and the Senate, Trent Lott has consistently demonstrated his deep commitment to our nation and to his state. His amazing understanding of intricate Senate rules and procedures has guided us through many challenges. His outstanding work as our Republican whip has strengthened our caucus and our two-party system.  I have had the privilege of working with Senator Lott on two issues of paramount importance to the safety and security of our Nation. Like me, he comes from a shipbuilding State and he fully understands how essential seapower is to preserving our freedom. We have worked together to strengthen our Navy and to pursue a dual-shipyard strategy because it is in the best interests of America.  As a leader of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I had the opportunity to work closely with Senator Lott during our investigation of the response to Hurricane Katrina. His knowledge of the gulf region was invaluable, and his compassion for the victims of that disaster was inspiring. Although his own home was destroyed by the storm, Senator Lott was on the front lines from the start, directing resources where they were most needed and helping cut through the redtape. Before Katrina hit, he had planned to step down from the Senate last year, but with the needs so great and with a contribution yet to make, he instead ran again so that he could continue to serve at a time when his experience and dedication were most needed.  Although Maine and Mississippi are separated by great distance, both are rural States facing similar challenges, and I have always found Senator Lott a strong ally in meeting them. I was especially pleased to cosponsor his Amtrak reauthorization bill, which recognized that the benefits of modern rail service must be made available to all States and to all of the American people.  Last April, I had the honor, at Senator Lott's invitation, of addressing students at his beloved University of Mississippi. Specifically, I addressed students at Ole Miss's Trent Lott Leadership Institute, a designation made in honor of his commitment to public service. It is a commitment that has greatly benefitted our Nation, and it is the legacy for which Senator Trent Lott will always be remembered.  