President, I rise today to discuss the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007. This bill has taken on many names and many forms over the last year. While I am pleased to see this Congress at last addressing ethics issues, I am disappointed that the bill is being brought to the floor in this manner and in this form.  Last year, when I was chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, the committee produced a bipartisan bill that the Senate passed in March 2006 by a vote of 90 to 8. That bill never became law, and as a result those issues were never addressed. But when Congress failed to take action, the American people stood up and sent a powerful message. The last election took place in the shadow of far too many revelations of questionable--or downright illegal--conduct by Members of Congress. When we returned to Washington in January, the first priority of this Senate was to take steps to restore the confidence of the American people in their Government.  It is unfortunate that we now find ourselves nearly 7 months later--taking up yet another version of this bill with several provisions that are far weaker than they should be. In particular, I am disappointed that in spite of a 98-0 Senate vote in favor of strong earmark disclosure rules, the provision now before us is weak and riddled with loopholes. I cannot understand why the majority leadership has chosen to ignore the clearly expressed will of the Senate in this way.  I draw my colleagues' attention to the first page of this new bill, in which its purpose is stated as, ``To provide greater transparency in the legislative process.'' This declaration--made without a trace of irony--belies the fact that this version of the bill was developed in closed-door discussions between the majority leader of the Senate and the Speaker of the House. Ethics is not an issue of the right or the left, so why has the process of drafting ethics legislation suddenly become so partisan?  In spite of these reservations, I will support this bill because I believe that it does contain positive provisions that are long overdue. Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes is said to have once noted, ``Sunlight is the best disinfectant,'' and this bill does bring sunlight into some of the dark corners of the legislative process.  The bill requires more frequent filings under the Lobbying Disclosure Act, and more detailed disclosure of lobbyist activities in those reports. In addition, it makes that information readily available to the public via the Internet.  The bill also contains a change to the Senate rules to eliminate, at long last, the undemocratic practice of anonymous holds in the Senate. The hallmark of this body should be free and open debate, and a process that allows a secret hold to kill a bill without a word of debate on the floor is antithetical to that principle.  The bill contains important provisions to slow the so-called revolving door problem where Members of Congress and their senior staffs leave Government jobs and then turn around to lobby the institution they once served.  These provisions--which I note, are substantially the same as those that the Senate passed earlier this year--are a step forward in restoring the American people's confidence in the integrity of their leadership.  In November 2006, the American people sent Congress a message that they had lost faith in the integrity this institution. I will support this bill because it takes a step forward in restoring the people's faith in the work we do here, but unfortunately I am left to conclude that had there been a better process, there would have been a better bill.  