President, I rise to speak in strong support of the $10 million in the Senate fiscal year 2008 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations Act for the landmark Penobscot River Restoration Project, the most significant river restoration project ever in the eastern United States. I was pleased to work with my colleague from Maine to secure funding for this important environmental restoration project. This funding will provide significant federal cost-share toward the purchase of three hydropower dams on the Penobscot River that are slated for removal. When the project is complete, nearly 1,000 miles of habitat for endangered Atlantic salmon and other fish species will be restored.  Atlantic salmon populations have declined drastically in the last 200 years, from an estimated half million adult salmon returning to U.S. rivers each year in the early 1800s to as few as 1,000 in 2001. The National Academy of Sciences completed a report in 2004 on Atlantic salmon in Maine which identified several specific threats to the recovery of Maine's salmon populations. Top among them was the obstructed passage and habitat degradation caused by dams. The National Academy of Sciences recommended that dam removal projects are precisely what is needed to best enhance Atlantic salmon populations.  The Penobscot River Restoration Project represents such a comprehensive effort and is one of the largest, most creative river restoration projects in our Nation's history. In fact, Interior Secretary Kempthorne highlighted the project as a successful example of cooperative conservation during his September 20, 2006, visit to Brewer, ME.  The 5-year, $50 million project would restore the natural flow of Maine's largest watershed. This project is a partnership of the State of Maine, local communities, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the U.S. Department of Interior, the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Penobscot Indian Nation, the Atlantic Salmon Federation, PPL Corporation, the Natural Resources Council of Maine, and other environmental groups.  In addition to enhancing Atlantic salmon recovery efforts, it will also have far-ranging benefits for the entire Gulf of Maine, protecting endangered species, migratory birds, and a diversity of riverine and estuarine wetlands. Finally, the project will help revive the social, cultural, and economic traditions of New England's second largest river.  The merits of this project are demonstrated by the fact that it has attracted both federal and private support. The federal government has already contributed $5.5 million to this important project, and a private fundraising campaign recently reached its goal of raising $10 million.  I congratulate the Penobscot River Restoration Trust for its outstanding efforts to secure funding for this critical project. Their dedication and commitment, sustained over years of effort, have helped bring the project closer to completion.  The Penobscot River Restoration Project is a critical environmental restoration project. Including the $10 million in the final FY 2008 Commerce,Justice, Science Appropriations bill is crucial to ensure the success of the project. I urge swift passage of the bill.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  