 You can read the entire 567 pages of the ``9/11 Commission Report'' as I have and you will not find a recommendation to undertake 100-percent scanning of cargo containers. This bill's purpose--the bill before us--is to finish the business of implementing the 9/11 Commission Report recommendations. Senator Schumer's and Senator Menendez's amendment is not one of the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission.  Further, I want to address what has been said about our system for improving the security of our seaports by focusing on cargo container security.  The fact is a great deal has been done since the attacks on our country on September 11, 2001. We have a layered approach to cargo security. It balances security interests against the need for efficient movement of millions of containers through our seaports each year--11 million, in fact, last year alone.  One layer is the screening of all cargo manifests at least 24 hours before the cargo is loaded onto ships bound for our shores. That screening, along with work done by the Coast Guard, is used in DHS's automated targeting system which identifies high-risk containers.  As a result of the cargo security bill that we passed last fall, we have a requirement that 100 percent of all high-risk cargo be subjected to scanning and that is appropriate. We want to focus our resources on the cargo that is of highest risk. But that is only one layer in the process.  Another layer is the Container Security Initiative. This program stations Customs and Border Protection officers at foreign ports. CSI will be operational in 58 foreign ports by the end of this year, covering approximately 85 percent of all containerized cargo headed to the United States by sea. That is another layer of security.  There is yet another one. It is the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, known as C-TPAT. This program is a cooperative effort between the Government and the private sector to secure the entire supply chain. It is a result of the legislation Senator Murray, Senator Coleman, Senator Lieberman, and I authored last year.  Firms that participate in C-TPAT and secure their supply chain are given certain advantages when it comes to scanning cargo because DHS will have certified that they have met certain standards. That is an important layer of security.  There is another important safeguard that is a result of the SAFE Port Act, and that is the law requires by the end of this year that the 22 largest American ports must have radiation scanners which will ensure that 98 percent--98 percent--of inbound containers are scanned for radiation. That is because we do have the technology to do scanning for radiation. We have these radiation portal monitors that trucks can drive through with the containers loaded on them and be scanned for radiation. There is a problem with some false positives. I was describing earlier that for some reason, marble and kitty litter tend to cause false positives. But at least we identify these containers that are giving off alarms, and then they are subject to further inspection and search, and that makes sense.  I should mention we are also installing these overseas as part of the Department of Energy's Megaports Initiative.  The idea that nothing has been done to secure our seaports since 9/11 is demonstrably false. We took a giant step forward last year with the passage of the SAFE Port Act.  There is more that is being done, however, and that is, as Senator Lieberman and Senator Coleman have explained, the new law authorizes pilot programs to test 100-percent integrated scanning programs.  We keep hearing Hong Kong brought up, but the fact is, in Hong Kong, there is scanning being done on only 2 of 40 lines, and the images are not being read. What good is it to take the picture, the X-ray, essentially, but then not have anyone analyzing the images? How does that increase security?  We still will learn something from the Hong Kong project, but I think we are going to learn even more from the three projects the Department has started already as a result of the SAFE Port Act.  There have been allegations that somehow the Department is sitting on its hands. That is not true. In fact, three ports--one in the United Kingdom, one in Honduras, and one in Pakistan--have been selected already and the projects are going forward to test these pilot programs. I think that is important to know.  So we have made a great deal of progress. We are going to make more as a result of these pilot projects. But the whole point is until we have the technology in place to do this effectively and efficiently, it will cause a massive backup in our ports if we are trying to scan 11 million containers--low-risk containers, containers that pose absolutely no threat to the security of this country--and that approach does not make sense.  Finally, let me read something from the Chamber of Commerce which has sent around an alert on this issue because I think this summarizes the issue:       The Chamber points out that more than 11 million containers      arrive at our Nation's seaports each year and 95 percent of      our Nation's trade flows through our seaports.  