 I wish to make some unscripted comments, but sincere and from the heart. I hope I am accurate when I say this, that I think in some respect I discovered Tom Coburn. I suspect that Tom and I are the only two who have ever been to Adair, OK. I remember hearing that there was a conservative doctor from Muskogee. I remember calling him up at that time and asking him to run for the House of Representatives, which he did. He kept his commitments and did everything he was supposed to do. I always remember that day.  As Senator Coburn knows, we have a place my wife and I built on a big lake in Oklahoma back in 1962--a long time ago. When I drive up there, I go through Adair, and I go by that little sheltered area that is half torn down now. They tore down the biggest bank in town. Every time I go by there, I have to say I recall meeting for the first time with a young doctor named Tom Coburn.  I regret to say there are times in our service together when we have not been in agreement on specific issues, and I think we have a characteristic in common. I think we are both kind of bullheaded, which has created some temporary hard feelings, but there is one thing that overshadows that. Jesus has a family, and His family has a lot of people in it. Some are here in this room. Tom Coburn and I are brothers.  In the 20 years I have been here in the Senate, I don't believe I heard a speech that was as touching and sincere as the speech I heard from my junior Senator a few minutes ago.  I really believe that in spite of all the things that have happened--and there were some differences, but they were minor--that he never ceased to be my brother, and I want to ask the Senator right now to forgive me for the times I have perhaps said something unintentionally that was not always right and was not always from the heart. But I want my junior Senator to know that I sincerely love him and am going to be hurting with him with the troubles he has right now, or might have in the future, and will sorely miss him in this body.  I ask that the Record show that I sincerely love my brother, Senator Coburn.  I yield the floor.  