President, let me say first of all to leave that chart up, because it shows very clearly that I might have the biggest dog in this fight. I do not know. But I will say that Cushing, OK, has more pipelines coming through, throughout the United States, than any other city in America. That is where they all come through.  A few minutes ago the Senator from Wyoming was talking about what the President said less than a year ago, that he was going to be cooperating, we are going to do this thing, it will be the best thing for America. He has not done it. But I will tell you what is worse than that. This right here: because of this pipeline, the hub we have in Cushing, OK--the President went to Cushing, OK; this was about a year ago--over 2 years ago he did--he went there to affirm to the American people that he is going to do all he can to make sure this pipeline becomes a reality. Read this, I ask my friend from North Dakota. It says:       I am directing my administration to make this project a      priority, to go ahead and get it done.  He has made this--I am not going to use the L word because it sounds disrespectful, and I lose credibility when I do that. He is saying something that is not true. He moved from that, and he has done everything since that time to destroy the pipeline.  That was when they were talking about the southern leg. Well, obviously the southern leg is not a problem because the southern leg does not cross an international border, so the President couldn't stop that even if he wanted to. So he was taking credit for that, but he is certainly underestimating the people of Oklahoma. In fact, nobody showed up when he was there. So that portion between Canada and Cushing is where the problem began.  I am going to throw out something very briefly. I also did this yesterday on the floor, but I think it is important.  There is a new surge of opposition to this that wasn't there before this happened. Tom Steyer is a very fine person, I am sure--I don't know him--but Tom Steyer has put up $100 million--his words, not mine--$50 million of his own money, to do two things. One is to resurrect global warming, which is dead. If we read the polls today, people have caught on. It is now No. 14 out of 15 of the environmental concerns, according to all the polling data. So he is trying to bring that up again. The second thing he is trying to do is stop the Keystone Pipeline.  I say to my friend from North Dakota, and I don't want to sound disrespectful, but $50 million of that is his own money, and he has that out there right now. I am going to quote him:       It is true that we expect to be heavily involved in the      midterm elections.  Fifty million of his own money.       We are looking at a bunch of . . . races. . . . My guess is      that we'll end up being involved in 8 or even more races.  The Keystone Pipeline would create 42,000 jobs and tens of thousands more. If you look at my State of Oklahoma, about one-third of all those jobs are in the State of Oklahoma.  Keystone is just the tip of the iceberg. When we look at this chart, we can see all of the domestic energy resources that are being developed around the county right now. We are going through a shale revolution, and the only thing getting in its way is the Federal Government.  Look at this next chart. I can remember back when people considered the only oil States to be west of the Mississippi, the Western United States. But with the Marcellus coming through, you could argue--and I have seen the argument in the State of Pennsylvania, for example--it provides the second-most jobs in that State. Yet they need to be aware that this is what is happening in the United States.  If we look at this map, it shows what we could do if we also had the Federal lands included in that. In fact, one of the shocking things we hear when we talk about the Federal lands is that in the past 6 years--and that is since President Obama has been there, and he has done everything he could to retard the progress of oil and gas since he came to office. The production on State lands is up 61 percent--that is in 6 years, up 61 percent--and natural gas is up 33 percent. However, on Federal lands--land the President can affect--oil production is down 6 percent. How can production be up 61 percent on State lands and down 6 percent on Federal lands? I think that shows the commitment that is there.  ICF International is a well-respected consulting firm. It is not Republican or Democratic. They recently released a report that says U.S. companies will need to invest $641 billion over the next 20 years in infrastructure to keep up with growing oil and gas production. What does that mean for jobs? According to the analysis, spending on these new pipelines alone will create 432,000 new jobs. It goes on and on talking about this.  I asked the same question: How could it be--6 years ago I thought that this was a piece of cake, that this was going to be done. What is the argument against it? There are people who fight against fossil fuels. That is alive and well. But they know they are going to be producing it anyway, and if it goes to China--and there are already discussions; that is public record--if it gets to China, they are going to have to go through the refining process, and they don't have any restrictions on emissions in China. So the argument is that if they do it, there are going to be more emissions--if they find that to be so offensive--than if we do it here in the United States where we have the capability to produce and have the jobs here.  When I go back to Oklahoma, people say: What are the arguments against it? I try to explain the argument they are using, but they don't buy it. Of course, I am in Oklahoma talking to normal people.  Anyway, good luck. We are going to do all we can do to make this a reality. We are going to win this eventually, but I am afraid we have the opposition of this administration, and unless we get that turned around, we will have to wait for another President.  