President, January 2014 may go down on record as the coldest of the months in United States history. Between the freezing temperatures from last week's polar vortex storms, much of the Nation experienced record cold weather at least once or twice, and this has been going on now for the last 3 years. While we won't have official nationwide temperature data for January for a few more weeks, we do have preliminary figures. Throughout the entire month, over 2,387 daily cold temperature records were set around the country, and many of those were in my State of Oklahoma. At least 49 of these daily records occurred on January 6 and 7 when the first round of the polar vortex hit. In Tulsa yesterday it went down to 2 below zero. That was a recordbreaker--that had held since 1912. That was the last time it got that cold. The same day in Enid, OK, it got down to minus 3. In Bartlesville--and this may be wrong, but the figure showed it was actually minus 14, making it even colder than the South Pole, where it was only minus 11.  The cold weather is continuing into February. Many schools canceled classes today around the State of Oklahoma because of the cold weather. It snowed more than 2\1/2\ inches in Tulsa yesterday, 5.2 inches in Henryetta, just south of Tulsa.  There was an article in the Daily Oklahoman. They have a great zoo over there, but they reported that the grizzly bears refused to go outside their habitat yesterday because it was too cold.  I know many in the media cry foul when I talk about global warming when it gets cold outside, but is this really any different from the President talking about global warming on a hot day in June of last year when he announced his climate action plan? No one seemed to mind that, but there seems to be a different set of rules when we talk about how cold it has been, which it has been for the last 3 years.  When we experience extreme cold like we have had the last few weeks, everyone in their right mind takes a step back and wonders if global warming is really happening. When you look at the facts, you just have to wonder. Consider this quote from the journal Nature, which stated that over the last 15 years, ``the observed [temperature] trend is . . . not significantly different from zero [and] suggests a temporary `hiatus' in global warming.''  This is something that has been a pattern for a long period of time. I can recall--and I am going from memory now--from the time they started keeping these temperatures, we started the first cold spell of recent history in 1895, and that lasted until 1918; 1918 turned into another warming area that went to 1945; and 1945 to 1975 was again another cooling spell and, of course, from 1975 to 2000. So we know what has been happening.  The President has not acknowledged this fact. In fact, on multiple occasions he has said--and this is something he has said over and over--``the temperature around the globe is increasing faster than was predicted even 10 years ago.'' Unfortunately for his talking points, the data that has been reported in Nature magazine, the Economist, and even in the United Nations IPCC report shows that is just simply not true.  Two weeks ago, in a hearing we had in the Environment and Public Works Committee, my friend Senator Sessions pressed EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on this point, asking her whether the President's statement was true. Ultimately, after running around the question for a few minutes, she said, ``I can't answer that.'' You may not think this is an important fact, but it is. The President's entire climate action plan and efforts to regulate carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases are built fully on the fact that global warming is happening and that we are all going to die if we don't do something about it.  What we all need to be aware of is that the impact of the President's climate action plan, when implemented, will be stunning. It will completely adopt global warming policies and the implementation of regulations like cap and trade. The President has already done a stunning amount of this work already. We have been able to uncover that in the first 4 years he was in office, he actually spent--and people are not aware of this--$110 billion of taxpayer money on global warming-related activities.  The cap-and-trade legislation we have debated over the last 10 years carries a price tag of $300 billion to $400 billion a year. It would have been the largest tax increase in American history. It was soundly defeated--a bill in the Senate--but through the climate action plan the President is now trying to accomplish by regulation what he couldn't achieve through legislation.  We have heard the term ``the imperial President'' being used recently.Well, listen to what was stated in the State of the Union Message, and these are the words he used: ``We are going to set new standards on carbon pollution from power plants.'' What he is saying is this: We couldn't pass it for 12 years with four bills to do that. We can't get more than 25 percent of the Members to vote for it, so we are going to do it through regulation.  The first round of greenhouse gas regulations was proposed in the first week in January. These regulations, if finalized, would impose strict regulations on new powerplants that would make it impossible to build a coal-fired powerplant. You may wonder: Do we really need coal anymore with all the new energy we have coming onto the market, with the natural gas and the shale deposits and all that? The answer is yes.  Before I go into that discussion, I think it is important to point out a problem with the timing of the new rules proposal. I had a chart here--I don't have it with me right now--that showed that when I was ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Committee--and this would have been way back in October 2012--we released a report highlighting the administration's actions to delay the finalization of costly environmental regulations until after the 2012 Presidential elections. Whether it was the farm dust rule or the ozone standard, the President punted regulation after regulation until after the election to minimize the influence it would have on voters. It appears that is exactly what is happening today with the first round of greenhouse gas regulations for the construction of new powerplants.  As we know, under the Clean Air Act new rules for powerplants must be finalized within 1 year of the proposal's publication in the Federal Register--that is what kicks it off, when it is written in the Federal Register--or the proposed rule is invalidated. This is important because after announcing his climate action plan, the President ordered the EPA to ``issue a new proposal by no later than September 20, 2013.'' The EPA proposed a new rule on September 20, but it did not publish in the Federal Register until January 8, 2014--this past January. Had the EPA published this rule in the Register on the same day they proposed it on September 20, 2013, they would have been forced to finalize the rule by September 20, 2014, which would be 6 weeks before the 2014 elections.  This reveals an astounding double standard and is consistent with the remarks made at the State of the Union. On the one hand, the President says we don't have time to delay action on global warming. He says we must act before it is too late. But on the other hand, his actions show that it is OK to wait to finalize rules that will harm the economy until after the elections. Ultimately, this hypocrisy reveals that the administration is fully aware that the EPA's greenhouse gas regulations will put a drag on the economy, and now that we are starting to see strains of our electricity markets develop, the cost is becoming real to consumers.  Consider American Electric Power, one of the country's largest electric companies. They are the ones that actually supply the power for my State of Oklahoma. Last week, during the recent cold weather, they reported they were running 89 percent of the coal generation they scheduled to retire in 2015. But these coal-fired powerplants, which were critical to keeping homes all around the country warm during these cold temperatures, are going to be shut down because of President Obama's environmental regulations.  American Electric Power said: What it should make everyone think about is, what are we going to do when the generation is not available? We need to be thinking about reliability and resilience in extreme times, not just the status quo.  If this recent cold weather occurs again in a year or two from now, once these plants are shut down, there simply will not be enough electricity available to keep homes and businesses warm. If cold weather pushes electricity demand up to the point where remaining powerplants are overloaded--the ones that haven't been shut down by the President--it could result in massive blackouts, and when Americans need their electricity it won't be there. It would be as if we were living in the 1600s and everyone will be cold. Again, the annual cost of this would be in excess of $300 billion to $400 billion that would be a hit on the GDP. And this does not even begin to measure the suffering we would have to experience.  The President, as he has done with ObamaCare, may just say that these plants can stay open, that he won't enforce these new rules he is creating, but I don't think that is realistic. American Electric Power's warning comes in the wake of regulations the President has already finalized. The new ones that are being developed will make things even worse by making coal-fired powerplants impossible to build or keep open. What has been a steady source of cheap electricity will be gone in just a few short years.  I have long said the Clean Air Act was never intended to regulate greenhouse gas emissions; it was written only to include the most egregious, harmful air pollutants, not carbon dioxide and other harmless greenhouse gases.  Surprisingly, even some Democrats are starting to publicly agree with me. Last week, at an Energy and Commerce Committee meeting over in the House, Congressman John Dingell from Michigan, a staunch Democrat, said, ``Like most members of this committee, I think the Supreme Court came up with a very much erroneous decision on whether the Clean Air Act covers greenhouse gases. Like many members of this committee, I was present when we wrote that legislation, and we thought it was clear enough that we didn't clarify it, thinking that even the Supreme Court was not stupid enough to make that finding.''  That is a direct quote from John Dingell. So I wish the Supreme Court would have sided with Congressman Dingell.  As things now stand, the EPA is poised to put the Nation out of business with greenhouse gas regulations that would cost the entire economy some $300 billion to $400 billion.  Every year I always calculate the number of people in my State of Oklahoma who file Federal income taxes. This $300 billion to $400 billion cost would mean about $3,000 per family of those who file Federal income tax returns. So it is a huge amount, and it would be the largest tax increase in history. Out of this concern, I am introducing a commonsense bill today, the Electricity Reliability and Affordability Act, which will allow States to keep their powerplants open if they believe it is necessary to maintain electricity, reliability, and affordability. In other words, the States can opt out.  American Electric Power's announcement should cause all of us great concern, but the EPA is not listening. States have long protected and conserved their environments with great success, and State governments are in a much better position to determine which powerplants should and should not remain open, despite the regulations.  I know my friend from Colorado is waiting to take the floor, so the last thing I will say is that in the State of the Union Message, the President made the statement that he is going to go ahead and do this, regardless of the fact that we have killed this legislation four times over the last 12 years. And at that time, I was talking about $300 billion to $400 billion as the cost, but that would have been the cost if this had been legislation. Specifically, talking about legislation such as the Lieberman-Warner act and several of the others, that would regulate sources with at least 10,000 tons of CO2 emissions. However, if you do it by regulation and not legislation, that would have to be under the Clean Air Act, which would regulate systems of 250 tons of CO2 a year. So while the legislation would have regulated the CO2 emissions for powerplants, refineries, and major factories, if the President is able to do it through regulations, that would cover every school, every church, and every apartment house in the Nation. So it is very significant.  I know that right now we are on the farm bill, but we have to remind people that this is something that has been just announced that they are going to be doing.  I remember when Lisa Jackson was the Director of the EPA. She was appointed by President Obama. I asked her the question: If we are to regulate this and one of these bills would pass,which means we would be regulating CO2 emissions, would this have the effect of reducing CO2 worldwide?  She said: No, because that would only apply to the United States of America.  That is not where the problem is. The problem is in China, India, in Mexico, and other places.  So I remind my fellow Members this is something very serious and worthy of consideration at this time.  I yield the floor.  