We have been working on the problem of sexual assault, and the reality is that Congress has been aggressive in instituting reforms to tackle sexual assault in the military since the fiscal year 2009 Defense Authorization Act. We have enacted 47 provisions, either directly addressing sexual assault or instituting reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice that will improve efforts to address allegations of misconduct.  These reforms have strengthened the protections and the care of the victims while preserving the rights of the accused. These historic reforms are vital to ensuring a sound, effective, and fair military justice system.  I look at the bill we are considering that will be coming up in a short while. The bill would modify the court-martial convening authority in a way that I believe creates very serious procedural problems.  In a January 28, 2014, letter to the Department, it cited--and I am going to cite some very technical problems:       Potentially irreconcilable and could result in long delays      from bringing some cases to trial and, if a conviction      ultimately results, could produce still more years of      appellant litigation, perhaps ultimately culminating in the      conviction's reversal.  To make matters even worse, the bill includes a requirement that the new military judge advocate billets required to perform these duties must be taken from existing billets. This is what we have been fighting and arguing about, the problems that we are having now in the overall military. No billet growth is authorized in this, so it will have to come from existing billets.  I received a personal letter from the Judge Advocate General of the Army, General Darpino.  He said:       The bill would not be cost neutral. According to initial      estimates, the Army would require an additional 50 judge      advocate colonels along with the increase of about 200 judge      advocates of other ranks and about 150 legal support staff.  That is a quote. She went on to say:       . . . this is happening at a time when the services are      attempting to reduce their personnel costs to accommodate      shrinking budgets. And that is just the impact in the Army.      On November 18, 2013, the Department of Defense provided an      assessment of the devastating impact of the Gillibrand bill.      The Defense office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation      estimate a total cost of over $113 million per year--  That is every year--     to implement her bill in the Army, Navy, Air Force and      Marines. Not only is her bill not executable in a cost-     neutral basis, it is not possible to grow the total inventory      of nearly 600 judge advocate officers and legal assistants      required by the bill within the 180 days of enactment. The      decision we make today will have significant consequences for      the future of our military. More specifically, the bill we      are debating this week threatens to tear apart what I      strongly believe is the fabric of our Armed Forces: the chain      of command.  I can't find people I can confide in and talk to personally, who have been in the military, who don't agree with this. I was in the Uniform Code of Military Justice when I was in the U.S. Army--not at the level of some of the Senators who have been there more recently, such as Senator Graham, for example, and at a higher level. I was an enlisted man. But I was a reporter, and a lot of times the reporters, the enlisted personnel, really know more about the situation than some of the bosses. I was firmly convinced that--granted, this was years ago--you can't mess with the chain of command.  When you stop and think about what a commander has to do--he is required to take care of the physical and medical condition of our troops. He is required to oversee their training. He is required to have medical care if they are wounded, and he has to make the decision of sending our troops into combat. It is inconceivable to me, with all of these responsibilities, that he be taken out of this chain.  It is not just me. Others agree with this. I had conversation with Col. Ana Smythe of the Marine Corps. She said at a press conference:       What you don't understand if you're not in the military is      that the fabric and the essence of the military is built      around the chain of command. . . . If we dismantle or weaken      the chain of command, we are lost.  The CMSgt Barbara Taylor said about the Gillibrand bill:       It would be devastating to the United States military. . .      . A commander cannot be held responsible if he does not have      the authority to act.  So I think those of us who have had military experience and who have been involved in the military understand the serious problems that would come from the adoption of this bill. I strongly recommend we defeat the Gillibrand bill.  With that, I yield the floor.  