President, today marks the 225th anniversary of George Washington's inaugural address to the Nation. I don't think anyone has said anything about it. That is a major thing for us to think about each year. It is the 225th anniversary.  It is reported that more than 10,000 people--this is way back 225 years ago--gathered on this day in 1789 to hear from a man who won a war and who is now ushering in an era of peace and freedom in our new Nation.  Peter Lillback is a historian, and he pointed out in his book, which I read recently, that our first President, Washington, knew that everything he was to say in the first inaugural address would set a precedent for all that was to come after him in establishing our Nation. It is why Americans should take note at how Washington weaved in with intentionality his belief in the Omnipotent.  Washington said:       It would be peculiarly improper to omit in this first      official Act, my fervent supplications to that Almighty Being      who rules over the Universe.  Washington went on to say:       No people can be bound to acknowledge and adore the      invisible hand, which conducts the Affairs of men more than      the People of the United States. Every step, by which they      have advanced to the character of an independent nation,      seems to have been distinguished by some token of      providential agency.  We are here because of the hand of God. Washington's leadership was grounded in his belief in God, His law, and that liberty is God's gift. As we reflect on the anniversary of Washington's speech it is important we are reminded as a nation what our Founding Fathers sought to establish.  In this same inaugural speech Washington said:       The destiny of the Republic model of Government, are justly      considered as deeply, perhaps as finally staked, on the      experiment entrusted to the hands of the American people.  Washington's conviction was that we as Americans are entrusted by God to preserve basic freedoms established in the Constitution, such as the freedom of speech and the freedom of religion. The secular culture we see our Nation embracing today would seek to censor such words from a leader such as Washington. Their intolerance fails to acknowledge it was Washington's convictions and our Founding Fathers' faith values that gave us the public square.  On September 27 last year, I talked about this issue on the Senate floor--about how Oklahomans regularly ask me--and I don't think this is unique to Oklahoma; it can be true in any State--why we have an administration that suppresses our Judeo-Christian values while praising Islam. As I said then, I find it sad that our Nation does not have the same belief today that we had back when Washington was President. We have become arrogant, inward-focused individuals. Rather than submitting to God's authority, we define truth, justice, and morality by what feels good at the time.  Today, instead of having leaders who protect the church from government, we have leaders who believe it is the government's job to impose on churches what should be universally upheld as truth. As leaders, we should be protecting all Americans' freedom to practice their religion.  It is only appropriate that on this anniversary we also consider the words of Washington's Farewell Address in 1796 where he pointed out that the pillars supporting our Republic are morality and religion. In his address he said:       Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality      can be maintained without religion. Whatever may be conceded      to the influence of refined education on minds of particular      structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect      that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious      principle.  We have to restore the morality of our Nation given to us by the Founding Fathers, as President Washington articulated 225 years ago. That morality is found in the Judeo-Christian values articulated not just by Washington but by all of our Founding Fathers.  As my son likes to say: Without God, the Constitution is nothing but a piece of paper.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  