The greenhouse gas regulations for existing powerplants are expected to be released in June of 2014.  The other regulations that are out there--and I am not going to spend any time on this because there are too many. But on the greenhouse gas legislation--even though when it started, it was Charles Rivers and the Wharton School and MIT--they came out with the approximation of $300 to $400 billion a year; and that is every year. The greenhouse gas regulatory costs under the Clean Air Act are totally different. No one has even calculated this yet.  I would like to make sure we understand that under the bill my good friend Ed Markey and Waxman put forth, it would regulate the emissions of those organizations that emit 25,000 tons or more. However, if you do it through the Clean Air Act, it would be 250 tons. So you are talking about instead of 25,000 tons--which might be only the very large organizations; refineries and that type of thing--under the Clean Air Act, which is what they are attempting to do today as we speak, it would be just 250 tons, which would be every school, every hospital, every shop, and many residences.  So the greenhouse gas regulatory costs--if it costs $300 to $400 billion to regulate organizations that emit 25,000 tons, how much would it be if they emitted 250 tons? It is something that has not even been calculated yet.  So we have all of these impacts of the regulations that take place. But the greatest of all would be, if you think about the cumulative impact study back--I have introduced legislation, along with several others. I know John Barrasso and several others have cosponsored legislation that would tell the public the cumulative effect of all these regulations.  For example, as to the ozone regulations: 77 Oklahoma counties would be out of attainment; 7 million jobs would be lost.  As to Utility MACT--that is something that did pass--a $100 billion cost--1.65 million jobs lost. It has already been implemented.  Boiler MACT--and every manufacturing company has a boiler; and ``MACT'' means ``maximum achievable control technology''--Boiler MACT is costing $63 billion, and 800,000 jobs have already been lost.  The BLM fracking regulations would be $100,000 per well--duplicative of effective State regulations, which have been doing very well now since 1948.  And there are greenhouse gas costs of $300 to $400 billion.  So I guess what I am saying here--and I know I am using up quite a bit of time, but it is important to look and see what has happened since the time they were all talking about global warming. Everybody was talking about it, and how they are going to have an all-night thing to try to revive it because the public has gone in the other direction.  George Mason University had a study where they actually interviewed several hundred of the TV meteorological people. Mr. President, 63 percent of them said that if global warming is taking place, it is from natural causes, not from global warming.  Polar bears. Everyone is concerned about polar bears. I know my good friend from California gave me a polar bear. It is my favorite coffee cup and I use it all the time. But between the 1950s and 1960s, the number of polar bears that were wandering around out there was between 5,000 and 10,000. Today, it is between 15,000 and 25,000.  The threats. A lot of times when people cannot win an argument, then they threaten. NASA's James Hansen said this is ``high crimes against humanity.'' Robert Kennedy, Jr., called me a ``call girl,'' a ``prostitute.'' Robert Kennedy, Jr., also said: ``This is treason. And we need to start treating them as traitors.'' In other words, we need to start killing people.  In 2006, the eco-magazine Grist called for Nuremberg-style trials for skeptics. September 29, 2007: Virginia State climatologist skeptical of global warming loses his job after a clash with the Governor. ``I was told that I could not speak in public.''  Barone: Warmists have a ``desire to kill heretics.''  The Weather Channel--Heidi Cullen, by the way, is a meteorologist on the Weather Channel. She is off with an environmental group right now, so she is not around anymore.  Polling--where the American people are going; I think it is important to understand--this is a Gallup poll that is a current one right now. According to a Gallup poll, climate change is the least important environmental issue among the voters.  In March of 2010, the same Gallup poll: Americans rank global warming dead last, 8 out of 8 environmental issues.  In March 2010, Rasmussen: 72 percent of American voters do not believe global warming is a ``very serious problem.''  The global warmist Robert Socolow laments:       We are losing the argument with the public, big time. . . .      I think the climate change activists, myself included, have      lost the American Middle.  So there are definitely some things going on here that are not in their favor.  I would like to mention this, though. I think a lot of people have talked about the various scientists. On my Web site you can look up several thousand--this is a long time ago--I think we passed through 1,000 qualified scientists way back in 2006, and it has gone up since that time to many, many, so it is something where there are a lot of scientists. One of my favorite scientists is one because he is a Nobel prize-winning Stanford University physicist. He said:       Please remain calm. The earth will heal itself--climate is      beyond our power to control. The earth doesn't care about      governments and legislation. Climate change is a matter of      geologic time . . . something the earth does on its own      without asking anyone's permission or explaining itself.  Richard Lindzen of MIT was a former U.N. IPCC receiver. He said: If the government wants carbon control, that is the answer the NAS will provide. He is the one who also said: The ultimate controlling factor is once you control CO2, you control people.  The Harvard Smithsonian Study. The study examined the results of more than 240 peer-reviewed papers published by thousands of researchers over the past four decades. The study covers a multitude of geophysical and biological climate indicators. They came to the conclusion that climate change is not real and that the science is not accurate.  Dr. Fred Seitz--he is the former president of the National Academy of Sciences--said: ``There is no convincing evidence that human release of carbon dioxide, methane, or other greenhouse gases is causing or will, in the foreseeable future, cause catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth's climate.''  So we have a lot of scientists on both sides of this issue. I think the American people have woken up. I use something quite often because it is a little bit comical--and this is just kind of from memory, but this is something that actually did happen. Mr. President, 1895 was the first time we had, in recent history--we have had cold spells before, and we had the medieval warm period and all of that stuff; that was a long time ago--but in 1895--starting with current, more modern history--they had a cold spell that came in. That is where, I say to my friend from New Hampshire, they first came up with a new ice age that was coming. That was in 1895. That lasted from 1895 to 1918. Then, in 1918, they came along with a warming period. That was the first time we heard the term ``global warming.'' That was in 1918, and that lasted until 1948.  And get this. These are about 30-year cycles. That lasted until about 1945. In 1945, all of a sudden it changed from this warming period to a cooling period. That lasted until 1975. Then it changed to a warming period. Now, since 2000, it has leveled off, and we are going into another cycle. You can almost set your watch by these cycles.  Here is an interesting thing about that. In 1948, when it changed from a warming period to a cooling period, that coincided with the greatest single release of CO2 in history. That was right after World War II.  So these are the things that are happening. I know they are going to enjoy staying up all night. They will have an audience of themselves, and I hope they enjoy it.  But I have to say this in all sincerity. When you see something, and instead of going right along with the public and saying, it must be true because everybody is saying it--and everybody goes over and over again and talks about the climate is real and the science is real, and all that--well, that happens when it is not real, and that is what we have been going through.  Right now I know President Obama is going through all kinds of efforts to try to do through regulations what the elected people would not do in the House, as well as in the Senate. When people realize--and they will be reminded again, even though it has been a while--now, I think it might be clever that after several years now where people have been talking about global warming that now they are trying to revive it, and that is what you are going to hear all night long here tonight.  It is kind of interesting that this is happening at a time that we are going through this cold spell. It certainly has not been much fun in Oklahoma.  So I think the American people are not ready to pass the largest tax increase in the history of America, and we will have to wait and see.  With that, I yield the floor.  