President, I rise today to call your attention to what can only be described as a major disaster in my home State of Kansas and surrounding States--certainly the State represented by the distinguished Presiding Officer--along with New Mexico and eastern Colorado, more especially in western Kansas.  In the last days of December, a large winter storm spread over 30 inches of heavy snow and up to 3 inches of ice in much of my State of Kansas.  As you can see from this picture of what used to be a row of electric towers--a very idyllic scene in Kansas, where we produce the food and fiber this Nation needs--and then from the following picture--I will take this picture down and basically show you what happened after the blizzard--of what remains, this storm has caused overwhelming destruction all throughout the region. There are 21 towers in this condition, as shown in the picture. These are major towers of power, of electrical grid that have been destroyed all across my State of Kansas, more especially in the western part.  As a result, 15-foot snowdrifts closed highways and left over 60,000 customers without power. Over 10,000 downed utility poles litter the area. We did not get that picture blown up in time, but it is a marvelous picture of a road--you can see the snow here--that goes by with a whole bunch of telephone poles snapped off like matchsticks. And that has happened all throughout that area. Residents who are lucky enough to havegenerators are now paying up to $50 a day for diesel fuel to simply generate electricity to stay warm, to exist.  What is more, the storm hit one of the largest concentrations of livestock in the State. Let me put up a chart that is going to be a little difficult to discern from the standpoint of what it portrays. For reasons you can understand when you look at this image, we have received numerous reports of animals like this calf--yes, this is a calf. You can see the calf's nose, and one eye here and one eye here. We do not know whether the calf made it, in that our producers are working overtime, our ranchers are working overtime to get food to their livestock herds. But in this particular instance, you can see what happens to an animal that is caught in these kinds of conditions--a rather sad scene, to say the least. Either they succumb to a lack of food or a lack of water or they suffer extreme weight loss.  (