President, let me say to my good friend from Iowa who is shaking the hand of my good friend from Montana that justice and conspiracy are in the eyes of the beholder. I thank him for his feeling for agriculture and his passion for all of agriculture and all that he represents. He is an outstanding champion of agriculture. However, in this particular case, I don't agree.  I am going to use an example. Instead of cattle, I am going to use hogs. If producer A contracts with five neighboring producers to supply his contract with packer A, but he decides he only wants to buy from neighbor 1 and 2 because the others are currently having animal health issues, as referenced by my distinguished colleague from Kansas, the others are having these health issues impacting that producer A's performance and pricing. Neighbors 3 and 4 and 5 under this amendment can sue producer A because--yes, they have been injured because they are no longer selling hogs to producer A. So producer A's business defense is that animal disease issues in the barns of neighbors 3, 4, and 5 are producing weak performers, and he made a business decision to not buy from them.  The Tester amendment simply takes away that defense. This is hogs, not cattle. So producer A will lose and have to pay damages and attorney's fees. I don't think that is the road we want to go down.  Now, 20 years ago the beef industry lost market share. There have been a lot of studies as to why. Many livestock associations, State by State by State, knew they were losing market share while producing what is now defined as a generic commodity. Through innovation and management of genetics, premium products have been developed, and the consumer has responded. I mentioned the variety of products the consumers wish to buy and do buy. To return to this market scenario of 20 years will be a loss to consumers, a loss to producers, and, quite frankly, I am going to warn, there will be a movement to increase imports to meet these demands. If, in fact, this packer cannot get this particular product for a consumer demand and we have a generic commodity and we will not produce that, he will go overseas. He will ask for beef imports. That will be one of the laws of unintended effects.  I urge the defeat of the Tester amendment.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  