President. I rise today in support of S. 761, the America COMPETES Act. This sweeping legislation takes bold steps to recapture America's prowess in the global economy.  The demand for talented persons in the areas of science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and critical foreign language far exceeds the supply in the United States. The likelihood of finding a job in these high-need areas after college is almost guaranteed, yet we find ourselves still lagging behind other countries in producing these graduates. America ranks No. 24 out of industrialized nations in mathematical literacy for children entering high school. Right now, China is graduating four times the number of engineers as the United States, with India not far behind.  I am deeply concerned with these trends. It is vital to have a superior science and mathematics education system and workforce. In 1997, I formed an Advisory Committee on Science, Technology, and the Future in my home State of Kansas. This committee helps me find ways to align Federal and State initiatives to enhance science and technology in the State. The advisory committee has been instrumental in identifying high-need high-tech jobs in the State while focusing on ways to educate, train, and attract talented persons into these fields.  Kansas continues to be a State rich with high-tech industry. Wichita is the aviation capital of the United States, producing approximately 50 percent of all U.S. general aviation. This industry needs aviation researchers, engineers, and skilled technicians. My home State is rapidly growing in the areas of bioscience, including drug discovery, new treatments for disease, food safety, animal health, and renewable energy. The Roberts Advisory Committee has recognized that while these industries are growing, they have a limitedpool of talented employees to choose from.  Like many States, Kansas is facing a shortage of math and science teacher applicants. I agree with my advisory committee that global competitiveness lies with our younger generation. It is imperative that we provide them with an education from science and math teachers possessing a solid knowledge base and effective teaching skills. We also need to find ways to spark students' interests in math, science, and technology while they are in the early years of education. The America COMPETES Act addresses these needs by strengthening the skills of math and science teachers, creating partnerships between National Laboratories and high-need high schools, facilitating the expansion of advanced placement programs, and increasing the number of students who study foreign languages.  Additionally, the bill provides an increase in research investment by doubling the funding for the National Science Foundation, NSF. The grants distributed to States from the NSF are being used to conduct extraordinary research in every corner of the world.  My advisory committee supports the America COMPETES Act, and so do I. It is only through our commitment to the underlying goals of this bill that we will see success in building our competitive workforce.  