President, today the Senate voted to approve S. 1082, the Food and Drug Administration Revitalization Act. I am very pleased the Senate took this action and I now look forward to its consideration in the House.  Unfortunately, I was not present to vote for the bill, but I would like the record to reflect that I had planned to vote in favor of this legislation. Just last weekend, Kansas experienced a horrible disaster when a tornado devastated an entire community and took the lives of several Kansans.  Late last Friday evening, the town of Greensburg, KS, was literally wiped off the map by an enormous tornado. As a result of this and storms associated with the system, 12 Kansans are confirmed dead, and all of the 1500 residents of Greensburg have been displaced. What we have experienced in Greensburg is unlike any other event in recent Kansas history. The hospital is gone, the schools are gone, every church is gone, virtually every business in the community is gone, including all of Main Street. Estimates are that fully 95 percent of the structures in the town are damaged or destroyed. Because of this devastation, I invited President Bush to come to Greensburg, KS, and view the damage from this unspeakable disaster. Today, President Bush is in Greensburg, and I, along with other members of the Kansas congressional delegation, are showing him the devastation this community has experienced, so I could not be present to vote for S. 1082.  However, I want my colleagues to know that I support this legislation and would have voted in favor of the bill if I were present. I believe S. 1082 will give FDA the tools to ensure drug safety and will renew some very important prescription drug and medical device programs. I am also pleased the bill includes an amendment I sponsored with Senators Harkin, Burr, and Coburn to improve the drug advertisement provisions in the underlying bill. This amendment was accepted unanimously by the Senate.  Our amendment addresses the first amendment concerns with the advertising provisions in the original bill and gives the FDA the tools they need to protect the public from false or misleading prescription drug advertisements. We believe this amendment is a more commonsense approach to dealing with prescription drug advertisements and ensures the public will get truthful and accurate information about new prescription drugs.  I especially want to thank Chairman Kennedy, Ranking Member Enzi, and Senator Harkin for their leadership and hard work on this issue. I also thank Senators Burr and Coburn for their cooperation and cosponsorship of my amendment. This amendment represents the result of our efforts to achieve an outcome that is acceptable to all of us. The agreement that was accepted today is a fair compromise that addresses the concerns of all of the Members involved  