We should have oversight. We are not doing everything right, that is for sure. And farm bills--I tell you, we passed the Rubicon. This is no longer a farm bill. This is a bill that should be titled--I don't know what to put first--but conservation, nutrition, food stamps, rural development. We have a brand new section for specialty crops, which is a good thing in that for too long they have been out of the farm program.  I must admit I never had a specialty crop producer come in my office and want to be part of the farm program because, inevitably, you have to put up a lot of rules and regulations, although I understand this one is done by State grant. I do not know whether we are going to have a hodgepodge of different programs for specialty crops. But specialty crops are a very important item.  So is that a small farmer. Do not misunderstand me. Small farmers have a niche market. Small farmers are into organic produce. Small farmers take their produce to a place such as Alexandria, which my wife tries to get me up in the morning to go and visit and at least purchase some fresh fruits or vegetables. That is a good thing.  But we cannot rely on just those folks or small farmers as opposed to the 15 percent of producers. Of course, the criticism is, they get most of the payments, but they produce most of the food and fiber--85 percent. If you add that up, as I have indicated, that is 20 percent of our GDP. That is $64.5 billion worth in regard to the program crops I mentioned earlier. Yet you would think that everybody just takes them for granted. We are not an endangered species. We may be extinct in terms of the national media. Nobody pays any attention to production agriculture anymore. It is almost as if it is a bad thing to produce food.  Go to your grocery store. I am always amazed when we have the opportunity to take foreign visitors to a typical American grocery store. It just knocks their socks off and their eyes pop out in regard to the variety we have there. But much of that produce in that grocery store on behalf of the consumer is produced by production agriculture. That is not a bad thing.  That is the whole point I am trying to make. If you say, OK, somehow, if we go back and just limit it in size to a small family farmer, that does not work out on the High Plains. Yet Kansas is known as the wheat State, and we are known as the breadbasket of the world. 