President, I thank Chairman Kennedy, Ranking Member Enzi and all of my colleagues for accepting my amendment to improve the drug advertisement provisions included in S. 1082, the Food and Drug Administration Revitalization Act.  My amendment, replaces the drug advertisement provisions in the underlying bill with what I believe is a more commonsense approach to dealing with prescription drug advertisements.  During the markup of this bill in the HELP Committee a few weeks ago, the chairman and Ranking Member Enzi committed to working with me to address my concerns on this issue. This amendment represents the result of our efforts to achieve an outcome that is acceptable to all of us.  I also want to thank Senators Harkin, Burr, and Coburn for their leadership on this issue and for cosponsoring my amendment.  Chairman Kennedy and Ranking Member Enzi, I want to say that I truly appreciate the hard work you both have done in putting together this bill. I know you and your staff have put in many long months of work to get us to this point.  I specifically want to thank David Bowen of Chairman Kennedy's staff and Amy Muhlberg of Senator Enzi's staff for working so closely with me and my office on finding a resolution on the drug advertising issue. David and Amy, I appreciate your commitment and professionalism in helping us to achieve this compromise.  While I strongly support the goals of this legislation to ensure drug safety and to renew some very important prescription drug and medical device programs, I have serious concerns with provisions in the underlying bill regarding drug advertising. I believe these provisions would infringe on our first amendment rights to free speech.  Of most concern to me is a provision in the underlying bill to give the Secretary the discretion to institute a 2-year ban on advertising for new drugs and related restrictions on drug advertising.  As a former editor and reporter for several newspapers, I feel that these provisions violate the first amendment and would do nothing to address concerns that have been expressed with drug advertising. Instead, we would have a situation where the Secretary would become the editor for all prescription drug advertisements and could ban drug advertising for up to 2 years.  This would certainly put us on a slippery slope to restricting advertisements in other industries, and I don't think that is a responsible approach.  The freedom that is guaranteed to us under the first amendment demands that we carefully consider any proposal that would impose a ban or other limitation on speech. The first amendment says, ``Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech . . . .'' For more than three decades, this protection has been extended to speech in the form of advertising, or commercial speech.  The U.S. Supreme Court has set down an explicit four-part test--known as the Central Hudson test--to determine if a speech restriction violates the first amendment.  I believe the advertising provisions in the underlying bill fail the key parts of that test and my view is supported by constitutional experts, including the American Civil Liberties Union--ACLU, the Washington Legal Foundation and several other constitutional experts.  However, I understand that there are strong concerns with drug advertising. I agree that we have a legitimate interest in ensuring these advertisements are not false or misleading. This is why my amendment takes a reasonable and commonsense approach to deal with drug advertisements.  My amendment stresses the importance of assuring that advertising is accurate and balanced and recognizes that companies should be held accountable if their ads are false or misleading.  My amendment strikes the 2-year moratorium on advertising in the underlying bill and instead allows the Secretary to assess civil monetary penalties--up to $150,000 for the first violation and $300,000 for subsequent violations--on drug companies that produce false or misleading ads.  This will ensure that patients will know truthful and accurate information about new prescription medications in a timely manner, rather than having to wait until 2 years after their arrival in the marketplace.  My amendment also allows the Secretary to require the disclosure of a serious risk or date of approval of the drug in the advertisement if he or she believes the ad would be false or misleading without the disclosures.  My amendment requires that major statements about a drug's side effects, contraindications and effectiveness in television or radio ads be presented in a clear and conspicuous manner so as not to mislead the public.  My amendment also does not change the current language in the underlying bill which allows the Secretary to review direct-to-consumer ads before a drug company disseminates these ads to the public.  This will allow the FDA to comment and provide constructive feedback to companies to ensure their ads are appropriate and not misleading. Many companies are already submitting their ads to the FDA for review.  Truthful and accurate prescription drug ads do provide a benefit to the public. Research has shown that people are more likely to go to the doctor, ask thoughtful questions and discuss sensitive health issues with their doctors as a result of DTC ads.  My amendment ensures these positive aspects of advertising will continue, but also gives the FDA the toolsthey need to protect the public from false or misleading prescription drug ads.  The agreement that was accepted today is a fair compromise that addresses the concerns of all of the Members involved.  Again, I thank the chairman and Ranking Member Enzi for their efforts to work on this important issue, and I thank all of my colleagues for accepting my amendment.  I ask unanimous consent to add Senator Webb as a cosponsor of the Drug Safety Act.  