 I rise to speak in opposition to the amendment offered by my distinguished colleague from Montana. Despite the fact our Nation enjoys but apparently some do not appreciate the fact that production agriculture does provide the best quality food at the lowest price in the history of the world to feed not only America but the world's hungry, we have heard repeated calls for reform--and I know my colleague thinks his amendment falls into that category--of farm programs. While targeted and pertinent reform is certainly needed and this farm bill does take major steps forward in answering those calls, it seems to me we must be cautious of what lurks under the banner of reform. We must be mindful of the unintended consequences of our actions, and nowhere in this bill is that more evident than in the livestock title.  I represent a State where cattle outnumber people more than two-to-one. I have always said, usually they are in a better mood, especially with the weather we have been having. Cattle represented 61 percent of the agricultural cash receipts by generating over $6 billion in 2005; obviously more in 2006. I tell you this so you understand when I say the livestock industry is vital to Kansas and, I know, other States that are represented very ably in the Senate and to our national economy and our livelihoods. The underlying bill expands the scope of the Agricultural Fair Practices Act and the Packers and Stockyards Act. But these expansions will have major implications on the industry, and we must proceed with caution.  In the livestock hearing held in April, witnesses referenced a study which showed alternative marketing arrangements account for only 38 percent of the transactions in the fed cattle market. The cash market is responsible for 62 percent. Only 4.5 percent of transactions went through forward contracts and 5 percent through packer ownership. More importantly, this study concluded that alternative marketing agreements do benefit all segments of the cattle industry. It is through these marketing agreements that consumers are able to buy specialized products such as Certified Angus or Ranchers Reserve, or all-natural products.  Competition issues are nothing new to this body. I agree our producers need to be able to compete in today's markets. I share the concern of the Senator from Montana in this regard. It is the role of the Government to protect producers from unfair practices and monopolies. I understand the calls from some for increased Government involvement. At the same time, we must take careful steps to ensure that in any action we might take, we do not suffer from the law of unintended consequences and risk the significant gains the livestock industry has experienced to meet our consumers' needs. Regardless of the Senator's intent--I don't question that--I am concerned this amendment does that.  This amendment takes away a business's ability to make decisions freely. Let me lay out a scenario I think can be fully understood. Let's say you are a producer who has developed a program that produces a higher quality product than I, another producer, and both of us are trying to sell our product to the same packer. If the packer picks you, not me, or any other producer to fill the contract because your product does perform better or meets the demands of the customer, under this amendment, I can bring a lawsuit for that or that other producer can bring a lawsuit against the packer, even though they were making a decision based on sound business principles. The language is as clear as day in this amendment, ``regardless of any alleged business justification.'' Certainly, a packer can defend their cattle buying choices as a business justification.  This amendment would allow lawsuits to be filed regardless of this business justification. This amendment will result in all producers being treated the same--sounds good--regardless of how efficient or inefficient their operation may be and regardless of the quality of product they produce.  I know it would be easy, maybe nostalgic, maybe something we would want to do as we are sitting around having a cup of coffee, to return to the production days of 20 or 30 years ago. The market has changed dramatically. Production today is more efficient because of consumer demands. In this regard, the consumer is king. They want specialized products. They want all-natural beef. They want Certified Angus. They want U.S. premium beef or many other products that are produced under specified standards that meet a higher quality. Thankfully, the entire livestock industry, from growersto feeders to packers to retailers, has made great strides in recent years to meet the demands of the marketplace. I am concerned this amendment puts all these consumer, market-driven products and investment at risk. This amendment does discourage innovation in the industry. Our producers would receive no premiums for adding value to their products. Why would anyone invest additional resources into their production system if they were not allowed to receive a return on their investment? This amendment, combined with the language in the underlying bill, will spur lawsuit after lawsuit and stifle innovation. This amendment does remove choices from producers and from processors and consumers.  I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  