 Unfortunately, small businesses generally do not have the resources required to start up and support a childcare center like happens in many areas in urban America and big cities.  When I came to the Senate in 1997, one of the first bills I introduced was the Small Business Child Care Act, which authorized a short-term flexible grant as a program to encourage small businesses to work together or with other local childcare agencies to provide childcare services for their employees. This amendment includes the bipartisan language of the Small Business Child Care Act that was passed out of the HELP Committee in August of 2005 as part of the larger childcare and development block grant.  Under the amendment, small businesses are eligible for grants up to $500,000 for startup costs and training and scholarships and other related activities, with priority given to grantees who work with other small businesses or local childcare organizations. These grants all have a matching requirement which encourages self-sustaining facilities that will go on well after the program ends.  In many small Kansas towns, childcare facilities can be very scarce, as I have said before. This amendment would alleviate the strain on working families who often have to close the door on the opportunity to be a double-income family because of the lack of childcare options in their communities.  When I first ran for the House back in 1980, I was going door to door in Dodge City. I was in south Dodge and I knocked on a door and a young lady came to the door and two children were immediately right there with her. I handed her a brochure, and I said: I am running for Congress. What can I do for you? Is there anything I can do for you as a candidate?  She looked at me with the two kids behind her--she was obviously a single mother--and she said: Mr. Roberts, it's your world, I'm just living in it.  That made a big impression on me.  I said: What do you need more than anything else?  She said: If there could be a possibility that there could be any childcare for these two children, I could go to work. I could go back to work.  But that was not the case at that particular time. Then I promised myself that we would try our very best so that in a small community with a bank, the implement dealer, and, say, a restaurant, they could come together, and with these kinds of grants offer affordable childcare.  So I am very hopeful we can get this amendment passed. It is a small change that will make a big difference in the lives of many employees and employers who see a need for childcare in their communities. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this amendment.  