I see the Senator from Missouri is the Presiding Officer. I wish her well in the Cotton Bowl against Arkansas, as we in Kansas go to the Orange Bowl. I hope she wishes us well.  Despite what has been said, I am rising in strong opposition to the Brown amendment which I think, bluntly put--and I will say it the way I think it is--would kill the crop insurance program, especially in certain sections of the country and, as a result, endanger a great many farmers. I have often said it is more important to prevent the passage of bad legislation--counterproductive legislation, if you will--than it is to add more legislation to the books, regardless of the argument. This amendment certainly falls into that category.  I am always amazed at the number of people who criticize a program that benefits our farmers and ranchers, some of whom do their speaking with their mouths full. It is truly a paradox of enormous irony: Those who enjoy the safest, most affordable food supply in the world, compliments of America's farmers and ranchers, with good intentions or not, do great harm to the very programs that support our producers in providing the bounty that is the modern miracle of American agriculture. It is time to stop. I understand the support for the programs that this amendment alleges by cutting crop insurance or using crop insurance as a bank. Let me go over those programs.  Other than the Conservation Reserve Program, the Environmental Quality Incentives Program is the most popular conservation program in Kansas. Obviously, I am for that program. Obviously, I am for reasonable funding for that program. I have been one of the strongest supporters in the Senate of the McGovern-Dole, or what we call in Kansas the Dole-McGovern, international school lunch program. In fact, I was the Senator who led efforts to get all 100 Senators serving at the time to sign a letter urging them to keep the program under the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture. I was the House Agriculture Committee chairman who saved the Food Stamp Program when many wanted to block grant it. The Governors wanted the money, but they didn't want to operate the Food Stamp Program. So I have a little blood pressure, if you will, and heartburn when folks try to tell me my producers don't understand or care about these programs. Just the opposite is true. I take offense at saying thefunding for these programs should be increased on the backs of our farmers and ranchers which will happen if this amendment passes.  I get frustrated when we get amendments that will inflict great harm for the simple fact that some--good intentions aside; I don't question that at all--do not truly understand how a program works, and they don't want to take the time to get their facts straight. We have already increased nutritional spending by $5.5 billion in this bill. We have increased conservation spending by, as the ranking member knows and as anybody who represents farmers and ranchers knows, $4 billion, all the while cutting $6 billion from traditional commodity programs, including $4.7 billion from crop insurance. Haven't we already extracted our pound of assistance and flesh from our farmers and ranchers? Note that I say the crop insurance program directly affects the wherewithal of farmers and ranchers. It is inseparable.  I will tell my colleagues why I think the authors of this amendment have their facts wrong, but first I want to make it clear what will happen if this amendment passes. This amendment does propose to increase the amount of quota share that companies must cede to the Government from 5 percent to no less than 15 percent. It could go higher, a lot higher. Quota share, pardon the vocabulary of agriculture program policy, is the percentage of underwriting earnings that a crop insurance company must cede back to the Federal Government. Currently that is 5 percent of earnings. Put another way, it is an additional 5-percent tax companies must pay to the Government prior to expenses being figured. In addition, if this amendment had been in place for the 2007 crop year, it would have also reduced the administrative and operating expense reimbursement to the companies by an additional 30 percent beyond what is already in the committee-passed bill. If we do the proposed changes in underwriting gains in this program, we will be ceding additional reinsurance risk from the private market, and it will go to the risk management agency of the USDA--that is the outfit that runs the crop insurance program--and the U.S. taxpayer. I don't think we want to do that.  Additionally, we will make it more expensive for companies to service the program and provide it to producers, so much more expensive and risky that it may well cause some companies to pull out of higher risk or underserved States. That is the big issue. You might want to reform it in ways that will not affect your home State where basically you get a lot of rain but don't have a lot of risk and you don't farm--the seed just comes up--as opposed to high-risk areas. That means we may have States where crop insurance would not be available or, at the very least, there may be fewer options available from which producers can purchase crop insurance. If producers can't get crop insurance, it means they will be back here asking for ad hoc disaster aid. For everybody who votes for this amendment, if it passes, I want you to help me to come back here in regard to ad hoc disaster aid. Kansas is now frozen over with yet another blizzard.  Even if we have a permanent disaster package in this bill, which we do, it also means we would be making it harder for many farmers, especially young ones, to get the operating loans and financing they need for their operation. Why would it be harder for them to get financing? It will be harder because most lenders and a good number of landlords require crop insurance as part of their business agreement. So if you take away crop insurance, you hit those young farmers who don't have a lot of equity built up in their operations.  On the other hand, I am sure there are those who say: Well, look at the GAO study on crop insurance. It is important to go over why this is a completely flawed study. Personally, if you presented it in the private business world, I think your job might be in danger. First, it takes into account none of the increases in the participation in the program that have occurred since the passage of the Agriculture Risk Protection Act of 2000, reforms to the crop insurance program that I helped lead in this body, along with our great former Senator Bob Kerrey. We worked hard, and it took us 18 months. We reformed the program. Those efforts have led to increased participation, not only in the plains States but all throughout the country, more especially in the South and for specialty crops and everybody involved in agriculture. As I said, especially in the southern region, represented by our outstanding ranking member, Saxby Chambliss, but also in regions that grow specialty crops or that have been considered underserved by the program in the past. We fixed that. This increased participation increases the ability to make profits for the companies, but it has also led to a significant increase in the amount of risk they are insuring in this program.  First, the study was ordered in the House--I am talking about the GAO study--by those who, shall we say, have been less than friendly to the crop insurance program and to our farmers and ranchers. That is probably the understatement of my remarks. Second, the GAO study, I believe, is counterproductive because everyone here knows you can get a GAO study to say whatever you want. I have been committee chairman three times. You ask the questions right, they respond with the answers you want. This GAO study claims that crop insurance companies are making huge amounts of money--we just heard that from previous speakers--and are much more successful than traditional property and casualty insurance companies. The first flaw in this study is that they pretty much compared apples and oranges. When looking at the business relationships between crop insurance and traditional property and casualty companies, they compared a 5-year period for the crop insurance program that represented what happens to be 5 of the lowest crop loss years nationally in the history of the program. At the same time they included a time period for looking at the business numbers of the property and casualty industry that included both the 9/11 attacks and Katrina--in other words, one of the worst 5-year business periods in the history of the traditional property and casualty business. If you take a comparison that shows one of the best 5-year periods in history in terms of insured losses for one sector of the industry and you take one of the worst 5-year periods for another sector of the industry, what do you think the numbers are going to look like?  Additionally, this GAO report claims that the companies are making substantial underwriting gains on the premiums they collect which the GAO then assumes is all complete profit. That is one of the arguments that has just been made. Yes, companies do make underwriting gains on a portion of their premium that is collected, if there are not losses. That is the factor that has not been brought up. What the GAO fails to mention is that were a major loss to occur this year--i.e., the 1988 drought, what we have been through in Kansas, or the 1993 flood--the companies would also be responsible for these underwriting losses.  In addition, the GAO report makes the assumption that any underwriting gains by the companies are pure profit. This is ridiculous. There are expenses that are paid out of those underwriting gains. The largest of these expenses is for costs to pay private reinsurance companies for the amount of risk they underwrite for the insurance companies.  Let me explain this in plain English. It is called ``show me'' in Missouri. All lines of insurance, as the Presiding Officer knows, protect their investments by insuring their own risk with private reinsurers. That is the way it is done. Crop insurance companies do the same thing. If they did not do it, again, the risk management agency of the USDA and U.S. taxpayers would have to act as the reinsurers for the program, thus greatly increasing the risk for additional cost for taxpayers. We don't want to go down that road. So if you subtract this and other expenses to obtain net underwriting gains, which the GAO did not do, the numbers look a heck of a lot different.  In addition, the private reinsurance industry has serious concerns with the proposed increase in quota share from 5 percent to a minimum of 15 percent that, again, must be ceded back to the Federal Government. Again, in simple terms, this requirement will force companies to cede an additional minimum of 10 percent of underwriting gains--prior to expenses even being calculated--back to the Federal Government.  Now, the authors of this amendment and the USDA call it a quota share. I simply call it a tax because that is what it is when you force any company to provide an additional 10 percent or more of their earnings to the Federal Government.  Private reinsurers know the crop insurance business can be very risky. Yes, you can have several profitable years if you do not have widespread weather problems. But if you have a major crop loss across a broad area of the Nation--and I can tell you that has happened again and again and again.  I see Senator Conrad over there on the other side of the aisle. Senator Conrad, for Lord knows how many years, had to undergo all sorts of bad weather, all sorts of weather-related tragedies. He had the famous chart of the famous cow named Bossy, that was, unfortunately, legs up and had undergone a rather tragic experience. I kept saying to the Senator: My Lord, I cannot understand this. You have had floods, you have had blizzards, you have had drought. I even told him one time: You ought to move.  That is not an answer.  If you have a major crop loss across a broad area of the Nation--more especially in high-risk Plains States, where we do produce, by the way, in Kansas 350 million bushels of wheat every year or 400 million; that is the other side of the thing in regards to what we actually contribute to the country--why then, if you are in the crop insurance business, you could have a substantial loss in the program, and some have.  Now, reinsurers worry that the increased quota share, or the tax, will make it harder for companies to meet the expense of this insurance and will make them more susceptible to losses. Thus, some reinsurers may pull out of doing business with the crop insurers.  If private reinsurers pull out of crop insurance, then under the terms of the Standard Reinsurance Agreement between the companies and RMA, additional risk will be shifted to the U.S. taxpayer. It is as simple as that.  In addition to the quota share, the reduced administrative and operating expense reimbursement--yet another reduction--will increase company costs. The average A reimbursement--again, the administrative and operating expense is currently 20 percent. We have several studies that have indicated the actual cost for the companies of administering the program is around 26.5 percent.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Klobuchar). The Senator's time has expired.  