 Yet this amendment proposes taking that reimbursement down even further.  These companies are businesses. Like any good business, if you make the risk too high or increase the costs too much, you will leave the business. Now please listen to this: There are only 16 companies now participating in the crop insurance program today--16. When I first had the privilege of serving in the House of Representatives and serving on the Agriculture Committee, 20 years ago, the number was 60. It went from 60 to 16. If this amendment is adopted, I do not know where it is going. Some companies will not serve certain sections of the country.  Perhaps it is not as profitable as some might claim? If this amendment is adopted, there may well be entire regions of the country where companies will simply no longer provide this service.  If you add additional costs, I think there is a very real risk that the companies will either leave the business completely or at the very least begin to pull out of higher risk States and also those States that are classified as ``underserved'' by the Department of Agriculture.  Bottom line: If you are a Senator representing a higher risk State or specialty crops, I would be very nervous about the impact this amendment could have on producers being able to get adequate crop insurance service in your State.  For those who think companies would not pull out, I would remind you that under the operating contract the companies sign with the Government, they are not required to sell in all States. They can pick which States they do business in.  I know some are going to say: Well, OK, but then why are we doing these A expense reimbursements when traditional property and casualty companies do not get them?  That is a question with an easy answer. In the traditional property and casualty business, companies are not required to do business with you or me. If they do so choose to do business with us, they get to determine the rates they should be charging on their policies. They get to load expenses into those rates. And they can require us to pay premiums upfront, premiums that can be reinvested and build the economy.  Crop insurance is different. Similar to the property and casualty business, crop insurance companies do not have to do business in all States. But once they decide to do business in a State, they have to do business with any producer who wants to work with them. They are not allowed to cherry-pick.  Crop insurance companies do not set their rates. They are all calculated and established by the Risk Management Agency. In addition, producers do not pay their premiums upfront. Depending on the crop they raise, and changes in this underlying bill, they will either pay their premiums within 30 days after harvest or by September 30 of each year. So the companies float the cost of doing business until these premiums come in. What if a producer fails to pay their premium? The company is responsible.  Now, that is a major concern. Out in western Kansas, where we went through 5 consecutive years of drought, in some places a lot of producers and their lenders have told me if it was not for crop insurance and direct payments, they would not still be in business, especially our young producers and small banks.  If you adopt this amendment, you are not punishing the crop insurance companies, you are punishing all the producers and farm families out there who are operating on the margins, while providing this country with the most affordable and safe food supply in the world.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment that I truly believe would kill crop insurance for our young farmers and ranchers.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  