President, I am going to address a decision that has just been announced by FEMA regarding emergency assistance to the citizens of my State of Kansas.  I rise today to thank all those who have aided thousands and thousands of Kansans stranded by snow and ice over the course of the past few weeks. I want to give them some much needed good news.  First, let us remember the situation. Late last month, a large winter storm spread over 30 inches of very heavy snow and up to 3 inches of ice on top of that over much of my State. Fifteen-foot drifts were very common in western Kansas. At the time, 65,000 Kansans were without power. Snow blocked all major roadways, and many impacted Kansans, many people in small communities, were able to survive only because their friends and neighbors pitched in to help each other.  I came to the Chamber in the aftermath of the storm with charts showing the damage--11,000 utility poles down, transmission lines down--and some very pertinent charts in regard to stranded livestock. I was worried about the state of assistance in our country out on the High Plains. Many financial and economic livelihoods were in danger. In Kansas, farmers remained unable to reach their herds of cattle and keep them fed and watered.  Quite frankly, I was a little worried about the Federal response. I know when we have disasters, FEMA responds as best they possibly can. We have heard a lot about Katrina and forest fires and floods and other situations, but here we had a record disaster in regard to a blizzard and ice in communities that were isolated. I was a little concerned about it. In the midst of this record destruction, let me say that the National Guard, the Department of Transportation, local emergency responders, nonprofit organizations, and regional FEMA representatives really stepped to the plate. Frankly, the swift and selfless response of so many has been almost overwhelming.  Almost immediately, in the wake of this storm, our Governor, Kathleen Sebelius, declared a state of emergency, and we all got to work. The National Guard, at the direction of GEN Tod Bunting, sprung to action, and they delivered bales of hay and generators to those with stranded cattle and also aided in emergency services with helicopters and any other equipment that would work under the circumstances.  The Red Cross, the Salvation Army, and the Association of General Contractors from the private sector also proved vital in providing Kansans simply a place to stay warm. I must particularly thank the State's emergency management officials, working with the regional FEMA office, for the countless hours they worked to expedite the requests for public assistance.  FEMA workers get a lot of brickbat when things get very tough and complicated and difficult. This time, they certainly deserve a great deal of credit. Over the course of the past few weeks, local governments and certain nonprofits serving Kansans needed their Federal Government desperately, and the cry for help was answered. But the best news came a few moments ago when I received a call from the FEMA office here in Washington. I received notice that all remaining categories of public assistance have been approved for the State of Kansas. This is the news we have been waiting for. This gives the State reimbursement for a large portion of the $360 million in damage that has been documented to date. It includes such vital assistance for public buildings and utility and road repair.  Mr. President, we believe in self-help in Kansas, and most of the time we can handle our own problems. But in working through this disaster, we desperately needed Federal help. Federal help came, and Federal help came in record time, and it came because of the cooperation of local and State and national organizations--primarily FEMA--and it was a situation where everybody worked together and got the job done.  On this particular occasion, let me say thank you to all of those people who worked so hard and all of the people in Kansas whom I am so proud to represent. I look forward to the receipt of this assistance and the continued support that our communities in Kansas have seen from all levels of government.  I yield the floor, and I yield my time back to the Senator from West Virginia. I thank him for allowing me to make this statement.  