  We are at a historic time in our Nation's history where we have before this body a balanced budget agreement that purports to balance this budget by the year 2002. I think many of my colleagues feel, as I do, that we have worked long and hard to reduce the deficit and we are finally getting there and we feel good about it.  But what we also know is that this economy is doing very well. We know that unemployment is down. We know that those people on Wall Street are doing well. We know that our college graduates are getting jobs that were not available to them 5 or 10 years ago. And there is a lot of hope and opportunity out there.  Madam President, it seems to me that this is the right time to take alook and say, Who are we missing in this budget? And when we know that one out of four children in this country live in poverty, despite the fact that our economy is doing well and that things are looking really good, we ought to take this opportunity now, as we put this balanced budget agreement together, to make sure that this country focuses its resources on a place where it can really make a difference.  I come to you today as a mother, as a preschool teacher before I was in the Senate, and as a U.S. Senator to tell you that I can think of no place that we can invest money better than in the young children of this country.  I want to thank Senator Dodd for his work on this issue over many years and for all the time and energy he has put in to make sure that that group of people who do not have a voice do have a voice on the Senate floor.  His amendment before us today, that I am delighted to be a cosponsor of, addresses the current needs of today's young children in a way that this budget does not and should.  I can tell you from personal experience that Head Start makes a difference, and it makes a dramatic difference for those kids who are not in Head Start today. I taught preschool. I know that when you have a child in your classroom and when they are 3, 4 years old and they learn cognitive skills and they learn, in their beginning time, to get along with other children and they learn child development in a healthy way with a good teacher and with good equipment and with good adults around them, they will enter our schools ready to learn. It makes an incredible difference.  But it makes an incredible difference in those families as well because that mother or father has to bring that child to your classroom every day, and as a result they begin to learn how to deal better with their own young children. The result is a rippling tide. You have the child in your classroom, you have the siblings of that child, and you have the parents of that child really focusing on family. This is about creating good, strong families in this country. There is nothing we can do better than to devote our resources to Head Start for the families across this country and for the children in this country.  The child care development block grants have been spoken eloquently to. We know, as welfare reform goes into effect, that as women and men on welfare go into the work force, who is going to be left behind at home is their children. If we do not do everything we can to provide child care at those odd hours when a mother is working the night shift at the grocery store, that we are going to have infants and children who are not well cared for.  The results of that are going to be dramatic on those young children as they are not paid good attention to. But it will have an even more dramatic impact on those welfare moms when they are at work, because I can assure you that just like every other parent today, if I know that my child is being taken care of, whether they are at school or whether they are in child care, I do a better job when I am at work.  We need to make sure that the child care is available out there so that every working adult can be the best and most competent they can be at work and so that those children grow up feeling secure. I am tired of having young children say to me today that they do not think adults care about them in this country. If we leave them home alone without child care, it sends that message strongly. Those children end up on our streets, they end up in gangs, and they end up disillusioned as American citizens. We have to invest time and money and energy into child care through the child care development block grant so that we can raise a healthy generation of adults.  Finally, on the Healthy Start, we know when we take care of children and their health when they are young, that it will pay dividends in the future. One out of four children live in poverty. One out of four children are not getting the health care they need, not being taken care of. Guess where they will be when they grow up?  Madam President, it is essential that as adults on the floor of the Senate, we take the time and the energy and the resources to send our country in the right direction when we have the time and energy to do that. And that is now.  I applaud the Senator from Connecticut and the other cosponsors, and I urge this body to do what needs to be done. Those children were not in on the budget agreement. They were not there. They were not available to be there for the handshakes. We have to be on this floor to speak for them and speak loudly. I urge your support of this amendment.  I yield the floor.  