 President, I rise in strong support of the Feinstein amendment. We simply should not--must not--divide the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on an appropriations bill. It is an irresponsible way to proceed with such a fundamentally important question about how we best administer justice in the West.  I want to remind my colleagues that this body, the Senate, in the 104th Congress twice approved a study commission bill. In June, the House of Representatives sent us a bill, H.R. 908, establishing a similar commission. That bill is waiting at the desk for our action. House Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde has voiced his dismay at this end run around his authorizing committee. Tuesday he wrote to Chairman Hatch, saying: ``As you well know, altering the structure of the Federal judicial system is a serious matter. It is something that Congress does rarely, and only after careful consideration.''  Mr. President, I am not necessarily opposed to a split of the ninth circuit, but I am adamantly opposed to an appropriation's rider mandating such a gerrymandered split. As Chairman Hyde suggested, we need judicial experts thoroughly analyzing the courts and advising us on what makes sense from a national perspective.  With so many of those who work directly in the ninth circuit opposed to this split, it seems clear we need guidance before we act. The White House opposes this split, the majority of judges on the ninth circuit oppose this split, and the majority of bar associations of the affected States oppose this split. Simply put, this is not the right way to proceed.  We need answers to some important questions first. How much will this cost? Should we create a virtual one-state court? Should Arizona become a part of the tenth circuit? Where should we place a new circuit's courthouse? How many judges should serve in each circuit and from which States should they come? Should we break the ninth circuit into three circuits? How will our Pacific maritime law be affected? Before I participate in breaking up an institution that is more than 100 years old, I want those--and many more questions--answered.  Mr. President, I also have another concern. I find it interesting that supporters of this rider so often refer to the pace at which the ninth circuit does its business. Yet, these same Senators have done little or nothing to fill the many vacancies plaguing the ninth circuit. An outstanding member of the Washington State legal community, Margaret McKeown, has been languishing for nearly 2 years in this body. She has yet to receive a hearing. This is unconscionable and this has real impact on the administration of justice. To make the ninth circuit--or any circuit--work, we must have judges. Let's get the confirmation process moving, and that will stop the glacial pace that people are concerned about.  Finally, I want to remind my colleagues that we have passed almost every fiscal year 1998 appropriations bill without contentious riders. We should have learned from the disaster relief bill what can happen when these riders dominate the process. I believe we should maintain the bipartisan approach we've used so far and avoid letting this important bill get bogged down with riders.  Let's do our appropriations job right and let's do the very serious job of reconfiguring the judiciary right. I urge my colleagues to support the Feinstein amendment establishing a commission to guide the Congress on how best to resolve any real or perceived difficulties in the administration of justice in the ninth circuit.  I yield my time back to the Senator from California.  