 President, I rise to encourage the Senate to adopt H.R. 1090. This legislation is identical to my bill, S. 464, to address the issue of clear and unmistakable error. S. 464 was unanimously reported by the Veterans' Affairs Committee on which I proudly serve. I want to extend my thanks to both the chairman and ranking member of our committee for moving this important legislation in a timely and bipartisan manner .  Importantly, this legislation has been adopted by the House in three consecutive Congresses. Congressman Lane Evans has long championed this legislation; I commend him for his persistent and determined leadership. This legislation has also long been a priority issue to the Disabled American Vetetans. It has been a pleasure for me to work with the DAV here in Washington, DC and with local DAV representatives in Washington State.  Clear and unmistakable errors are errors that have deprived and continue to deprive veterans of benefits for which their entitlement is undeniable. The status quo denies benefits to a small number of veterans who are legally entitled to the benefits in question. To deny a veteran a legally entitled benefit due to a bureaucratic error or other mistake is beyond comprehension in my mind.  In recent months, I've handled several cases with the Department of Veterans Affairs that directly involved clear and unmistakable error. In one case, a veteran with a serious shoulder injury dating back to the Vietnam war was rated incorrectly for more than 20 years. In another case, a veteran with PTSD also dating to service in Vietnam was misdiagnosed for a lengthy period affecting his disability rating and benefits and the treatment he received. My legislation seeks to correctthis. I believe that we must make available every opportunity to right a wrong on behalf of a veteran.  To the VA's credit, some cases of clear and unmistakable error are reversible but it depends on where the veteran is in the VA process. S. 464 and H.R. 1090 will codify the VA's current regulatory authority to review ratings decision based on claim of clear and unmistakable error.  Unfortunately, some cases of clear and unmistakable error no longer offer recourse to the veteran. S. 464 and H.R. 1090 will allow a veteran to request that the Board of Veterans' Appeals review its prior decision based on a claim of clear and unmistakable error. A veteran would also have the opportunity to challenge the Board of Veterans' Appeals decision at the Court of Veterans' Appeals.  The Congressional Budget Office has determined that this legislation is budget neutral. This legislation will not require additional resources for the VA or take needed resources from other VA programs or benefits.  So often we in Congress talk about providing for veterans or about meeting our obligations to veterans. That is what this bill is all about; it gives a veteran the right to request a review rather than subjecting an ailing vet to a sometimes faceless bureaucracy hesitant to correct its mistakes. In passing this legislation, the Senate will stand with veterans that have been deprived of benefits for which their entitlement is undeniable.  Many veterans have waited decades for this day. The Senate should end this wait now with a strong vote. A strong vote will also send a message to President Clinton. In closing, I call upon President Clinton to bring this legislative effort to a successful conclusion; to join us all to ensure that the system errs on behalf of a deserving veteran rather than the Federal Government.  