 I have met with groups representing all sides on these issues--from the biotech industry to groups representing patients. I have tried to keep an open mind and work to find acceptable solutions to the many problems pointed out by industry and the patient groups. There appears to be a general mistrust among all interested parties. As a result each side is concerned about going too far--industry is concerned about burdensome and unnecessary regulation by FDA and the patients are concerned about effective regulation of the industry. It appears that this general mistrust is based on past experiences and each side can give numerous examples.  My objective was to revitalize the FDA to give it the regulatory flexibility to effectively regulate the pharmaceutical and medical device industry without jeopardizing timely approval of safe and effective lifesaving drugs and devices. At the same time, I am well aware of the prominent public health role played by the FDA--it is after all, a public health agency, not a drug or device manufacturer. My support for real reforms by no means says that I did not support an aggressive public health agency role for the FDA.  Several weeks ago, I met directly with several biotech companies in the State of Washington. As I sat at the table listening to their concerns I was struck by the amount of experience at the table and level of integrity that many of the companies are known for. I am proud to represent these companies that are on the cutting edge of medical technology and have contributed significantly to improving health care for all Americans. I knew that those companies would not market a dangerous, life threatening drug or device; that none of these companies deliberately act to falsify clinical data or would refuse to complete clinical trials. I knew that these companies were more concerned with getting their lifesaving technologies to patients than simply making a profit. They know the value of one's reputation and are truly proud of the lifesaving work they have done. Sadly, however, not all companies have the same commitment to the patient's health and are allowing stockholders, not scientists, to make decisions. Because of this, I am asking for the Chairman's commitment that the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee will retain a strong and aggressive oversight role.  We are making some sweeping and some may argue dramatic changes in the way the FDA operates. We need to be sure that these changes are positive and that FDA has the resources and ability to remain an effective public health agency. If we detect future problems or conflicts, I need your commitment and support for swift and thorough hearings. I need to know that we will continue to monitor the FDA, and if legislative revisions are necessary to protect the public health, we will act with great speed. There is probably no other Member more hopeful that some of these reforms will means that patients get access to safe and effective drugs and devices sooner, but I also know that we cannot forget the past. There are certainly many examples of situations where the public health was put into jeopardy by unscrupulous pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers. I need your assurances that if problems arise we will act to address any potential threat to the public health.  