 President, I rise to speak on a topic which significantly affects every citizen in America. An issue that has consequences for every child and parent, and tremendous bearing on our Nation's economic status and welfare--early childhood development.  Recent research has proven that an infant's brain initially holds approximately 100 billion neurons. However, without the proper care, nurturing, love, stimulation, and involvement of adults--which most of us were lucky enough to receive--these neurons will not make connections essential for healthy development. The amount of brain development which occurs between the ages of zero and 3 has enormous consequences later in a child's life. Children who are rarely touched develop brains 20 to 30 percent smaller than normal for their age. The 2-year-old girl whose mother is too preoccupied with her job to provide the proper care will not be as likely to develop to her potential. This child might feel deprived and angry. The good news is that if parents are given up-to-date information on how to promote brain development, they will be able to raise healthy children. The result will be more productive young adults.  Clearly, we must do something as a nation to provide help when help is needed. The most practical, ethical, and cost-effective way to solve such problems as a nation is to increase funding for early childhood development.  Mr. President, a person's brain develops the most rapidly between the ages of zero and 3, by 350 percent. Ironically, we spend the least amount of Federal money on children during this period, only 20 percent of the public expenditures from which they will benefit prior to adulthood. Between the ages of 3 and 18, however, while the brain develops by another 50 percent, public spending on children increases by 800 percent. We need to change this discrepancy. Parents need more and better information about how to best care for their infants. They need the tools to provide this care most easily.  With greater attention to early childhood development, we will spend less money on children later in their lives. National studies have found increased violence and crime among youth when they do not receive adequate developmental care as young children. Furthermore, greater attention to early childhood development will help children avoid falling through the cracks. It will help them succeed. They will make important contributions to our country--instead of possibly ending up in jail, institutions, or on welfare. The Early Childhood Development Act makes investments now that will benefit our society later by saving money, keeping us competitive, and preventing needless suffering.  I personally know that this is a worthwhile investment. As a preschool teacher 15 years ago, I saw children in need of nurturing. For some children, I was their only source of such care. I knew that my assistance was helping these 2- and 3-year-olds to lead productive adult lives. As a parent educator, I had information to give parents the tools they needed to provide the best possible environment for their children. All parents have something to gain from learning these skills--we just need to make the tools available to everybody.  Senator Kerry's early childhood development amendment puts us on the road toward this goal. The amendment gives grants to States to establish State Early Learning Coordinating Boards. These boards give grant funds to community projects for child care improvement, including parent education and involvement in schools. The amendment establishes forgiveable loans for child care workers, who earn a degree in early childhood development and agree to work in early childhood development for 2 years. This will not only increase general awareness for early child care, but it will empower individuals to access quality care. This amendment also expands currently successful programs. The Family and Medical Leave Act is expanded to grant parents time to become involved with school. Early Head Start will also have increased funding, which will improve health and nutrition services for low-income infants and toddlers. In addition, this amendment will fully fund WIC, ensuring that every mother has adequate nutrition--and a healthy baby. This will save taxpayers tremendous amounts of money in health care expenditures avoided.  A child learns more from its experiences in the first 3 years of life than at any other time, and the dollars we invest in early childhood now save billions later in welfare, emergency room, and court costs. I have seen a tremendous amount of commitment to children, by many caring adults, in my own experiences teaching preschool. But in order to make a real difference, we need a widespread sense of commitment to improve early childhood development services everywhere. We need a national strategy for informing parents, so they can send their children to the right child care providers, and take an active role in their development.  This amendment is a catalyst for all of these desperately-needed improvements. As policymakers, we must encourage and allow America's children to grow into healthy adults. We need to positively influence the lives of young people right now. Let us change the message we are sending to children, by investing in their futures.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  