 President.  Mr. President, I rise today in support of the pending Feinstein amendment. This amendment is not a creative or imaginative approach, that has been implied but rather conforms to the law of the land. It is an amendment that simply says that the health and life protections extended to all women in Roe versus Wade will not be infringed upon. It goes to the heart of this debate; will we act today to limit the rights and protections afforded all women by the U.S. Supreme Court or will we reaffirm that the life and health of a woman in this country must remain a priority.  There seems to be some confusion as to what Roe versus Wade and other courts decisions say and do. When you carefully read the majority opinion issued by the Justices in the Roe versus Wade decision, the limitations are quite clearly spelled out by the Court. The Justices spent a great deal of time and effort making the clear distinction between the rights of the women during the first two trimesters and the rights of the women in the last trimester once the fetus is viable. The courts drew this line and made it clear that the State had an overriding interest in restricting and regulating post viability abortions. As a result, post viability abortions are prohibited, except when necessary to protect the life and health of the mother. The Justices recognized the importance of a woman's health and life and had every confidence that women could make reasonable decisions. I simply do not understand why many of my colleagues refuse to accept the courts decisions and refuse to understand that late term, post viability abortions are only necessary when the life and health of the mother are in serious jeopardy.  While the language in this amendment simply reiterates what the courts have said and what many States have enacted because many on the other side have distorted the facts and have waged a public relations campaign against women and against doctors, I felt it was necessary to work on language that will address some of the allegations that have been made. That is why I have worked with the minority leader on his amendment that limits the scope of the health exemption without jeopardizing the guarantees and protections of women in this country. I would argue that this was not necessary, as I have full faith in women to make the right decision, but because of the allegations and misconceptions that have we have heard and seen, I recognize that it is the reasonable course of action.  I support the Feinstein amendment as it is consistent with what the States have done and it ensures that women will not be subjected to serious threats to their health and life because some people simply want to turn back the clock. I support this amendment because it goes beyond the pending bill in that it will prohibit all post viability abortions, not just a procedure. As supporters of this amendment, we do not claim to have the medical expertise to pick what procedures physicians are allowed to utilize. Further, we recognize the fact that the U.S. Senate should not be in the room with the physician and his or her patient.  I will also be a cosponsor of the Daschle language as I believe that a responsible legislator, I must do everything I can to ensure that the legisation we enact is constitutional and protects all citizens.  The Feinstein amendment does not and will not allow a healthy women to terminate a healthy pregnancy simply because she decides she no longer wants to be a mother. That is illegal and will continue to be illegal for a physician to perform any abortion after viability unless the women's health and life are in serious jeopardy. I ask my colleagues to carefully read the language in this amendment and remember that women and doctors know the definition of serious health consequences and to defeat the underlying legislation.  I would like to thank the sponsor of the amendment, Senator Feinstein. I know that Senator Feinstein has spent a great deal of time studying this issue and working to ensure that we did not unduly burden physicians and women.  I support her with this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the underlying bill that is before us today.  I yield my time to the Senator from California.  