 President, I rise today to bring attention to a pressing problem for legal immigrants in Washington State, that may also soon affect other States around the Nation. I urge you to support passage of amendment No. 134 to S. 672, the 1997 Supplemental Appropriations Act.  This amendment simply gives the USDA authority to sell food stamps to States, provided that all Federal costs are fully reimbursed.  Under last year's welfare law, certain legal immigrants will soon be excluded from eligibility for the Federal Food Stamp Program. However, Congress granted States the flexibility to provide some assistance to legal immigrants with their own State funds.  At the end of last month, Republicans and Democrats in the Washington State Legislature appropriated $66 million to grant food aid to nearly 40,000 legal immigrants, many of them children, who are not covered by Federal programs. By doing so, they issued a mandate for Gov. Gary Locke's administration to provide food assistance to these immigrants.  To carry out this mandate, the State wants to purchase food stamps from USDA. The State will pay all costs for administration, printing, shipping, and redeeming of the food stamps. This is State money--they are looking to buy food stamps from the Federal Government, because that program is already in place, and will maximize the use of this State money.  Since October, Washington State has been trying to make arrangements with USDA to buy food stamps. Officials at USDA have expressed a willingness to cooperate, but believe technical barriers exist.  USDA is concerned that State payments may end up in the general treasury instead of coming back to the Food Stamp Program.  USDA is also concerned that it may be violating the Anti-Deficiency Act, at least briefly. This is because USDA would be furnishing food stamps for a non-Federal purpose, although only until the State reimbursement arrives.  The State of Washington has made various offers to USDA to provide advance payment for the food stamps. To date, however, USDA has not granted a waiver allowing the State of Washington to purchase food stamps.  Time is running short, since these immigrants lose their Federal benefits at the end of August.  If USDA does not sell Washington State food stamps, a State scrip program will have to be set up. This will be costly and duplicative. According to estimates by the Washington State Department of Social and Health Services, this would cost a minimum of $1.5 million--due to the costs associated with printing and distributing the scrip. In addition, the State would have to establish new relationships with all food stamp venders in the State.  This has the potential to create many more problems than are necessary--two separate systems for Washington State customers, confusion for small businesses in border towns in Oregon or Idaho, and the added cost for everyone of learning an entirely new system.  Of course, this issue is not specific to the Pacific Northwest or to Washington State. Other States may be seeking to buy food stamps in this manner in the future. Massachusetts has already made strides toward this approach, and the California Legislature is looking at similar questions.  I urge unanimous support for this amendment.  