 President, I rise today to express deep regret at the passage of H.R. 1122, the so-called partial birth abortion bill. I find it appalling that the U.S. Senate will enact legislation that is not just an attack on choice, but more importantly an assault on a woman's reproductive health.  I had hoped that the Daschle amendment, which I cosponsored, would address the alleged concerns about unnecessary abortions being performed after viability. This amendment was a reasonable approach and would have met the State objective of preventing late-term abortions on healthy fetuses when there was no serious threat to the life or health of the mother. However, it has become obvious what the real agenda is; to chip away at the guarantees and protections afforded to all women by the Supreme Court. Those on the other side have now solicited the American Medical Association [AMA] in their efforts to undermine Roe versus Wade and to jeopardize the health of women.  The AMA has simply cut a deal which unfortunately does not include women's reproductive health. They have acted in such a way to protect their interests and not the interest of their patients. Their announcement does not in any way change the intent of this legislation nor does it do anything to address the concerns about women's health. It is simply a political, calculated decision.  During the 104th Congress, there were 53 floor votes attacking reproductive health. Today's vote is simply a continuation of this attack. In the 104th Congress we witnessed attacks on title X, international family planning, and access to save and legal abortion coverage for Federal employees and military personnel. This is not about preventing late-term abortions, this is about preventing a women's and physician's right to determine their own health care needs. They will not stop here. This attack will continue until all abortions, regardless of viability or the life and health of the mother are illegal. Today, we have taken a huge step backward.  Since joining the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee, I have heard from numerous groups representing physicians and from numerous doctors from Washington State. I have been told repeatedly that Congress must act to prevent the further eroding of the patient-doctor relationship currently taking place in the managed care delivery system. I have heard numerous stories about physicians who are unable to prescribe the appropriate treatment for their patients because insurance companies have determined this treatment too costly or not necessary. I have always agreed that doctors should be making health care decisions, not insurance companies. I now am baffled as to why the AMA would want the U.S. Congress to dictate what treatment options physicians can use to save the life and health of their female patients. Today's action invites the U.S. Congress into the operating room and appears to have the blessing of the AMA.  I am grateful that there is one last line of defense; the President's veto. I am hopeful that the President will act swiftly to veto this offensive and threatening legislation and that we will do the right thing and sustain this veto.  