 President.  Mr. President, I rise today in strong support of the pending amendment. I am pleased to join with the Senators from Utah and Massachusetts in supporting this bipartisan effort to launch one of the most important health initiatives since the creation of Medicare in 1965.  At the start of the 105th Congress both the Democratic and Republican leadership included comprehensive children's health insurance legislation on their agendas for action. I applauded this decision and believe that the amendment before us today moves us closer to enacting universal children's health care legislation.  Mr. President, as a member of the Budget Committee I have been actively involved in the negotiations and difficult decision, that resulted in this bipartisan balanced budget agreement which will control spending, encourage economic development and balance the budget in 2002. And I have been an adamant proponent of Medicaid and the need to maintain the health safety net for millions of children, pregnant women, the disabled, and senior citizens. Because of my role in the development of this agreement I recognize the fact that there is little room in the current confines of the budget to significantly expand Medicaid or other health discretionary programs to serve the 10\1/2\ million children who today lack any health care coverage. We cannot simply turn our backs on these children and their working parents. If children are truly our priority, we must be more creative in finding appropriate solutions.  The amendment before us will do just that. It will allow for an increase in the cigarette tax to fund a program that helps working parents purchase health insurance for their children or offset the cost of premiums, copayments or deductible for employer provided health insurance. It does not create a new Federal entitlement program--it relies on the private insurance market as opposed to a Government run plan. In many ways it is very similar to the structure of the Medicare Program which we all know is one of the most successful public/private programs currently administered by the Federal Government.  This amendment will not hinder the enactment of a balanced budget plan. It does not add one dime to the deficit, as it is entirely funded through the cigarette tax. It is fiscally responsible and does not violate any part of the bipartisan balanced budget agreement.  Some are arguing that we do not need to enact this act as the agreement will provide an additional coverage for 5 million children. While this is an important first step, who wants to tell those other 5\1/2\ million children that they will lose in this agreement? These are real children who are in our classrooms, in our homes, in our streets, and in our communities.  Today, we have the chance to provide real security for working families and to make a positive step forward for all children in our country. I believe we have a moral obligation as adults to address the growing health care crisis facing these 10\1/2\ million children, children who have no direct access to quality comprehensive health care, children whose only exposure to health care is the emergency room. In town hall meetings and community meetings across my State, the people I represent have told me that children and their future must be our priority.  Mr. President, I think it is important for us to realize that, if enacted, this proposal would actually have a more positive impact on the deficit than will ever be scored by CBO. A sick child cannot succeed in the classroom and becomes an unhealthy adult with few economic opportunities. As we learned a long time ago from the WIC Program, a little prevention goes a long way. Providing affordable comprehensive health insurance coverage for millions of children will pay huge dividends in the future. It does little good to help communities develop the classroom of the 21st century when children are suffering from diseases and illnesses of the 19th century.  I hope all of my colleagues will support this amendment so that we can move one step closer to ensuring that no child goes without necessary medical treatment and that every parent who works hard can provide health security for their children.  Today, let us make the same commitment to our children that we have made to senior citizens by protecting the solvency of the Medicare system. I urge adoption of this important amendment.  