 President, I rise to discuss the amendment introduced by the Senator from Arkansas regarding MFN status for China. This issue is of immense importance to Washington State and the Nation.  As a member of the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, I must state for the record that I believe that this is not the appropriate forum for this amendment. The Senator from Arkansas has chosen to spring upon the Senate--with little notice--his amendment to fundamentally alter our relationship with the world's most populous nation.  I am sure the Senator knows that the House of Representatives recently followed the process established by the Jackson-Vanik amendment to overturn the President's decision to renew most-favored nation status for the People's Republic of China. The House of Representatives in strong bipartisan fashion rejected the effort to overturn the President of the United States. I applaud the House for taking this action. The House vote in favor of MFN followed extensive hearings, much thoughtful debate, and considerable input from our constituents, the business community, and the Clinton administration.  While this is not a new issue to many in the Senate, the Senator from Arkansas now asks the U.S. Senate go on record on this important strategic issue on the wrong bill without the benefits of adequate debate and thorough consideration. I don't believe this is the way to make good policy, and particularly on the United States-China relationship which is perhaps the most important, most difficult and most challenging relationship for United States policy makers to manage.  I applaud Senator Hutchison's interest in the United States-China relationship. In fact, I share many of the concerns that he in his arguments has outlined. But I differ in his prescription for addressing the problems in the United States-China relationship. I don't believe ending MFN or normal trade ties with China will advance United States interests. Rather, I believe the approach prescribed by opponents of MFN would for all intensive purposes end our relationship with China. For my State, this would be disastrous.  Chinese students--some of whom will become future government leaders in China--will likely discontinue their studies at universities in this country including at the Henry Jackson School of International Affairs at the University of Washington.  As many as 400 Washington State families might lose the ability to adopt a young Chinese girl in the coming year as a result of this amendment.  The Reverend Ned Graham and his East Gates Mininstries based in Sumner, WA, could see its mission in China curtailed or possibly ended altogether. East Gates Ministries has distributed nearly 2 million Bibles printed in Chinese dialects throughout China. Other Washington State faith-based ministries are active in China and could see their activities halted if the Senate agrees to this amendment.  I recently traveled to Hong Kong and China to discuss candidly the issues like MFN, the World Trade Organization, Hong Kong's reversion to Chinese sovereignty, the trade imbalance between the United States and China, my personal concerns on human rights, and numerous other issues.  In Hong Kong, I met with officials from the U.S. Consulate, the American Chamber of Commerce, the Hong Kong Government, and others. On the street and in official meetings, I sought to determine the mood of the people of the former British Colony prior to the reversion to Chinese sovereignty. Again and again, I was encouraged to convey to the Congress the importance of MFN to Hong Kong. Virtually every leader from Hong Kong has communicated to Congress the devastating impact that MFN revocation would have on the island recently named the freest economy in the world.  In my view, it is important for all who want to influence change in China to recognize that Hong Kong's transition may be our best opportunity to further influence the mainland in such important areas as the rule of law, respect for individual rights, and the many democratic principles that we cherish in the United States.  In Beijing, I met with China's Vice Premier, Chinese Trade Ministry officials, and Chinese leaders involved in financial services, transportation, agriculture, electronics, and aviation. I also spent a significant amount of time with U.S. Ambassador Jim Sasser, our former Senate colleague. Ambassador Sasser, who was a China critic as a member of this body, now adamantly supports the renewal of MFN status for China.  In my meeting with Vice Premier Li Lanqing, I focused on the trade imbalance between the United States and China, my concerns and those of my constituents on human rights, and the importance of China abiding by its commitments to Hong Kong.  I also discussed the Chinese counterparts many other issues important to us, including the growth of the Internet in China, the competitive advantage of Washington State's ports and transportation infrastructure, thefuture energy needs of China, food security issues, including China's ability to feed its own people, problems associated with large, unproductive state-owned enterprises and growth patterns in coastal and rural parts of China.  My point in discussing my trip to China tonight is quite simple: If the Senate adopts the Hutchinson amendment, it will have disastrous consequences on the United States-China relationship. I believe it will threaten our very ability to dialog with the Chinese on all of the issues I have just outlined.  If the opponents of MFN truly believe the Senate must go on record on this issue, so be it. Let's do it in a responsible fashion with the proper consideration that an issue of this importance merits.  I strongly encourage my colleagues to vote against the Hutchinson amendment. I believe it is unwise and irresponsible for the Senate to address this issue in this fashion.  