 President.  Mr. President, I rise today as a cosponsor of the Daschle amendment that is before us. I want to take a minute to thank and applaud the Democratic leader for the amount of work that he has put into this very difficult and divisive issue, to try to find common ground that not only Members of the Senate can agree on but people across this country can find common sense in.  The majority of Americans do support Roe versus Wade and want to protect a woman's right to choose previability. The Daschle amendment does that. The vast majority of Americans want to ensure that if there is a healthy baby in a healthy woman, that that baby is born in this country, and the Daschle amendment does that.  The vast majority of Americans also want to ensure that, if a woman's life is at risk, she is not forced to keep a pregnancy and lose her life herself or have a grievous injury as a result of that. The Daschle bill protects a woman's health.  I know we have heard a lot of arguments about this. We have listened to this debate all day long. For my colleagues, I want us to remember this is not about choice or termination of unwanted pregnancy. This debate right now is about women's health.  The Santorum bill that is pending before the Senate today does not and will not end late-term, postviability abortions. As the Democratic leader has pointed out, there are other alternatives out there. What this bill does do is subject women to more dangerous procedures that could render them infertile. What the Santorum bill will do is forever eliminate the ability of a physician to take whatever steps are necessary to protect the health of his or her patient. If the Santorum legislation is enacted over the objections of the President, doctors who try to provide the best care possible for their patients will be arrested. I can tell my colleagues that I have more faith in a physician to make these decisions than I do in the U.S. Senate.  This debate is about the health of a woman. This is about women across this country and their ability to make sure that their health is protected. That is what the Daschle amendment does.  I listened to my colleagues time and again on this floor, come to the floor to say they are protecting women's health. We have had many debates about women's health, with many champions of women's health on this floor. I hope those Senators who so quickly rush to this floor to be those champions will be here to vote for the Daschle amendment.  I ask all of my colleagues to think of your wife or your daughter or your sister. If they are faced with a threatening, serious and grievous illness like cancer, would you not want their doctor to have every option available to save their life? We should remember this is about protecting the women.  I urge my colleagues to seriously think about the grievous consequences of the decision that this body is making today. I urge them to support the thoughtful, commonsense solution that Senator Daschle and others have put forward and to reject the Santorum bill.  I thank the Senator from South Dakota and yield my time back to him.  