 President, it is a personal pleasure and an honor for me to be here this afternoon as one of Washington's U.S. Senators. My State--my entire State--is immensely proud today as Tom Foley's nomination to be our Ambassador to Japan comes to the Senate floor.  Most of my Senate colleagues know Tom Foley personally as a result of working with him on legislation and on maintaining the integrity and authority of the legislative branch.  Important for those of us in the Senate, the man who eventually became Speaker began his congressional career in the U.S. Senate as special counsel to the late and revered Washington State Senator Henry M. ``Scoop'' Jackson. Despite his distinguished service in the other body, Tom Foley is really one of our own.  Tom was born and raised in Spokane, WA. The son of Superior Court Judge Ralph and Helen Foley, he is the descendent of a pioneering family that settled in Washington's big bend country. He also learned firsthand the importance of public service from his father, Judge Foley. In addition, he learned firsthand about the crop that has become one of our most successful export commodities, wheat, by working in his uncle's grain elevator business.  It was that early introduction to the export dominated economy of our State that led to his unstinting advocacy of American agricultural exports to Japan, most of Asia, and throughout the world.  Throughout his long service as a Washington State Representative to Congress and as its Speaker, he was a tireless advocate for American competitiveness in the world market and for its peerless agricultural productivity. As a champion of America's family farmers throughout his service as a member and then chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, he took every opportunity to press, usually successfully, the opening of markets throughout the world to the production of America's farmers.  But Speaker Foley always understood that America's national interest would be best served by ensuring that all of its products would have a level playing field with all our trading partners. It is my belief that the reason Speaker Foley enjoys such great respect in Japan today is his consistent and candid portrayal of critical issues that have arisen between this country and Japan. The Japanese, like many of my Senate colleagues who have served here longer than I, also know him as a skilled and tireless negotiator.  In my opinion, no recent Member of Congress surpasses Speaker Foley in the depth and breadth of his understanding of Japan. It is no exaggeration to say that during the more than 25 years he has traveled regularly to Japan, he has made the acquaintance of virtually every single political and economic leader of note in that country. On those trips, and the many occasions when he received Japanese political and business leaders in this country, he pressed the full range of American trade and vital mutual security concerns. Throughout this period, Speaker Foley also provided counsel and sage advice to Presidents of both parties.  This record of understanding, great knowledge, and policy expertise is unparalleled in either Tokyo or Washington. It makes Speaker Foley the natural choice to be our Ambassador to Japan, representing our Nation, its people, and its vital interests. The residents of my State are so proud of Tom Foley's record of public service.  Mr. President, I believe it is time once again, to draw from the illustrious alumni ranks of the Senate to fill what is perhaps our most important diplomatic post as we did when we sent Majority Leader Mansfield and Vice President Walter Mondale to Tokyo.  Tom Foley will be a fabulous ambassador. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this nomination.  