 President, my amendment seeks only to clarify the support of this body for the family violence option, adopted during consideration of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act. The family violence option allows States to waive victims of domestic violence and abuse from punitive work and education requirements, without being penalized. States would not be required to include these individuals in their 20-percent hardship exemption.  The family violence option amendment, which I joined with Senator Wellstone in offering to the welfare reform legislation, was intended to give States the flexibility to ensure that victims of domestic violence and abuse do not become victims of welfare reform. The amendment was adopted and accepted as part of the final conference report.  At the time, it was clear to many of us that there is a direct relationship between domestic violence and poverty. Many women and their children become trapped in violent situations based on their economic dependency. For many women and their children, welfare offers the only way out of a violent and dangerous environment. To create arbitrary obstacles to this assistance simply ensures that women and children will be trapped. This was obvious to many of us, but a recent report from the Taylor Institute made our case more solid. This report reviewed previous studies on domestic violence and abuse and made some startling conclusions regarding the number of women who are receiving welfare and who have been abused by their partner. I can tell my colleagues that this number alone could well exceed the 20-percent hardship exemption.  Giving States the flexibility that they need to address this crisis is absolutely necessary if the true objective is welfare reform. Any effort to move people from welfare to work must address the obstacles facing those victims of abuse and violence.  Many States have attempted to include a family violence option in their welfare reform implementation plans. However, because there appears to be a general lack of congressional intent on this option, my amendment is necessary to assist those States who are trying to do the right thing. The States need to know that they will not be penalized for exempting victims of domestic abuse and violence from the mandatory work and training requirements.  For many victims, simply finding a job can place them and their children in great danger. Giving an employer their home phone number or address exposes them to their abuser. Placing their child in unsecured day care exposes the child to the abuser. Victims of domestic violence and abuse cannot simply utilize most day care options. Once they leave their abuser they subject themselves and their child to the risk of retaliation. How can we say to a victim of domestic violence that they must find a job knowing that we are placing them and their children in harms way?  Helping and guiding abused women and children off of welfare involves much more than job training. Many of these women are already employed or have been employed in the past; but their abuser is the obstacle that traps them into a life of poverty. States must be able to meet these needs without jeopardizing the overall success of their welfare reform plans.  I ask my colleagues for not just their support, but their help as well. Please vote yes on this amendment to prevent women and children from being trapped in a violent situation simply because they cannot meet certain requirements that have nothing to do with improving their lives. I know that none of my colleagues would have supported placing obstacles in the way of women trying to leave a violent home.  