 Once again, the leadership of the subcommittee has produced a bill that I am sure will be widely and bipartisanly supported by the Senate.  I also want to take this opportunity to commend Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. The Secretary appeared before the subcommittee to explain and justify the administration's increased request for this bill. But she went further than this, further than her Democratic and Republican predecessors at the State Department. Secretary Albright has taken the case for foreign aid and the work of this subcommittee directly to the American people. She has done a remarkable job conveying to our constituents the benefits to the American people of our role in the world and the importance of continued U.S. leadership abroad.  The foreign operations, export financing, and related programs Appropriations bill provides monies to meet a great number of important policy initiatives. I want to use my time today to draw attention to just a few of the important initiatives.  Importantly and with my full support, this bill fully funds the Administration's assistance request for our democratic ally Israel. I visited Israel late last year with a delegation of my constituents. It was my first trip to the Middle East. The trip was a wonderful experience that has benefited me personally and professionally as I approach my work at the Foreign Operations Subcommittee. I met with Prime Minister Netanyahu, with the chief Palestinian negotiator, and with the Norweigian diplomats who negotiated the Oslo accords. I met with the Ambassador to Israel, toured important historic and cultural sites, and stood atop the Golan Heights. More than ever, I am convinced that the foreign assistance moneys provided by this legislation to Israel and in support of the peace process are warranted and of strategic importance to the United States.  This bill is also a key tool in our efforts to increase U.S. exports and to generate new jobs all across the country. The provisions of this bill providing moneys for the Export-Import Bank of the United States, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and the Trade Development Agency are vitally important to my constituents. A recent 1997 study titled, ``Foreign Exports and the Washington State Economy,'' concluded that ``no state derives more economic benefit from the production of goods and services for the foreign markets that Washington State.'' Shortly after the turn of the century, one in three Washington State jobs will be reliant upon international trade. Jobs related to trade in my state also paid wages 46 percent higher than the State average. These trade promotion programs are priority issues for me and I am pleased that we've met the administration's request for these programs. In the case of the Ex-Im Bank, the subcommittee has exceeded the administration's request.  Another key component of this bill is our assistance program to Russia and the newly independent states. This assistance is as important as any granted by the United States. It is a small price to pay to ensure that the trillions of dollars spent on the cold war does not go to waste. Certainly there are problems on the ground in Russia and the NIS countries; religious persecution, political and economic corruption, weapons proliferation and environmental pollution to name just a few. The United States must be diligent in tackling these problems as they arise in our continuing efforts to promote and support democracy.  I am particularly interested in our efforts to increase and highlight the linkages between the Russian Far East and the west coast of the United States. Washington State is as involved in the Russian Far East as any State in the country. Chairman Stevens is also personally very knowledgeable about the importance of this region as Alaska also maintains many direct ties to the Russian Far East.  The Committee bill also contains many important provisions to children. It contains funding for UNICEF and other child survival programs. Our bill provides moneys to educate young girls as well as provide microcredit loans to young families and women in the developing world. These funds make an enormous difference in the lives of millions of children and families in the world.  I have touched on just a few of the the provisions within this important bill. Again, I want to thank the manager's for bringing this legislation to the Senate today. And I encourage my colleagues to support the foreign operations legislation.  