  Mr. President, this bipartisan amendment simply strikes the existing ban on privately funded abortions in overseas military hospitals for military personnel and dependents. For the information of my colleagues, it is identical to the amendment that I offered last Congress which was adopted by the Senate.  Mr. President, it is extremely amazing to me that today a woman who volunteers to serve our country and is stationed overseas surrenders her ability to receive a safe and legal abortion without unnecessary and intrusive obstacles.  Not only are female military personnel denied this basic reproductive health service, but so are dependents of military personnel.  Mr. President, I know that my colleagues share my concerns regarding current allegations of sexual harassment against women in the military. We all agree this is intolerable and cannot and will not be accepted. We are all committed to protecting women from sexual harassment or discrimination while serving in the military. We all recognize that serving one's country does not mean sacrificing one's civil and constitutional rights.  While the military may have a separate code of conduct, basic civil rights are afforded all military personnel. It is important for me to stress this to my colleagues. No Senator would come to the floor to support any legislation that eliminated constitutional guarantees for military personnel. However, that is exactly what happens today unless we lift the current ban on access to safe and legal abortion services for military personnel serving overseas.  In 1993, the ban on privately funded abortion services for military personnel and independents was lifted, restoring basic health care protection to all women serving overseas. Unfortunately, in the 1996 Department of Defense Authorization Act, this ban was reinstated. I was at a loss then and I still am today as to what the justification is for this ban.  I have heard supporters of the ban talk about the use of Federal funds to provide abortion-related services. Mr. President, this argument is weak at best. My amendment would require that personal funds be used. 