 While I certainly respect the National Cancer Institute and its work, I, too, am very concerned about their recent conclusion that standard mammography guidelines for women ages 40 to 49 are unnecessary.  At a time when there is still so much we do not know about breast cancer, I believe it is particularly important that we take the best science available and advise women based on its conclusions. More and more, we are learning that preventive care is the best way to catch breast cancer in time to save a woman's life. With that knowledge, we fought hard for Medicare coverage of mammography screening, and now President Clinton is proposing we expand that coverage.  We all know that mammographies save not only lives, but Federal dollars as well. The cost of annual mammographies is far less than the cost of mastectomies, radiation, or other treatments. M. President, I believe we are headed in the right direction with these policies, and stepping back from encouraging annual check ups is not sending a consistent message to women. Instead, we should be making the same commitment to women between the ages of 40 and 50 as we have to those who are older. Evidence shows that this is the age when the risk of breast cancer increases for many women--and continues to climb in later years.  According to the American Cancer Society, the incidence of breast cancer in the United States has leveled off in recent years. That is very good news. Even still, in my home State an estimated 3,500 women will learn that they have breast cancer this year. An estimated 850 will die from this disease in the same year. And, breast cancer is the No. 1 cancer killer among women ages 15 to 54. Like many here, I have seen the devastation breast cancer leaves in its path and the children it has left motherless. It is heartbreaking to think that with earlier detection they may not have lost their lives. I think we can all agree that--as with any other cancer--if we believe we can prevent women from suffering from this disease, we must do everything in our power to do so.  The American Cancer Society also tells us that in the last decade, the average breast lump size--the first indicator of cancer in most cases--has decreased substantially. In 1991, the average size of detected tumors was down to 2.1 centimeters--that is about the size of a nickel. What this tells us is that potentially malignant tumors are being found in earlier and earlier stages of development. Consequently, women have the opportunity to start treatment earlier, and have a higher chance of survival or avoiding drastic options like mastectomies. Mortality rates for Caucasian women have leveled off and even started dropping in recent years. Unfortunately, however, the statistics for women of color are not as good, but at least we know screening helps--now we have to make sure that these women have access to screening.  I do not believe that anyone in this Chamber would deem regular mammographies for a woman over 40 as frivolous. On the contrary, I believe the Members of this body, including myself, now understand better than ever the importance of regular screening for many forms of cancer. I am not a doctor, nor do I pretend to know more than the participants of the NCI's breast cancer screening consensus panel. However, I do know enough to understand the value of preventive screening for breast cancer. And, I also know that we have been fighting an uphill battle to get women--or men, for that matter--into their doctors' offices to have annual check ups. Therefore, I am very concerned about the consequence of continued confusion over recommendations for how often a woman should have a mammography and mixed signals from leading officials. I look forward to the results of the American Cancer Society's review of the data used by the consensus panel.  In the meantime, I support Senator Snowe and Mikulski's efforts to send a strong, clear signal to women that until we have conclusive evidence to the contrary, we know there is a benefit to regular screening. Along with my colleagues, I encourage all women over 40 to follow the American Cancer Society's recommendation of mammographies every 1 to 2 years. Again, I thank my friends from Maine and Maryland for their work on this issue and their dedication to women's health.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  