 President, this is the 5th year I have been a Member of the U.S. Senate. And this is the 5th year I can recall debating campaign finance reform. I have voted for campaign reform legislation several times now, and each time it has been killed off by filibuster.  This year, I have served as a member of the Leadership Task Force on Campaign Reform. We knew from the beginning of the year this would be a big issue. Therefore, we have devoted hours to finding a way to break the logjam and move a bill.  Against this backdrop, I have been listening to this debate very closely over the past few days. I have been watching the hearings in the Governmental Affairs Committee, and I have been watching the efforts of colleagues on the other side of the aisle as they attempt to find a compromise.  So far, I cannot see many differences between this debate, and the ones we've had over the past few years. In this debate, we have a bipartisan group of Senators committed to reform. This group has worked overtime to craft a reasonable reform measure that makes sense for America. They have worked to generate support, to make their case to the media and to the public, and to push for the last few votes necessary to pass it. I have been proud to support the effort.  And, like usual, there is the familiar obstruction on the other side of the aisle: a concerted effort to preserve the status quo. Though carefully disguised, their goal is to prevent reform legislation from passing.  There is a big difference this time. The public is paying more attention than ever before. The excesses of the last campaign season, brought to light through the good work of the Governmental Affairs Committee, have made campaign reform a front-burner issue in every kitchen in America. Just yesterday, more than 1 million signatures were delivered to the Capitol. These are signatures from people all over America who, over the past 7 months, have joined a nationwide call for reform.  The people are calling for reform, as they have for years. But this time the call is louder, the focus is more intense, and the opponents of reform will be held accountable.  What exactly is the problem? Money, plain and simple. Too much money, having too much influence over our democratic process. As I have said before, this Congress has reached the point where votes and decisions have become a bidding war between well funded special interests.  When the Senate debates a bill, we are no longer simply 100 Senators representing our States. We are 100 Senators representing our States and every special interest who has ever made a major financial contribution to the party, or to the campaign, in order to influence government decisionmaking. This is wrong. This is not the way it should be.  The campaign system is clogged with money, and there is no room left for the average voter. Political campaigning has become an industry in this country. In last election, over $800 million were spent on Federal elections alone. To what end? To perpetuate the status quo. Just think what $800 million could do if spent on charitable pursuits.  Instead, that money--much of it undisclosed, from dubious sources--flowed into the political arena and dictated the terms of our elections to the people. Like water, it flowed downhill into campaigns all across the country. Some of it came out in the form of national party ads attacking candidates in the abstract; some came out in the form of issue-ads by interest groups trying to influence the outcomes. Some of it came out in the candidates own TV ads.  It reaches the point where you almost cannot hear the voices of the candidates anymore, only the voices of the dueling special interests. We do not know who pays for these ads, where they get their money, or what they stand to gain if their candidate wins. Yet they have found ways to have a huge influence over the election process.  On the other side of the aisle, the opponents of reform argue against the McCain-Feingold bill on free speech grounds. They wrap themselves in the flag and posture as protectors of free speech. Then they argue politicians and political parties should be able to take money in any amount from anyone in order to make the case for their reelection. They believe that having more money entitles one to a greater influence over our campaigns and elections. I find this argument shocking, Mr. President. I find it profoundly un-democratic, and un-American.  In hiding behind a transparent argument about free speech based on access to money, the opponents of reform conveniently gloss over reality: our campaign system is so awash in money, that the voices of average people and average voters are completely drowned out. Ultimately, people are losing faith in their elected officials and their government. It is simply not a healthy situation for our country.  Mr. President, the opponents of reform miss the point. In America, money does not equal speech. More money does not entitle one to more speech. The haves are not entitled to a greater voice in politics than the have-nots. In America, everyone has an equal say in our government. That is why our Declaration of Independence starts with, ``We, the people.''  The last time we debated reform, I told a story of a woman who sent my campaign a small contribution of $15. With her check she enclosed a note that said, ``please make sure my voicemeans as much as those who give thousands.'' With all due respect, Mr. President, this woman is typical of the people who deserve our best representation. Sadly, under the current campaign system, they rarely do.  I have tried to live by my word on this issue. My first Senate campaign was a shoestring affair. I was out spent nearly 3 to 1 by a congressional incumbent. But because I had a strong, grassroots, people-based effort, I was able to win.  Since then, I have worked hard to keep to that standard. I have over 20,000 individual donors. The average contribution to my campaign is $42. Over 90 percent of my contributions come from within Washington State. I firmly believe that's the way campaigns should be run: by the people.  We need more disclosure, not less. We need more restrictions on special interest money, not fewer. We need less money in the system, not more. We need to amplify the voices of regular people, instead of allowing them to be shouted down by special interests.  Mr. President, I believe we have made this debate way too complicated. After all the maneuvering, the cloture petitions, the technicalities, the procedural votes, this issue boils down to one basic question: are Senators willing to make some modest reforms to reduce the influence of big money in politics and encourage greater voter participation? Or are they more interested in protecting the current system, and the ability of parties and politicians to turn financial advantage into political advantage?  Are you for reform, or against it? Are you with the people, or against them on the need for a more healthy democracy? The votes we are taking today will show the answers to these questions.  