 President, today we debate an amendment to the fiscal year 1998 District of Columbia Appropriations Act that would provide publicly-funded vouchers to low-income students so they can attend private and religious schools in the District and surrounding areas.  The bill would authorize $7 million in the first year and a total of $45 million over 5 years. My colleagues have pointed out that this $7 million would only serve 3 percent of the students in the Washington, DC school district, and that we should instead be looking at investments that will help 100 percent of the students.  How much would $7 million buy for all the students in Washington, DC schools? How much real help--that would improve their ability to learn and succeed?  How many teachers, reading assistants, school counselors, nurses, or volunteer coordinators would $7 million buy? How many computers, video systems, wireless communications systems, computer-assisted drafting systems, technology labs and other tools could $7 million buy? How many different ways could we help the parents--through parent involvement programs or family literacy services--to help their children succeed in school, with $7 million?  My colleagues have in this debate asserted or intimated that defense of the public school is essentially defending the status quo, and being afraid of change. Well, when it comes to using public school funds to pay for students to attend private, sectarian schools, the status quo is actually set in the U.S. and many State constitutions.  Our country has a rich history, since Roger Williams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Madison, that keeps a line of separation between our public tax dollars and the checking account at the local house of worship. These debates are further informed by public votes and public polls. As far as the American public is concerned, this particular ground has been gone over. The argument is moot; the law is clear.  The experiences of the State of Washington also have bearing on this issue. I stand before you as a former school board member from a State where the law allows school boards to change anything not otherwise prohibited by law--to help students learn.  Washington State allows wide flexibility in carrying out existing school law--and the Washington State Legislature has held many open public debates on laws that seem too stifling. In every school in my State, like those in many other States, there are teachers, students, parents, and community members thinking about how to make schools better, and taking actions to make them better.  I want to be very clear about this--fear of change is not the obstacle here. My State also has a public school choice law that allows any student to attend school in any public school they choose. One thing we ve learned from this Washington State law is that the biggest frustration occurs when a school determines, as it is allowed, to say when the school is full, and closes the door to new students--who then must choose another school.  The voters of Washington had a choice last fall, to allow private school vouchers. And they overwhelmingly rejected the idea at the polls. As you have heard, this has happened in other States around the country.  Today, if you are worried about the educational crisis affecting any student in a public school anywhere in this country --you have two choices. You can play ``let's talk about vouchers,'' or you can go help a school. You can work at a think tank, or write a column for a newspaper, or become a Member of Congress.  And you can spend a good portion of your career, countless hours of debate, and millions of dollars breaking your pick in the ground of the school voucher issue. You can impose your will on the only people in the contiguous United States without representative government. You can play games with a community that faces enough challenges already. You can strive to further denigrate the D.C. schools by luring away to private religious schools the 2,000 students who are most likely to want to become leaders in a revitalized public school.  Or, you can do something productive. This $7 million could do some good. Your time devoted to a public school could help make needed changes. Your fund-raising on behalf of a public school foundation could make the difference for many students. Your tutoring or advocacy on behalf of a student or family could be the symbol that drives much more volunteer time and public awareness.  It all comes down to one parent wanting to get the very best for his or her son or daughter, and how we can help that parent. We can dangle the possibility of a religious school voucher, or we can help the student and his or her school. For that one student, this $7 million voucher system could be far less meaningful than the help and attention of one caring adult.  If any nationally-recognized voucher advocate went to that one student's school and offered to mediate a discussion, hold a fund-raiser, or work with a family--that student could find real solutions in a real school. Or, we can continue to talk about vouchers and other things that will not, and in this case, should not happen.  People have been talking about the crisis in schools for many years. The research shows we are doing better in many areas, but are not living up to the expectations of a new century. I fear that these kinds of discussions just create a crisis of a different kind--a crisis that saps our sense of volunteer spirit and voluntary support of public education. The students deserve better.  