 President, I am pleased to recommend this bill to the Senate. The recommended amount, $9.18 billion, is within the 602(b) allocation for the Military Construction Subcommittee and is frugal, some $600 million, or 6 percent below last year's appropriated level.  Nevertheless, we have added nearly $800 million to the amount requested by the administration, primarily to correct serious shortfalls in the budget request for National Guard and Reserve forces, and for quality-of-life initiatives in housing and medical care for U.S. military personnel.  In order to keep our Guard and Reserve forces healthy, we have again, as in the past, had to add substantial sums, some $392 million, to an inadequate request.  As for housing, we have added approximately $152 million for family housing, and despite this increase, we are still about $301 million below last year's level. The added funds, however, are in the new area of housing initiatives known as privatization, wherebythe money acts as seed capital which is multiplied over some three or four times with infusions of private developer funds, so the funds we have added carry an added punch.  On another quality-of-life measure, we have added substantially to the request for medical and hospital facilities, increasing the request by nearly 50 percent, for a total of $208 million.  These initiatives have been put together in a truly bipartisan fashion, in close cooperation with the distinguished chairman, Senator Burns and his staff. It is a good product, worthy of strong Senate support. I appreciate the courtesies that have been extended to me by the chairman and his staff, and believe this close working relationship has created a product which is balanced and fair to all Senators.  We appropriated money for nearly all the projects authorized by the Senate Armed Services Committee, and have attempted to evaluate and satisfy the requests of all members fairly, and fund worthy projects, through design or minor construction if they have not been authorized. We have made every effort to include report language that members have suggested to us.  We fully funded the BRAC request, some 22 percent of the bill, fully funded environmental projects, and we have tried to accommodate the sizable construction request for overseas projects, such as barracks in Europe and Korea. Overseas construction constitutes 24 percent of the overall construction request.  The committee is concerned over the amounts that will be needed for additional costs of NATO expansion, based on the decisions at the Madrid summit, and for the funds requested for Southwest Asia propositioning of equipment in the nation of Qatar. We have asked for a report on NATO expansion costs by mid-October, hopefully in time for the Senate debate on this matter.  We have also asked the administration to execute a burdensharing agreement with the Government of Qatar, whose population of 550,000 people enjoy a $21,000 per capita income and has, in fact, offered to help defray our expenses in our prepositioning program.  This legislation is extremely important to our military personnel for many reasons. One of the most important for me is the messages we are able to send our active duty personnel serving abroad separated from family. We are providing for families--housing, day care, community support facilities--providing for families so our active duty personnel can focus on the task at hand when serving a tour on the U.S.S. Lincoln or patrolling near the DMZ in Korea.  I am particularly pleased the committee was able to fund several authorized projects in Washington State. At Fairchild Air Force Base, we were able to meet the base's priority need for alterations to the fire station and provide moneys for an education center and a library. The committee was able to provide moneys for barracks replacement and a medical/dental clinic at Fort Lewis, and important C-17 facilities at McChord Air Force Base. I do appreciate the committee's willingness to be responsive to the needs of Washington State.  I, again, thank the chairman for his help in making this a truly bipartisan bill, and I commend staff on both sides of the aisle for their outstanding professional work on this legislation. I join Chairman Burns in recommending that the Senate adopt this legislation with strong bipartisan support.  I yield the floor.  