 President, I want to thank my many colleagues, who on such short notice, agreed to cosponsor and enact this resolution establishing November 6, 1997, as National Concern about Young People and Gun Violence Day. I know the many volunteers and organizations working to protect our children also offer their thanks.  Today, Halloween, is a perfect day to reaffirm our national commitment to stopping youth violence. On this night, children across America will be going trick or treating dressed in all sorts of wonderful costumes. They will enjoy seeing each other, visiting their neighbors, and--best of all--getting mountains of sweets.  But in many cities, parents will keep their children inside. There will be no trick or treating because the streets are too dangerous for children. There might be block parties, but there won't be the fun and freedom that comes from frolicking through the streets in search of the good treats. All of us recognize the importance of making our streets and communities safe for children.  One person, Mary Lewis Grow, thought something we might do to make our young people safer was to establish a national Day of Concern. So, this Minnesota homemaker, in 1996, persuaded Senators Wellstone, Specter, and Bradley to introduce this resolution. Other groups, such as Mothers Against Violence in America, joined her effort. The proclamation of a special day of recognition also provided support to a national effort to encourage students to sign a pledge against gun violence. In 1996, 32,000 students in Washington State signed the pledge card, as did more than 200,000 children in New York City, and tens of thousands more across the Nation.  The Student Pledge Against Gun Violence calls for a national observance on November 6 to give students throughout America the chance to make a promise, in writing, that they will do their part to prevent gun violence. The students' pledge promises three things: first, they will never carry a gun to school; second, they will never resolve a dispute with a gun; and third, they will use their influence with friends to discourage them from resolving disputes with guns.  Mr. President, just last week I joined several colleagues on the floor of the Senate as we decried the murder of Ann Harris, a 17-year-old Virginian, by a 19-year-old man in Washington State. This random act of violence was apparently precipitated because the car in which Ann was a passenger was going too slowly for the driver of the car in which the murderer was riding. The young man was angry enough and morally numbed enough to fire his gun into Ann's car, killing Ann. What a tragedy. What a waste.  In another example, a 14-year-old boy opened fire in a Moses Lake, WA, classroom, killing a teacher and student and wounding others. He has been convicted, but that does little to ease the pain of the loss suffered by that small community. Maybe if he had signed a pledge, maybe if he had heard the message over and over from parents and friends that gun violence was the wrong way to solve problems, maybe if, maybe if. We don't know how we might have stopped this act of violence, but we know we all have to try education, try outreach, try everything.  Mr. President, we need to help all of our kids feel a part of this society. Yetoften we overlook the young people themselves when trying to develop solutions. Students and other young leaders represent the great untapped resource for improving our communities. As many teachers and police officers have told me, ``if a young person doesn't succeed anywhere else, they can always find success in a gang.'' We need to make sure they have more productive options. The road to creating these options, and to healing our communities, starts with the young people themselves.  Young people increasingly grow tired of getting all of the blame for crime in our neighborhoods, and none of the responsibility for solutions. If you ask young people what they think will make a difference for them, you'll find them to be highly creative. Many times their solutions work far better than solutions put forward by adults.  Young people in my State and across the country don't like school uniform requirements, curfews, and other policies enacted for young people. Young people with the Seattle Youth Involvement Network decided to do something about it. They opened a dialog with the police department. They shared perspectives. They looked across the lines that separated their cultures. They spoke about ways police see and speak with young people and vice versa. And they found solutions to many problems facing them both.  For more than a year now, I've been in a dialog with young people from all over the State of Washington who have joined the Senate Advisory Youth Involvement Team I established. They advise me on issues affecting them, and I help them with local community action. Crime, and how to prevent it, is a large concern with the young people I talk with, whether they are in gifted programs or youth offender programs.  This resolution today should be seen as an invitation for young people across the country to tell us what they think about how to solve the problems of crime and gun violence. It should be displayed in every school, community center, and on every street corner in America.  Mr. President, let us work with our kids to show them we care. And with our communities to give these young people other options to violence. I again affirm my commitment to work with our young people to let them know we care about them and to help them learn gun violence is not the answer to any problem.  