 President, I am honored today to express my strong support for Madeleine Albright's nomination to be the next U.S. Secretary of State. Long after I leave the United States Senate, I will recall fondly the day I voted to confirm Madeleine Albright as Secretary of State; our 63d and first female Secretary of State.  Madeleine Albright is a spectacular nominee; I've worked closely with her since I came to the Senate, particularly on the 1995 United Nations Conference on Women. I do speak personally of the great respect she's earned from many on Capitol Hill. And I know that same respect has been earned in Capitals around the globe throughout her distinguished career. There will be no on-the-job training for this public servant. In recent times, no Secretary of State has assumed the post with the breadth of experience and bipartisan support that Madeleine Albright will bring to the State Department.  Secretary of State is an enormously important job. One of Secretary Warren Christopher's final public statements underscores the importance of the job performed by the Secretary and the American citizens who work at the State Department and in postings around the world. Secretary Christopher, describing his tenure and accomplishments, said, ``Russia's democracy was in crisis; its economy was near collapse. The nuclear arsenal of the former Soviet Union was scattered among four new countries with few safeguards. The war in Bosnia was at the peak of its brutality and threatening to spread. North Korea was developing nuclear weapons. The Middle East peace process was stalemated; negotiations were stymied. Repression in Haiti was pushing refugees to our shores. NAFTA's passage was in serious doubt.'' Certainly, Secretary Christopher's tenure was marked by many other difficult issues that met varying degrees of success. My point is to use Secretary Christopher's words to emphasize the enormity and the importance of the task ahead for Madeleine Albright.  Madeleine Albright will confront a similar list of issues important to our future economic and security interests. China and Asia as a whole have moved to the forefront and many have written that the President will make this important region of the world a ``legacy issue'' for his second term. I certainly support an activist U.S. role in Asia; from the Russian Far East which is increasingly linked to my State of Washington to South Asia where the threat of nuclear escalation will require careful diplomacy. Hong Kong is on the verge of a return to Chinese sovereignty, and numerous territorial disputes throughout Asia threaten to become military flashpoints. The United States is and must continue to be the stabilizing force in Asia that fosters peace and our economic growth in the region. Numerous regional groupings from APEC to the ASEAN Regional Forum will require U.S. leadership and vigilance. This region, with more than one-half of the world's population, must be a priority of the new Secretary. And I am sure Madeleine Albright will represent the ideals we cherish; the ideals we share with the world through an activist, engaged foreign policy.  Europe and the former Soviet states must also remain a priority issue. NATO expansion will be difficult. And international trade issues with the European Community will continue to be difficult as we seek to gain greater market access, end subsidized competition in manufacturing and agriculture, and continue to press for protection of U.S. intellectual property rights. Madeleine Albright, an immigrant from Prague, is uniquely qualified to represent U.S. interests in this region of mature and growing political and economic relationships.  Latin America is finally emerging from the throes of the cold war. El Salvador and Guatemala are continuing on important paths to peace and reconciliation. Virtually every Latin American country is now under some form of democracy; the United States must continue to foster this democratic development and reconciliation. NAFTA expansion to Chile and beyond will require a respected leader to negotiate agreements beneficial to the United States and to educate and understand the concerns of a skeptical public. Again, I believe Madeleine Albright will do a fabulous job for the American people in this region of the world.  Problems in Africa continue to go largely unnoticed in our country. Children throughout the world continue to suffer the evils of disease and malnutrition. Radical changes may come to Cuba and North Korea in the near future. All of these issues, and many more unforseen events, will require a person like Madeleine Albright.  Finally, following her confirmation, I want to urge the new Secretary to be a voice for the State Department and its family of employees, many of whom are scattered around the world in service to our country. I find it refreshing that Ambassador Albright during her confirmation hearing freely talked about the difficulties of conducting foreign relations, on the cheap.  As a member of the Appropriations Foreign Operations Subcommittee, I look forward to working closely with Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.  