 President.  Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to speak on amendment No. 424 to the defense authorization legislation that was proposed yesterday by my colleague, Senator Gorton. I am a cosponsor of this amendment to require the Navy to reopen the selection process for the donation of the USS Missouri.  From the beginning, I have followed closely the Navy's handling of the Missouri, working with Senator Gorton, Congressman Norm Dicks, the Washington congressional delegation, and my constituents. The ``Mighty Mo'' is a relic of immense importance and historical significance. It was on the decks of this great battleship that World War II came to a welcome end.  The Missouri is particularly valued by the residents of my home State where she has been berthed for most of the last 40 years in Bremerton. She is a source of great pride to the veterans in my State, many of whom served in World War II, including in the Pacific theater and aboard the Missouri.  I have reviewed yesterday's debate over the amendment, and I want to take this opportunity to make several additional remarks for the Record.  I first want to commend both Senator Gorton and Senator Inouye. The debate was indicative of the immense interest in the Missouri and all of the States that competed for the honor of displaying this important piece of our history.  While I cannot speak for the other applicants, I know of the care, the time, and the commitment demonstrated by the Bremerton, WA, community in preparing its proposal to the Navy. Bremerton, Kitsap County and Washington State have developed a kinship with the ``Mighty Mo.'' It is because of this kinship with the battleship, and our 40-year record of paying tribute to the Missouri each and every day, that I continue to believe that Bremerton is the ideal home for the Missouri.  Last August, the Secretary of the Navy announced the decision to award the Missouri to Honolulu, HI. Following the Navy's decision, significant questions were raised regarding the Navy's process in awarding the battleship. It is those questions, including a General Accounting Office report, that brings me here today to seek the Senate's support for our amendment to reopen the Missouri donee selection process.  I want to reiterate what our amendment seeks to accomplish. We simply seek only the Senate's support to instruct the Navy to conduct a new donee selection process. We do not seek to influence or prejudge that selection process. We only want a fair competition administered by the Navy in a manner worthy of this great battleship.  I recognize that the Navy is under no obligation to conduct a competition for important relics like the Missouri, but the fact is the Navy did conduct a competition for the Missouri. Having conducted this competition, I think it is only fair to the competing communities to expect the Navy to conduct itself in an aboveboard and a forthright manner.  Clearly, significant mistakes were made by the Navy in the Missouri competition. The GAO report clearly identifies the Navy's numerous shortcomings in this competition. Proponents and opponents can and do differ over whether the Navy's handling of the competition influenced the outcome. But I find it very difficult to conclude that all communities were treated fairly by the Navy. And that is what we are asking for today. It really is just a simple matter of fairness for all of the competing communities.  I urge my colleagues to support the Gorton-Murray-Feinstein amendment.  I yield the floor.  