 President, I rise today to support the amendment offered by my colleague, Senator Moseley-Braun. I want to thank her for her tireless efforts to educate the Senate and the American people about the tremendous problems in our nation's school facilities.  People talk about the role of the Federal Government in local school policy. By championing this issue, Senator Moseley-Braun has pointed out quite accurately that the Federal Government does have a role in K-12 education in this country. That role is not in passing down curriculum or trying to tell teachers how to teach. The role is guaranteeing certain minimum standards for health, safety, and quality--and that is what this proposal is all about.  There are schools in our Nation that are rundown, have falling plaster or open holes in floors or ceilings, schools with water leaks or no air-conditioning in hot climates. There are schools, like Lewis and Clark High School in Spokane, WA, an 85-year-old urban high school, that are badly in need of improvements. There are school districts in places like the small town of Raymond, WA, which the General Accounting Office has previously identified as needing help with school construction funding--which cannot renovate all their schools due to local economic factors. This amendment could have as much as a $40 million cumulative impact on my State.  This amendment is absolutely critical to the students, parents, and families in our country who think education is of primary national priority. How can we say that we truly care about public education, when our school rooms smell of mildew, or are far too cold or hot or crowded? How can we say that we care about students learning that all Americans are equal under law, if their track meet across town is at a much nicer school?  Senator Moseley-Braun showed a cartoon on the Senate floor, in which students were using computers to look at other student's much nicer school buildings. This problem is symbolic. Students in this country deserve decent places to learn. We must make sure that the Moseley-Braun school construction amendment is included in this budget.  