 President.  Mr. President, I filed two amendments to this bill, the intent of which were aimed at what I believe is a serious problem with national uniformity. And that is the issue of poison control labeling to prevent unintentional exposure to dangerous over-the-counter drugs and cosmetics by children.  During markup of this bill, national uniformity for labeling of over-the-counter drugs and cosmetics was adopted as an amendment. At the time, I raised concerns that I have about the State of Washington's successful Mr. Yuk campaign which simply teaches children and parents about the dangers of many common household products. I was concerned at the time that this program, which I have personal experience with and know how successful it is, would be in jeopardy.  This is a Mr. Yuk sticker. It is a small green sticker that parents and teachers can put onto products--toxic household products. And kids across my State are taught if they see a Mr. Yuk sticker they don't swallow what is inside of it.  I was concerned that national uniformity would harm my State's ability to continue this very important program. I raised this point during markup, and I was assured that the objective of the amendment on national uniformity was not to impede a State's ability to protect their children.  Since the markup, I have become even more concerned about poison control labeling. I am well aware of the fact that Mr. Yuk is voluntary, and there is no State mandate involved. However, this is where I became concerned. Under the uniformity language that is contained in this bill, a State can petition the Secretary for a mandated labeling requirement on OTC's and cosmetics if they meet certain public health and safety standards, and if--and only if--the labeling requirement does not unduly burden interstate commerce. This standard is extremely high and the only way for a State to meet the threshold is for the Secretary to make the requirement a national requirement.  What does this mean for Mr. Yuk? If New York, based on a local health concern files a petition with the Secretary for a symbol, like a skull and cross bones to be placed on mouthwash or hair coloring, and they make a strong and sound case, the Secretary can be convinced. However, in order to comply with the act and not unduly burden interstate commerce, she must make this a national labeling requirement. Now Washington State faces a situation where they have a Mr. Yuk Program and must also teach about the skull and cross bones warning. This would be extremely confusing to young children in my State. I can say that as a former teacher.  Both of my amendments that I put forward attempted to address this issue. My first amendment would add poison control efforts using symbols in the criteria a State can use to petition the Secretary and change the ``and'' to an ``or'' unduly burdening interstate commerce; giving the Secretary the opportunity to continue to allow States to have their own poison control programs if they decide that a voluntary effort has not worked. Only through a mandate requirement will they be able to protect young children. Simply changing the ``and'' to an ``or'' would give the Secretary the needed flexibility, and would at least guarantee that one State requirement would not become a national requirement if it was not applicable to all 50 States.  Mr. President, my amendments have strong opposition by the industry. They simply don't want to have 50 different State legislatures coming forward with 50 different proposals. And I certainly believe there is an argument for preemption in many situations. But I don't believe there is one in this case.  I am really at a loss as to why supporters of the uniformity language in one breath talk about the need to reform and revitalize the FDA to prevent unnecessary delays in approving drugs and devices and then in the next breath talk about how States must petition an already overburdened agency for the approval to do what they have been doing for years without any public threat of consumer confusion problems.  It is interesting to note that the managers' amendment does exempt one State from uniformity. Our State is going to be treated differently. One State, the State of California, will be allowed to bypass the petition process and have different health and safety labeling cosmetics.  Because of the strong opposition to my original amendment and the well-financed national campaign to defeat my amendment, I have revised my language. The new amendment which I am offering today will at least acknowledge the importance of protecting health and safety of children, and will require the FDA to act on a State's petition within 120 days. The new amendment does not address all of my concerns. But because there has been a strong lobby and I am only one Senator that seems to be concerned about poison control, I recognize that my original amendment does not have thevotes. But I cannot allow these uniformity provisions to go to conference without some recognition of the health and safety of children.  So I thank the chairman for working with me. I am pleased that he has recognized my efforts and has supported the pending underlying amendment which has already been agreed to.  I thank the Chair. I yield my time.  