 President, I am pleased to join with my colleague from Missouri in offering this amendment. I have been extremely concerned about the impact of a $14 billion reduction in the disproportionate share hospital payments.  The Bond/Murray amendment sends a strong message to the authorizers that the health care needs of low-income pregnant women and children remain a priority in developing any DSH reform legislation. I am not opposed to reforming the program to ensure that payments are being targeted to those most in need, but we cannot allow reform efforts to threaten the delivery of care to our most vulnerable populations.  Massive changes in DSH implemented in order to be a deficit reduction target could jeopardize the ability of many hospitals, especially children's hospitals to serve low-income children, pregnant women, and the disabled. For many hospitals, DSH payments are the difference between solvency and bankruptcy.  As we all know, few States would be in a position to off set the loss of Federal DSH payments. Meaning that hospitals would have little choice but to eliminate or reduce services for the most vulnerable in our society. Without the flexibility of DSH, States cannot hope to expand Medicaid coverage for uninsured children or pregnant women. In addition, any efforts to expand Medicaid for HIV positive individuals in order to prevent the onset of full blown AIDS, could be impossible.  I am hopeful that the authorizers will carefully craft a reform proposal drive by policy, not just numbers. DSH is too important to allow simple numbers to be the guiding influence.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to send an important message that DSH reform should not result in the loss of health care coverage for children, the disabled and low income pregnant women. We need to use extreme caution to prevent any further eroding of health security for these vulnerable populations.  I thank Senator Bond for his efforts in bringing this amendment to the floor and I look forward to working with the authorizing committee in developing a fair and equitable DSH reform legislation.  Mr. DeWine. Mr. President, I rise in strong support of Senator Bond's resolution, the sense of the Senate regarding the protection of children's health. While I believe that our children will be best served by a balanced budget, we also must ensure that this agreement sends a strong message that we must preserve the access of low-income children to quality health care.  May children's hospitals are designated as disproportionate share hospitals or DSH hospitals because they serve a disproportionate share of low-income children. DSH payments make a vital difference in the ability of hospitals to serve this population. They are a critical part of the health care safety net for vulnerable children.  For example, two of the largest children's hospitals in Ohio have informed me that approximately 40 percent of the children they serve are covered by Medicaid. Without the additional DSH payments, the ability of these hospitals to serve low-income children would be seriously impaired.  DSH payments are even more important to independent children's teaching hospitals that do not receive Medicare support for graduate medical education, known as DSH dollars. In fact, I'm working on a letter to the Finance Committee about this GME inequity now.  But my point here is that if DSH funds are cut from children's hospitals--that already are not receiving dsh funds--then these hospitals willfind it very difficult to provide quality care for poor children. Although we must balance the Federal budget, we also want this balanced budget to make children's health and well-being a top priority.  Senator Bond's resolution is consistent with that message. It recognizes how important a balanced budget is, and it recognizes that some changes in DSH payments may well be necessary. But, it also recognizes how important--within such a budget--DSH is to children's health. I strongly support the Bond resolution.  