 President, I want to thank my colleagues, Senator Stevens, Senator Byrd, Senator Gregg, Senator Hollings, and Senator Gorton for their assistance and support in addressing this critical program for salmon fishers in the Pacific Northwest. This amendment continues to provide disaster relief for salmon fishers through a salmon fishing permit buy-back program. This buy-back program has proven to be a tremendously effective way to help fishers and fish.  Over the last few years, the State of Washington has implemented a salmon fishing permit buy-back program to address the substantial reduction in salmon harvest opportunities that have confronted salmon fishers in recent years. In 1994, when stocks crashed as a result of poor ocean conditions and other factors, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, in response to the requests of the Governors of Washington, Oregon, and California, declared a fishery resource disaster and provided funding to implement relief programs. Funding for these programs was continued in 1995.  The three programs implemented were a habitat jobs program, a data collection jobs program, and a salmon fishing permit buy-back program in Washington State. These programs provided desperately needed relief to fishers devastated by the collapse of fishing opportunities. While the jobs programs continue, the buy-back program, after two-rounds of buy-backs, has run out of funding. However, the fishery resource disaster continues. Poor ocean conditions and habitat losses have hammered these salmon stocks. The recent floods in the Pacific Northwest have compounded these problems by washing out natural spawning beds, cutting off pristine stream stretches with landslides, and destroying hatchery brood stocks.  With the shortest and most severely restricted salmon fishing seasons ever proposed for this summer, this buy-back program is needed more than ever. While the previous buy-backs have only addressed the Columbia River and Coastal Washington fisheries, this program must be expanded to include Puget Sound fisheries as well. Whatcom and Skagit County have declared fishery resource disasters as a result of last year's harvest. The gillnetters, reef netters, and purse seiners of the Sound need relief as well as the gillnetters and trollers on the Columbia and the coast.  The $7 million for buy-back included in this amendment will provide much needed assistance to the fishing communities of Washington State. The buy-back program will provide financial help to those who chose to be bought out, reduce competition for those who stay in, and help fish by reducing pressure on dwindling fish stocks. I appreciate the support of my colleagues.  