 President, I rise today to strongly support the legislation before the Senate, along with the chairman, Senator Burns, who has done an outstanding job of putting this legislation together. I hope the Senate does disapprove the cancellation of projects which the President made under his line-item veto authority. I do not think it was appropriate to exercise that authority in the case of our bill. The subcommittee worked very hard and successfully to review the many requests that came before us for projects that were not included in the President's budget. We worked very hard to include only those which met very stringent criteria. In all cases, that included the criteria that the project be executable in fiscal year 1998. That is, that contracts could be awarded for construction.  It is puzzling to me why the administration concluded that some 38 projects were not executable. That conclusion is wrong. The Pentagon's own paperwork, provided to the subcommittee for each of the proposed projects, plainly states virtually every project we included was capable of execution in fiscal year 1998.  The subcommittee added substantial sums for new health facilities, quality of life improvements such as the housing area, and for the National Guard and the Reserves. Despite these additions, the final product was frugal, and represented a 6-percent reduction below last year's milcon spending level.  Mr. President, the chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, Senators Stevens and Byrd, have rejected the vetoed items as an inappropriate overreaching of authority on the part of the administration. I am gratified that the committee is standing up for the subcommittee's work. It is a substantially better product than the budget submitted by the President, and that is our job. The administration has no exclusive corner on wisdom in making its selection of projects.  In fact, the administration has admitted making serious errors in the handling of this matter. I would have thought that the administration would have been far more careful and selective in exercising its new line-item authority, but the reverse was the case. The exercise of power here was sloppy, and rushed--and resulted, as OMB Director Raines wrote to the committee on October 23, in inaccuracies. The administration has taken to writing to individual Senators to indicate it would help restore those projects wrongly vetoed, and put them back in the budget at the earliest opportunity. That tactic makes the situation, if anything, even more confused, since it appears the administration is revising its evaluation of the mix of projects based on new information or criteria and there has certainly been no meeting of the minds on such new acceptable criteria with the committee.  Mr. President, I would suggest that Senators look at this disapproval resolution in the narrow framework in which it is written. Senators need not address this position on the constitutionality or wisdom of the line-item veto legislation itself to vote for this resolution. A vote for this resolution is a vote against back-of-the-hand capriciousness, apparently in a hurried manner, after the subcommittee, full committee, and both Houses labored over a period of several months to scrub the budget and add only those projects which are deemed worthy.  I hope this measure will receive the strong support of the full Senate, as it did when the conference report was first presented, and that it will be presented to the President before we conclude the first session of this Congress.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  