 President, this is a good day for regular people. Today, we are putting our differences aside, making smart compromises, and getting the peoples' work done. After 3 years of strife, partisanship, and government shutdowns, I am glad to see that this Congress is finally coming together for the good of the people.  As I listen to the debate on the historic balanced budget reconciliation bill, I can't help but remember the first budget that I helped draft as a new Member of the Budget Committee, the 1993 Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act. It was a 5-year deficit reduction plan that reduced the deficit from nearly $300 billion in 1993 to about $60 billion for 1997.  The 1993 plan had deep spending reductions and ambitious goals for reducing the deficit. But it also contained important new investments in our economy, our work force, and our children. That plan passed without one vote from the other side, which I think is unfortunate. I stood on the floor of the Senate and listened to speech after speech from my colleagues on the other side claiming the plan would force the economy into recession and explode the deficit.  I am proud to stand here today and say that the exact opposite happened. Our economy is strong and growing at a steady rate, and the deficit has declined each year since. Balancing the budget is no longer an insurmountable goal. The 1993 plan brought us within reach. A lot of Members had the courage to make the tough calls back then. Some of them are no longer here in the Senate. But the state of the Nation today--the low deficit and the booming economy--has vindicated the 1993 plan.  The Balanced Budget Reconciliation Act before us today finishes the job. We will balance the budget by 2002; we have protected the solvency of the Medicare Program without draconian cuts; we have expanded our investment in education; and we have created a new children's health insurance program to cover an additional 5 million children who have no health security; and we have provided moderate tax relief. This is a balanced and fair plan.  The real winners today are our working families; senior citizens; and our children. Not only do they benefit from the largest investment in education since 1965; the largest investment in children's health since 1965; and the fiscal soundness of the Medicare Program, but we all win when we reduce the deficit and balance the budget. We are already seeing the fiscal and economic dividends from reducing the deficit, and this will only continue.  Let me say now I was deeply concerned when this legislation originally passed the Senate. So concerned, in fact, that I had to vote no on the Senate bill. The changes in the Medicare Program that were included would have seriously altered the program and threatened the health care security for millions of senior citizens.  Immediately following that vote, I began working to ensure that these changes were removed from the final conference agreement. I could not and would not support anything that would result in more individuals being un-insured. Increasing the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 67 would have only added to the 47 million Americans with no health insurance. The means testing of the part B premium was not just an administrative nightmare, but a short-term solution that would have only forced higher premiums on all seniors regardless of income. The $5 copayment for home health care would have fallen disproportionately on low-income women. Well over two-thirds of women over 65 earn less than $13,000 a year. A $5 copayment for each home health care visit could have added hundreds of dollars a year to the cost of health care for millions of low-income senior citizens.  I could not have supported the final agreement if these provisions had remained. Because I was committed to a balanced budget, I knew I had to work hard to ensure that these provisions were dropped. I spoke with the White House, with the conferees, and with many of my colleagues and constituents about this, and I am pleased our hard work paid off. The final agreement slows the growth of Medicare without forcing more seniors into poverty and does not jeopardize the level of care that we have guaranteed to our senior citizens.  I know many families in Washington State who are struggling to pay for college or who are worried about the financial burden of a college education for their child. Included in today's agreement are real tax incentives to help families invest in their child's education and to provide relief to today's students who are struggling under a huge burden of debt. As I said earlier, families are the winners today. This agreement will help those families who are struggling to help their child and will keep a college education within reach.  In 1993, I worked with many of my colleagues in Congress and with the Clinton administration in an effort to enact comprehensive health care reform that would guarantee health care coverage for all Americans. Lack of affordable, quality health insurance coverage was and still is a major problem for many individuals. Unfortunately, our plan was too ambitious and the American people told us that they wanted smaller, targeted reforms. In 1996 we enacted the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Kennedy/Kassebaum, which expands health care access for workers between jobs and provides protections for those with pre-existing conditions. This legislation was an important step in improving health care access for all Americans.  Today's agreement takes another big step by providing $24 billion to improve access to health insurance for the 10\1/2\ million children who lack any direct access to quality, comprehensive health care. This new health insurance program that will improve the quality of life for millions of children and families, is the real crown jewel of this agreement.  I have spent a great deal of time and energy pushing for expanded health care coverage for children. I have always considered this to be one of my top priorities and feel some relief today knowing that we have succeeded. In Washington State, we made a similar commitment to our children back in 1993, today's agreement will give us the opportunity to build on this commitment and reach out to more children.  While I feel a great sense of accomplishment today, there is one group of individuals who will not be celebrating. Despite the fact that my family violence option clarification amendment was adopted on three separate occasions, the budget conferees chose to once again try and sweep domestic violence under the rug. Victims of domestic violence were forgotten in this agreement. My amendment, adopted three times by the U.S. Senate, would have given States the ability to waive victims of domestic violence from the work requirements and time limitations called for in the new welfare reform law. It was not a secret way to allow women to stay on welfare, as many claim, but rather a way to protect victims of domestic violence and help them get out of poverty. There is no good reason--no excuse whatsoever--why this provision should have been taken out of the agreement. This is perhaps the greatest disappointment for me in this whole process.  I am committed to moving this amendment again and again until my colleagues understand how violence and abuse can be life threatening barriers to work. I will keep making my colleagues vote on this amendmentuntil we have succeeded. Those who oppose this amendment need to understand that when they vote ``no'' they will be voting against victims of domestic violence and abuse.  Looking back over the past 4 years, I am amazed at the progress we have made on reducing the deficit and yet I know that it was not an easy task. I always believed we could balance the budget and still maintain important investment programs, but it does take a great deal of work and many, many tough decisions. As a member of the Senate Budget Committee I have had to make those decisions and choices. But, I always knew that it could be done. Today's agreement is my proof.  