 President, I am pleased to strongly support and recommend to the Senate this military construction appropriations conference report. The final amount, $9.18 billion, is slightly below the Senate-passed amount, and is about $800 million above the budget request. Nevertheless, it is a frugal bill, some $600 million, or 6 percent below last year's appropriated amount.  We have added $800 million to the bill to correct what the subcommittee perceived to be serious shortfalls in quality-of-life initiatives particularly housing and also including child care centers and medical facilities, as well as what has been the annual shortchanging of our guard and reserve forces. In particular, the budget request was for approximately $172 million for our guard and reserve forces, and the conference result was about $460 million, some $290 million over the request. I would point out that the Senate conferees reduced the Senate-passed figure for our guard and reserve forces by over $100 million in order to reach an acceptable compromise with the House.  In the housing area, the conferees added some $210 million over the requested amount, for a total of $3.9 billion, or 42 percent of the total bill. Even so, the committee ended up approximately $250 million below last year's appropriated amount.  Furthermore, the committee worked to satisfy the request of Senators on both sides of the aisle for worthy projects that were not included in the request, and I believe we ended up with a very balanced recommendation.  I do hope that the President will support the bill as passed, and not disturb the balance that we carefully constructed to satisfy the needs of our Nation from coast to coast.  Mr. President, I would point out to my colleagues that the conference report protected all the design, minor construction, and reporting initiatives that we included in the Senate report, so my colleagues may be assured that those initiatives which were included in the Senate report have been preserved.  Fully 23 percent of the bill is for the base realignment and closure accounts, and we have included $153 million for NATO initiatives. I would point out, however, that the Senate report includes a requirement for a report on future costs of NATO expansion, as well as a burden-sharing report regarding our initiatives in Southwest Asia. The committee expects these requirements to be taken seriously and to have a full report from the Department of Defense on these matters.  I am particularly pleased that the conference was able to retain the funding that we included in the Senate-passed bill for new quality-of-life initiatives in Washington, in particular a new library/education center at Fairchild Air Force Base, a barracks replacement at Fort Lewis, health clinics at Fort Lewis and Everett Naval Station, an expansion of an important dining facility and a new child development center at Bremerton Naval Shipyard, and housing at Whidbey Island Naval Air Station.  I thank the distinguished Senator from Montana, Senator Burns, for the excellent cooperation that he has extended to me throughout this process. I want to thank him for all of his courtesies and for the congenial and cooperative way that his staff, particularly Ms. Ashworth, has extended to all of us. We have enjoyed working with them and all their staff. And I thank Dick D'Amato, from my staff, and Ben McMakin for a job well done.  I commend this product to the Senate and to the President. I yield the floor.  