 President, as a country we have congratulated ourselves time and time again on our enormous victory in winning the cold war. But today I want to remind my colleagues that the cold war was won at a cost, a very steep cost, and one of the biggest debts owed remains unpaid: the environmental devastation created at places like Hanford Nuclear Reservation in south-central Washington State.  Later today, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Subcommittee will mark up its fiscal year 1998 appropriations bill. We will have a lot of work to do to make up the shortfalls found in both the Senate Armed Services defense authorization bill and the House national defense authorization bill. Rather than funding the cleanup bills, the authorizing committees have taken nearly $1 billion--billion--from the defense environmentalmanagement accounts of the Department of Energy and moved them into procurement and other Department of Defense accounts.  Let me tell you the effect this move will have on one place in my State. Probably the single biggest environmental problem on any of our former defense nuclear weapons sites is the 177 storage tanks filled with chemical and high-level radioactive waste at Hanford. Each of these tanks contains from a half million to a million gallons of toxic waste. Some of that waste is rock solid, some of it is soupy sludge, some of it is liquid, and some is poisonous gas. Several tanks have ``burped'' their noxious gases.  We have only recently begun making real progress in learning what chemicals and radioactive waste were put into these tanks and what substances have now been created through indiscriminate mixing of wastes.  The most troubling aspect of these tanks is that they are leaking, moving these vile substances into ground water and toward the Columbia River.  Let me say it again. These tanks are leaking, and they are located next to one of this Nation's greatest rivers. They are upstream from Richland, Kennewick, Pasco, Portland, and many smaller communities in Washington and Oregon. And their toxic waste is slowly migrating toward the Columbia River, which many view as the lifeblood of the Pacific Northwest because it provides fish, irrigation, power generation, recreation, and much more.  In this year's budget, the Department of Energy requested $427 million in budget authority to continue a privatization initiative, called the tank waste remediation system, and another $500 million plus for other environmental management privatization efforts. My colleague in the Washington delegation, Representative Adam Smith, was successful in getting the House National Security Committee to place $70 million in the defense authorization bill for tank waste, nearly $350 million short of the budget request, but the House gave no other sites any funds. Our Senate Armed Services Committee bill provides $215 million for four privatization projects, including $109 million targeted to tank waste. This is simply not adequate.  Yesterday, I submitted an amendment to the Department of Defense authorization bill that would increase these privatization accounts by about $250 million. Most of that money goes toward solving the tank waste problem which almost everyone familiar with this issue agrees must be our top priority, but money is also added at Savannah River, Oak Ridge, Idaho Falls, and Fernald.  In addition, my amendment would facilitate the riskiest part of this privatization venture by helping to ensure DOE is able to meet its time lines for delivery of this toxic waste to a private company for vitrification or immobilization. I added $50 million for this initial stage of characterization and remediation of the tank waste. The offsets come from noncleanup programs and another privatization effort within the Departments of Energy and Defense.  Mr. President, I am talking about deadly risks to human health and the environment, and so far, this Congress is choosing to ignore them. Simply wishing that these enormously costly projects will go away will not make them disappear. It will only make them worse and more costly to clean up later.  The Department of Energy has proposed an innovative method of solving these problems by privatizing them and letting some of the best, most established companies in the world use their expertise to clean up these sites. In order for industry to succeed, this Congress must demonstrate its commitment to the privatization program by funding it. Going from a Presidential request of $1 billion to $70 million in the House and $215 million in the Senate will not give the capital markets or private industry the confidence they need to make this work.  We need more money for the tank waste remediation system and other cleanup priorities. Let me remind my colleagues that even if my amendment prevails, this authorization bill will still contain about $500 million less than was agreed upon by the President and Congress in the recent historic budget agreement. The President finds this funding shortfall so serious that he has issued veto threats on both defense authorization bills, citing this as one of his primary concerns.  I urge my colleagues to stand with me as we work to get our former defense nuclear weapons sites restored or at least stop them from causing further harm to our rivers, our air and our land. We cannot turn our backs on the nearby communities that have sacrificed so much for this Nation in the past. Let's make our victory of the cold war complete by leaving our children and our grandchildren a safe, healthy environment, not a contaminated wasteland that sites, like Hanford, will become without sufficient Federal cleanup dollars.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Inhofe). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  