 President.  I have come this morning to join my colleagues in talking about the issue of tax fairness that this Congress is now working toward in the conference committee between the Senate and House, working with the White House, to move us toward the final parts of the budget reconciliation and tax package.  First of all, I want to say it is really incredible to me that I stand here today in the summer of 1997 talking about a tax cut. When I came to the Senate, back in 1992, I came at a time when we had a $300 billion deficit. And I remember campaigning back in that year, when Ross Perot was running around the country showing us his charts of the exploding deficit, and for all of us who were elected in that year and since that time our No. 1 goal has been to come here to balance the budget.  As one of those people who came here in 1992, with a $300 billion deficit, I have continually told my constituents, the families that I represent, the people that I work for, that my No. 1 goal here is to get to a balanced budget, and that although I agree that tax cuts are a good thing to have, that we need to do it in a rational way and we should not do it until we get to a balanced budget.  I remember back in 1993, when we passed our first budget here, it was a budget that we all remember well, that passed by one vote here in the Senate, that began us on the road today to where we are now in the summer of 1997 able to talk about a tax cut because we made a tough decision 4 years ago to work us toward that balanced budget.  We now have a deficit that is less than $70 billion. And in fact, some predict that without Congress doing anything, we will be at a balanced budget within a year because of the tough votes that we have taken over the last 5 years. Because of the Members herewho were willing to say no to many of the special interests who came to us and wanted more and more, we were able to say no. And we have worked very, very hard to get ourselves to this point.  Having said that, I am a member of the Budget Committee. I have worked very hard since the beginning of this year to put together the budget reconciliation package, to work with my fellow members on the Budget Committee, to work with the White House, to work through the conference, to get to the point of having a balanced budget to present to this country.  As part of that agreement, we do have a tax cut package. Because I have worked hard on that, because I am committed to the reconciliation package that the Budget Committee agreed to, I did vote for the tax cut package that came out of the Senate.  That tax cut is now being debated by the conference committee again between the Senate and the House and the President, the White House, and I think the most important thing we can do at this point as we work to the final negotiation of this package is make sure we do the right thing for this country.  When I fly home to my State of Washington 2,500 miles away from here, every weekend I spend time attending town hall meetings, going around to small communities in my State. Where I get the best input is when I go to the grocery store on Sunday afternoons with my family and people walk up to me and talk to me about what they are hearing about what is happening in Congress. Time and time again I have young people coming to me--a young teacher this past Sunday, a policeman, a young family--and their question is the same as every other American: What am I going to get out of the tax cut? What will I get? I hear the Members of this Senate and this body asking the same question as well: What am I going to get out of this tax cut?  I think the important question is not what am I going to get out of this tax cut, but what will this tax cut do to strengthen the America that we all worked so hard here for, and what can we do so that 10, 15, 20 years from now we are not having another Ross Perot run around the country with charts and graphs showing a deficit that is out of control.  As I talk to my constituents around my State, what I hear most often is that if we invest in our young people, invest in our children, we will do the right thing for the country's future. When I look at this tax package, those are the questions I ask. Are we doing the right thing so that young children, as they grow up and get out and start their own families, have the money they need to make sure that their children get a good education, that they have access to health care, that they are able to send their children to college. That is how we are going to make our country strong.  So when I look at this tax package that we are now debating, I see that the President's tax package will actually do the most for those young families, for that young teacher, for that young policeman, for that young law clerk, for that family that is just starting out, for those families who are earning less than $30,000 or $40,000 a year. That is why I believe so strongly that the refundable tax credit has to be part of this package.  I see my colleague on the floor, Senator Landrieu, who is new here, from Louisiana, who has worked very hard to ensure that the tax cut is refundable. Yet, I hear this being debated, I hear it characterized as the people who are on earned income tax credit, those who are earning less than $25,000 or $30,000 a year, if we give them a tax credit, it is giving tax credits to people who are on welfare. Nothing could be further from the truth. These are working families. They go to work every day. They are struggling to make ends meet. They are paying for day care. They are working to make sure they have nutritious food on the table. They are trying to save a few dollars for their children to go on to higher education so they can contribute to our economy. Those are the people we need to help. Those are the people that the President's tax cut really goes to, and that is what we have an obligation as a Senate and a Congress today to make sure that we take care of in the future.  We will do the wrong thing if we pass a tax cut that merely inflates the income of those at the top, that gives away tax dollars to people who are already able to send their children to college, who are already able to take vacations in exotic places, who are already able to ensure that their family has a good home and a safe neighborhood to live in. We will do the right thing if we make sure that the tax cuts we pass help those young families who are struggling today, because if we lift them up and make sure that their children are healthy and well-educated and secure and that they have a good quality of life, then this country will be stronger in the future.  I urge my colleagues to step back from this big debate about who is going to benefit and how the tax package will be put together, and say, what do I want this country to look like 10, 15, 20 years from now? Do I want to see it strong? Do I want to see a lot of young people with hope in their eyes who know they will be able to go to college? Do I want to see young families who are saying, I can save enough to buy a home and feel secure? Do I want to see a country where children have the nutrition that they need, that have the health care that they need? If that is the country we want, we will ensure that we move toward the President's tax cut, that we have a refundable tax credit in here, that we put our tax cuts where they will make the most difference.  That is why I support the President's tax cut plan and urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor.  