 President, I rise today to the pending constitutional amendment. The authors of the amendment have called it the balanced budget amendment. However, our vote today is not about balancing the budget, but rather about jeopardizing the future economic stability of the United States and eliminating the carefully crafted constitutional balance of powers. The amendment simply requires the President to submit a balanced budget; it does not mandate that Congress enact a balanced budget and it establishes no guidelines on enacting a balanced budget. This is not only the most dangerous budget gimmick put before this body, but it sets a dangerous precedent for addressing important issues facing us today and in the future.  What the supporters of this amendment fail to point out is that we do not need to amend the U.S. Constitution to balance the budget. The President recently submitted to Congress a budget plan that does balance by the year 2002 and still protects our most vulnerable citizens; children, the disabled, and senior citizens. The President's proposal also continues our investment in education, environmental protection, biomedical research, and criminal justice. Instead of working on this proposal and enacting a budget for fiscal year 1998, we have spent almost a month debating an empty promise. Congress has a statutory requirement to pass a budget resolution by April 15, yet neither body has begun this process. We have spent valuable time debating an amendment that will not get us any closer to a balanced budget. I support a balanced budget; I have supported a balanced budget. What I cannot support is the misuse of the Constitution. The Constitution should only be used to expand rights and protections for citizens excluded from the original document. Our Constitution should not be used to limit the rights of our citizens or the obligations of the Federal Government.  When I first came to Congress in 1993, the deficit was close to $300 billion. I made a decision to try and secure a position on the Senate Budget Committee because I realized the most important thing I could do for the families in Washington State was to reduce the deficit. I worked with my colleagues in 1993 and passed a successful deficit reduction package. The deficit reduction proposal enacted in 1993, without one Republican vote, has cut the deficit in half. For 4 straight years in a row the deficit has declined. We reversed the trends of the 1980's and restored fiscal restraint to the Federal budget process. Enacting this landmark deficit reduction package, required tough and difficult choices. But, that is why my constituents sent me to the U.S. Senate. I am willing to make those difficult choices as long as they are fair and balanced. A constitutional amendment to balance the budget does not force us to make those tough choices. Keep in mind that this amendment does not go into effect until the States adopt it. The States will have 7 years to ratify. Seven years is a long time when you are trying to balance the budget. I supported a revision to the amendment that would have shortened from 7 to 3 years that time allowed for the States to ratify. Unfortunately, this change was rejected. We should not wait even 3 years; we should start now.  There is no one in this Chamber who will deny that our Constitution has served us well. It established the longest continuous democratic government in the world. This document and the Bill of Rights are the envy of the world. Within this document our Founding Fathers spelled out the role of each branch of government. The responsibilities of the legislative, judicial, and executive branches were all clearly spelled out and a system of checks and balances was added so as to ensure that no one branch unduly influenced the other. One of the most important responsibilities entrusted to the legislative branch was the power to tax and spend. Our Founding Fathers felt very strongly that elected representatives of the people must be responsible for deciding on spending and taxes. As a member of both the Senate Budget Committee and Appropriations Committee, I do not take this responsibility lightly. But, a vote in support of this amendment will forever alter the role of Congress and the courts in deciding on spending priorities for the Federal Government. For the first time in history, the courts could decide how we spend tax dollars and how we raise tax dollars. A group of nine unelected officials could establish budget policy that conflicts with the wishes of the people solely because they believe that receipts will not cover outlays. Every time the Federal Government wishes to spend for Social Security or for a natural disaster, the courts could simplysay that this obligation would push spending beyond receipts.  One need only look at the current difference between the Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget. OMB has estimated that the President's budget gets to balance by the year 2002. However, CBO disputes the estimates on revenues and economic growth used by OMB. Who decides? The courts? Who decides what will be cut or what taxes raised to bring the budget into balance if Congress and the White House fail to agree? Judicial oversight of the Federal budget process violates the clear role of Congress and puts greater powers into the hands of unelected, life-time appointed Justices on the Supreme Court.  In an effort to clarify any questions about the role of the courts, Senator Kennedy offered an amendment that would prohibit judicial control of the budget process. This amendment was defeated and rejected by the supporters of the constitutional amendment who claimed it was not necessary. Yet many legal and constitutional scholars have made it clear that the way the current amendment is written will allow for court challenges to Federal budget policy and decisions.  In 1983, Congress enacted several measures aimed at protecting the long term financial stability of the Social Security trust fund. The intent of these measures was to build a large surplus and reserve in the trust fund that could be drawn down when the baby boomers started to retire. The 1983 legislation included tax increases, benefit reductions, and other structural reforms, all with the goal of protecting the system. Those who supported the 1983 legislation did so to protect the greater good, namely Social Security benefits for millions of current and future retirees. As a result, it is estimated that Social Security will not need to draw on these reserves until the year 2019. But, at that point, total spending will outpace receipts into the system. Under the current language in the amendment, we could not pay benefits using the surplus that we have intentionally allowed to accumulate. Regardless of any effort to maintain a surplus over the years, benefits would be in jeopardy, unless we raise payroll taxes or drastically cut spending in other areas, like Medicare, Medicaid, or education.  This is not just my opinion. Recently a report from the nonpartisan American Law Division of the Congressional Research Service determined that we would be prohibited from drawing down the surplus in the trust fund in order to pay benefits unless there was a surplus in the remaining portion of the budget. Maintaining a large enough surplus in the remaining portion of the Federal budget would require significant reductions in many other important programs like Medicare, defense, education, environmental protection, and law enforcement. Passage of this amendment violates the current contract with today's workers that if you pay into the system now, Social Security will be there when you retire. There were several attempts to correct this flaw and exclude Social Security from the balanced budget amendment, but all attempts failed as the supporters of the amendment claimed that we did not need to protect Social Security.  I have heard that voting for this amendment is the courageous vote. Nothing could be further from the truth. The courageous vote is the vote in support of a plan that actually reduces the deficit and puts us on a real path to balancing the budget by the year 2002. Today's vote is about political rhetoric, not reality. I hope that the political rhetoric is over and that we can begin the real task of balancing the budget.  