  I rise in support today of the pending Gorton-Murray amendment. I think, as we are all aware, President Clinton recently signed into law legislation that really calls for the largest expansion of children's health care since the creation of Medicaid in 1965. I worked very hard on this initiative with my colleagues, Senator Kennedy and Senator Rockefeller. I was really thrilled to be a part of this historic effort to provide real health care security to the most precious and vulnerable children in our Nation. I think that is an accomplishment of which we can all bevery proud, and it will not only provide health care security for our children but economic security and peace of mind for millions of hard-working parents as well.  I know the benefits of expanding health care benefits for children because my home State of Washington took a similar step back in 1994. The State took the lead because it was concerned about the future of its children and it was expecting us to enact a comprehensive national health security act for Americans at that time. The State of Washington wanted to be sure that our children were the first priority in any health care security efforts, and I applauded the action by the State and am pleased to report that all children through the age of 18 in Washington State who live in families up to 200 percent of the Federal poverty level are covered. The State did not have to take that step and expanded their Medicaid program beyond any Federal mandatory level. As a result of that action, 427,000 children are now guaranteed access to quality, affordable health care. This is a fact that I take a great deal of pride in, and I know that our public health system has benefited.  In the last Congress, when I started working to expand health care insurance for 10 million children, I was assured that any expansion would benefit all States and that those States that had expanded their programs up to 200 percent of poverty would not be treated differently. I had seen the success in my State and seen the benefits of providing comprehensive health care to uninsured children. As a result, I worked hard to fight for nationwide expansion.  During negotiations, I worked with several other Members to ensure that the amount of funding for children's health care was increased. I supported efforts in the Chamber to fund this expansion at $24 billion, providing the greatest amount of resources available that will ensure the greatest number of children are insured.  The final budget reconciliation legislation was a major victory for children and families in this country, but unfortunately my State of Washington will not benefit to the degree I had hoped. My State and others that made the commitment to their children previously and provided coverage up to 200 percent of the Federal poverty level will not be able to access the $24 billion that was provided for in this bill. The State will have to expand their current program by 50 percent in order to access any of those new funds. I am hopeful that the State will act to cover more children, if the resources are available at our State level, but in the immediate future Washington State will not be able to provide additional coverage, meaning that the intent of the legislation to cover more uninsured children will not be met in my State. We have made great strides in covering uninsured children, but we still have over 300,000 children who have no health insurance. We should be making every effort to encourage our States to expand the number of children covered, not discourage them from doing so.  The Gorton amendment would only allow States that have covered children up to 200 percent of the Federal poverty level to access the children's health block grant money to cover children from 133 percent to 200 percent of the poverty level, meaning that States could access these funds for new children that are not currently required to be covered. Again, this would apply only to new children as of October 1, 1997. Any child currently enrolled up to 200 percent would remain in the Medicaid Program. We are simply trying to treat new children in Washington State the same as they will be treated in Idaho or Montana or any other State. A new ensured child is a new ensured child regardless of which State they live in.  I have heard some of the concerns about this amendment and the impact that it could have on States that are currently at 200 percent. Let me assure my colleagues that, unfortunately, there are not many at this level. I have also heard about the substitution effect. Included in this amendment is a requirement that the State must certify that the child has not been insured in the past. We are only talking about an insured child as of October 1 of this year.  Finally, this amendment only applies to those new children that the State made the decision to cover, the optional children. Those below the 133 percent will not be included for any match purposes.  My colleagues should also keep in mind that there is already strong maintenance-of-effort requirements in the act which apply to the States as well. I listened to my colleagues, Senator Kennedy and Senator Rockefeller. I understand their concerns and I want to remind them that we all share the same goal. I hope we can continue to work on this so that the children in my State are treated as equally as other children across the Nation regarding that $24 billion. Our Governor has told us he needs this amendment to look forward to ensuring new children. I hope we can continue to work together to make sure that happens for the children of Washington State as well as the rest of this country.  I yield the remainder of my time to Senator Gorton.  