 President, I rise today to express my deep concern about one provision within the bill before us today. The fiscal year 1998 Treasury-Postal Appropriations Act contains a cost-of-living adjustment--a pay raise--for Members of Congress. This increase represents a major change in policy. It has not been the subject of hearings. It has not been aired in public. The timing and merit are questionable. In light of these concerns, I intend to vote no on the pay raise, and no on the bill.  Each year I have been in the Senate, we have acted to suspend cost-of-living adjustments for Congress. In light of our ongoing efforts to balance the Federal budget and restore people's faith in the process, I think this has been the right course. Simply stated, allowing our own pay to increase sends the wrong signal at a time when the budget is out of balance and real wages are stagnant for many workers.  Like it or not, we in Federal office have a responsibility to set an example, to set the tone for responsible dialog about the Federal budget. Accepting a pay raise at this time undermines any credibility we might have on budget issues.  In July, Congress passed a historic law that will balance the Federal budget. After years of partisan rancor, bickering, disputes, and Government shut-downs, we were able to put aside differences and agree on a compromise that makes sense, and gives the people what they have been asking for.  Now, most of us who worked on this package, and made the tough calls over the past few years understandably want to promote the compromise and take credit for finishing the job. And I think we should. But taking a pay raise on the heels of passing a balanced budget sends the wrong signal. It says to the people, ``we didn't really mean it.''  As a member of the Appropriations Committee, it is very difficult for me to vote against the Treasury-Postal bill. In fact, it is rare that any of us on the committee opposes one of our own bills. In this case, I have to make an exception, even though there are many worthy programs and projects funded in this bill.  I hope my colleagues will hear my reasons and listen to them. As elected leaders, we are held to a different standard. We have a responsibility to set the tone, to earn the respect of our constituents. The public will be watching this vote. To them, it is not about funding the executive branch agencies. Instead, it is about whether we are willing to live up to our own standard of fiscal responsibility in 1997.  