 I have listened very carefully to this bill. I serve in the committee that it went through, the Labor Committee, and we went through the amendments. The Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, has really outlined the true effects of this bill.  Now, I, like everyone, like the stated purpose of this bill. As a mother with a daughter who is in school, working full time, I know the pressures that every single parent faces in this country in trying to manage their job and making sure that they pay the right attention to their young children as well. All of us are in that time crunch where we are trying to figure out how we can do the best job possible for our employer and we can do the best job possible for our children.  Unfortunately, the comptime bill that has been presented to us does not offer that flexibility for families. In fact, it will take that flexibility away. Can you imagine a young mother with two young children who has them in preschool or day care, who is told by her employer on Friday that next week you will work 60 hours? Now, how is she going to go to her day care provider and say, excuse me, I need 20 additional hours for my two young children in preschool next week or in day care. Day care facilities are very controlled in the amount of children they can have and the amount of hours they can have. They do not have flextime to allow additional children just whenever an employer says you need to work 60 hours next week.  It is critical that we look at this bill from the eyes of those who are the receivers, the employees, the people whogo to work every day, the people who are really trying to raise their kids and manage their jobs at the same time. This bill does not give them the flexibility. It will, instead, take that away from them and really cause a lot more family stress than is already needed.  I encourage my colleagues to vote against cloture so we can have the opportunity to offer amendments to this bill to really make it do what the proponents want it to do, and that is to give employees time to participate with their children. I will have an amendment called the ``time for schools'' amendment that we will offer on this bill if we are allowed, if cloture is defeated, so we can really give that flexibility back to families.  I have spent a great deal of time going around my State talking to parents who are working. Inevitably they say to me, ``You know, I could not get to my child's school conference last week, I could not go participate with my young child. I feel guilty about that. But I went to my employer and I could not take time off.'' When you talk to young children today, far too often they say, ``My parent does not care about my education. They did not come to my school conference last week. They did not participate with me. They do not care whether or not I get a good education. They are never here.''  Kids want their parents at school with them for those teacher conferences and those important dates. Mothers and fathers want to be with their kids on those important dates.  My amendment, if I am allowed to offer it, will give employees 24 hours a year. That is 2 hours a month--simply 2 hours a month--of the current family medical leave time; time off to go back and forth to school conferences; to participate with their child in importance activities.  What an incredible message that will give to young children across this country--all of us saying to them that we feel it is so important that parents participate with their children that we are willing to give them time off from their jobs to go participate with those kids.  I want every young person in this country to say, ``My parents care about my education. They came with me to school last week for an hour to talk with the teachers.'' I want that child to say, ``My education is important. I know because my mother was here yesterday. She took off from her job to be here.''  That is what my amendment does. That is what this bill is all about--giving parents the ability to participate with their young children when it is vitally important.  Let's do the right thing with this bill. Let's stop cloture today and move on to a mandatory process that really does what all of us want to do--deal with that time that every parent feels today, and let their children know that as adults we will care for them. Let's pass the time for schools amendment. Let's put some flexibility in the bill that really allows employees the ability to care for their families and do their jobs right, and let's do it right.  So I urge my colleagues to oppose cloture today, and then help us pass amendments that really make this a Family Friendly Workplace Act.  Thank you, Mr. President.  