 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the bipartisan agreement reached by the Senate Finance and Commerce Committees on the reauthorization of the Federal Aviation Administration Airport and Airway Trust Fund. In my view this agreement represents the true meaning of the word ``compromise'' and shows what is possible when we really roll up our sleeves and go to work. I have been working on this bill for 2 years. Reauthorizing the FAA and the Airport and Airway Trust Fund is not only a top national priority, but it is a top priority for my State of Kansas as well. Kansas and aviation have a long history together. Aircraft pioneers such as Lloyd Stearman, who happened to sell his company to Walter Boeing, Walter Beech, Clyde Cessna, E.M. Laird, Amelia Earhart, William Lear, and many others, all have close ties to Kansas. It was a team of Kansans that really created the first commercially produced airplane in the United States. It was called the Laird Swallow. This plane took flight in April of 1920, just 88 years and a few weeks ago. My, how far we have come.  Today, about 40,000 employees in Wichita and the surrounding counties make their living building planes, manufacturing parts, and servicing aviation. The aviation industry directly and indirectly supports over 140,000 jobs in Kansas--140,000 jobs--and will soon contribute roughly $9 billion annually to our State's economy. That is not only significant, that is amazing.  Kansas is home to nearly 3,200 aviation and manufacturing businesses, including Cessna, Hawker-Beechcraft, Bombardier-Learjet, Boeing, Spirit AeroSystems, Garmin, and Honeywell, just to name a few. However, aviation is not simply an economic engine in Kansas, it is part of our history, our way of life, and, most importantly, part of our future. It is an example of our entrepreneurial spirit.  In late October of 2006, at my invitation, newly appointed Department of Transportation Secretary Mary Peters traveled to Kansas to see firsthand what the aviation industry means to our State. Congressman Todd Tiahrt and I joined the Secretary on a tour of Cessna's headquarters and manufacturing facility in Wichita to show the importance of general aviation--general aviation--to the Kansas economy.  Cessna actually traces its roots back to Clyde Cessna who built his first plane in Rago, KS, in 1911.  The Secretary and I then traveled to Olathe, KS, to visit the Kansas City air traffic control center. There we spoke with the controllers and the trainees about their work, listened in as they actually directed traffic through the Kansas City airspace, making it possible for people to fly in safety.  During our visit, the Secretary heard firsthand from industry leaders about the importance of updating our air traffic control system, and that the current tax mechanisms provide the most appropriate avenue to raise the necessary funds to upgrade into what they call NextGen technology--next generation technology.  This key message was delivered to me and the Secretary personally, and I have been delivering that same message to my colleagues since this debate began some time ago. It is no secret that I care passionately about this issue and how general aviation is treated, and to make sure they are treated fairly. With my State's close connection to the history of this industry, obviously, you can see why.  Kansas manufactures--this may be unbelievable to some--Kansas manufactures roughly 70 percent of the world's general aviation aircraft--70 percent.  Throughout this debate, general aviation has been called to increase its contribution to the Airport and Airway Trust Fund to help pay for the modernization of our air traffic control system.  All along the way, general aviation has stepped to the plate and agreed to help pay for the necessary increases to move our aviation infrastructure into next generation technology.  I cannot recall a time when an industry has come to me and said: We want to help. We are willing to support an increase in our taxes to actually do so. But that is exactly what the general aviation community did. Their only request has been that they be able to pay through the current efficient and effective tax structure of the fuel tax. That was their only request.  The agreement finally reached between the Finance and Commerce Committees respects this request and allows general aviation to be part of the modernization solution without creating a new bureaucracy or additional redtape. The agreement would allow AvGas to remain at its current rate, but would increase the Jet A fuel tax from 21.8 cents to 36 cents per gallon on general aviation flights.  Now, this raises an additional $250 million dedicated to updating the air traffic control technology that will increase safety and decrease congestion--something that is in the headlines every day. At the same time, our commercial airlines and passengers are held harmless from tax increases, given the challenges they face today.  I am pleased this agreement recognizes the value of both the commercial aviation and general aviation to our Nation's transportation system. I realize there have been strong feelings on both sides of this debate.  My goals, as we drafted this bill, were very clear: One, ensure that our air traffic control system is updated and remains safe for all passengers and aircraft; and, two, protect the general aviation community and Kansas jobs, which would have been threatened by something called a user fee.  Today, I am pleased to say we have succeeded on both counts. This legislation represents the best of bipartisan compromise in a real effort to make our skies safer. I am proud to be part of this compromise, as are the 40,000 workers employed in Kansas in aviation manufacturing.  Kansas has a long history of being the world's leader in aviation achievements. This agreement guarantees that Kansas and our great general aviation industry will remain leaders in the sky. Kansas is--always has been--and remains the air capital of the world under this agreement. I thank my colleagues for helping us reach an agreement that will maintain our world standing.  Also included in this agreement is a fix to the projected funding deficit in the highway trust fund for 2009. This 1-year patch will keep necessary transportation construction projects on schedule and help our State transportation departments meet their financial obligations.  I am hopeful the Senate will continue to work in the spirit of bipartisanship on the bill so we can quickly move to a conference committee and eventually have a bill signed into law before the current program expires.  We must do this. American travelers and businesses and pilots deserve the predictability and stability that comes with passing this bill.  Mr. President, I yield the floor. I believe Senator Casey wishes to address the Senate. I yield to my colleague.  