President, first impressions are always important. I think many times they are completely false. I was a Member of the House when I first met Ted Stevens. It was at a retreat our party was having, and I sat there wondering what on Earth makes this man tick. Here was the most obstreperous if not outrageous person expressing his opinion, despite any other person who had an objection, who insisted on making his point.  I went away from that meeting and said: That Ted Stevens fellow is one of the most unique people I have ever met. I would just as soon not meet him again. Then I found out that he was running for leadership of the Republican party in this distinguished body against my friend and colleague, mentor, hero, Bob Dole, and came within one vote. There is a story there, but we will not get into that. And so that was the history as I regarded Ted Stevens.  I came to the Senate, had the privilege of being elected to the Senate in 1996. I was standing right over there. All of a sudden there was Ted Stevens standing in front of me. That was sort of a frightening experience for a new Senator. But he came up and he jabbed his finger on my chest--Ted, you will not remember this--and he said, ``I know who you are.''  I said, ``Well, I sure as hell know who you are.''  He said, ``You allegedly know something about agriculture. Bob Dole told me about you, said you were a stand-up guy.''  I said, ``Thank you. That is a real compliment.''  He said, ``You serve on Armed Services and Intelligence?''  I said, ``Yes, sir, I do.''  He said, ``How would you like to go to the Russian Far East with me?''  I thought to myself: Why on Earth would I want to go to the Russian Far East?  He said, ``We are going to go to Habarodfk. I can assure you, Habarodfk is not one of the places that you would want to go to if you had free time to go anywhere.'' And he said, ``Then we are going to go to Vladivostok. We are going to meet with the admiral of the Russian navy. He is closer to Alaska than he is to Moscow. I know him.''  I thought, this is a man who has unusual relationships with people all around the world.  ``And then we are going to go to South Korea to meet one of the many presidents that come and go in South Korea to indicate our strong support. But then we are going to be the first delegation allowed into North Korea.''  Well, that got my attention. He said, ``That is why I would like to have you come along, because if we could arrange a third-party grain sale''--and I guess this is not classified anymore, but at any rate--``arrange a third-party grain sale, and using agriculture as a tool for peace, there are things we can do in North Korea to at least establish a relationship.''  This man has tried to do that all around the world with our adversaries.People talk about that a lot, that he actually just does it. He does not make any press releases about it, does not talk about it much.  So I said, ``Well, sure, I will sign up.''  And he said, ``I understand that you are a journalist.''  I said, ``Yep, that is an unemployed newsman.''  And he said, ``You could be the scribe in regard to this CODEL.'' I might say that any CODEL you went on with Ted Stevens, you always had a T-shirt saying: ``I survived CODEL Stevens'' because you would go to the South Pole, you would go to other places, but you didn't go to the water holes where apparently the business executives of our financial institutions go now to think about things.  In any case, we went to Habarovsk where I had a little discussion with Senator Inouye about where we were staying, our accommodations, and got to know Danny very well. We went to Vladivostok. We talked to that admiral who felt closer to Ted Stevens than he did the Russian Government at that particular time. We went to Sakhalin Island. There are tremendous oil reserves there. He was trying to work out some kind of arrangement where American oil companies could come in and take advantage of all of the oil reserves. We had to work our way through the saber-toothed tigers; I am not making that up.  Then we went to South Korea because you have to go to South Korea if you are going to go to North Korea. That is just required. Then we went into North Korea. Darnedest experience I have ever had in my life. It was a situation where that is a theocracy. It is a robotic theocracy. If there is a trudging contest in the Olympics, the North Koreans will win without any question. It was the first delegation allowed into North Korea. Senator Inouye and Senator Stevens met with the North Koreans. It was Senator Cochran who insisted on going to a farm. I say that with a smile. We did that. I will just say from an agricultural standpoint, it was just a field with nothing there except a 1938 Case tractor with a camouflage net over it. That sort of tells you where they are: not a Third World country but, as I said, a theocracy. But back to the story. It was about 11 or 12 midnight. This was a very unusual trip. We left everything on the plane, and we stayed at an alleged VIP headquarters. There wasn't any heat. I won't go into all that.  At any rate, this discussion had gone on and on and on, and there was an interpreter with the two people with whom we were meeting. We had hoped to meet with Kim Jong-il. That was not possible. So he sent two of his puppets down there to meet with us. They were just going back and forth with propaganda and we were serious. We had permission from the Treasury to waive certain requirements so we could arrange for a third party grain sale to assist North Korea which goes through a famine every harvesting year. In response, we could ask for other things.  So you had two World War II veterans who told these two individuals: We are World War II veterans. We want to make Pammunjon a tourist attraction. We want to make real progress about that. Finally, Ted had it up to here. He said: Knock off the BS. I know you understand English. Just take the interpreter out of it and let's get to the bottom line.  The bottom line was that they couldn't do anything. They were there to learn what we were about. They really couldn't make any decisions. That was a real lost opportunity at that particular time. I will never forget his leadership.  At any rate, I would just like to say on another CODEL, I don't even know which one it was, we landed at 11 and we got to the hotel about midnight. This man is a great connoisseur of military movies, military history, almost any other movie. He is a great devotee of that great documentary ``Band of Brothers.'' So we were playing ``Band of Brothers'' to virtually staff and to all present. And this is at 12:30 at night. We had reached episode 5; we were going to episode 6. So there we all were. And, of course, it was playing and playing. I looked around. All the staff were asleep. Loyal, they were still there, but they were asleep. Then all the Members who were still there, because you didn't leave in regards to the Stevens entourage and whatever performance he decided that we should see, so consequently, I was having a hard time keeping my eyelids open.  I looked over at him and his eyes were closed. I thought, the great man has his eyes closed. Everybody else is asleep. So I will get up, the scribe of the CODEL, and look around and gently turn off the television and then I can gently wake him up and say: ``Ted, it is pretty late, 1 o'clock. We all ought to go to bed.''  As I reached for the button to turn off the power, he said: ``This next part is the best part.'' He wasn't watching it; he was listening because he had seen it about three times. Well, needless to say, we saw episode 6 in its entirety. Thank the Lord, we didn't go into episode 7. We would have been there all night.  Let me just say, I was present for the ceremonies in Alaska when Ted was named the Alaskan of the Century. How can a sitting Senator or a sitting Member of Congress or anybody get citizen approval or approval from his State or accolades from his State at that particular time. But he was Alaskan of the Century. His name was everywhere. I told him the Anchorage Daily News should have been the ``Ted Stevens News.''  But I had the unique privilege of roasting this man, which I enjoyed thoroughly, and then got pretty serious toward the end. At any rate, he flew in on a World War II plane. He had his combat jacket. He came in with Catherine and took his place on two very posh chairs. And I quoted again that saying he has said, and it has been said today by the Senator himself and by others: ``The hell with politics; let's do what is good for Alaska.'' I will add: And the country and our national defense and for every man and woman in uniform; they owe this man a great debt. That is a true thing that he has done in terms of his service.  I am a journalist. I am an old newspaper guy. My great-grandfather founded the second oldest newspaper in the State of Kansas, John Wesley Roberts. He was an abolitionist. I have printer's ink in my blood. The only thing I would say to my fellow colleagues who have now left the galleries because the show is over, or at least up to this point, I would only say to my colleagues that I don't know who sang the song, ``You Don't Know Me.'' Maybe that was Patsy Cline; maybe it was somebody else. I will have to Google it. But at any rate, you don't know him. You really don't know him. This is a man with a very gruff exterior, but he is a teddy bear when you really get to know him. I know that because that is exactly what my daughter labeled him when she worked part-time for him some years ago.  As a matter of fact, she called him the mad penguin. She never called him that to his face. I don't know if you knew that or not, Ted. But that was the label.  So under this great, gruff facade--i.e., the mad penguin--there is a compassionate, caring, wise and, yes, a man with a very good sense of humor which I enjoyed immensely.  When you come to this body and you come to public service, you know that you risk your ideas, your thoughts, your hopes, and your dreams before the crowd. Sometimes the crowd says yes, and you have friends who will stand behind you when you are taking the bows. Then when something happens in your life, when it is most unfortunate--and my family has experienced this as well--you wonder where your friends are who will stand beside you when you are taking the boos as opposed to the bows.  I want to tell you that being the Alaskan of the Century and the Alaskan or the Senator who has done so much for the country and my State of Kansas, I stand next to you, Ted, and as many have said: You are a dear friend. I love you. God bless.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tester). The Senator from Texas.  