President, I rise today to speak about energy prices, as have many of my colleagues, and their impact on my constituents and, for that matter, the constituents of all of us nationwide.  Over the last 2 weeks, the leadership of this body has decided to bring two bills to the floor that would have tremendous effects on the pocketbooks of the American people. Unfortunately, after you take a hard look at these bills, you find out that neither bill would really reduce the price of energy. In fact, both would increase prices. But I want to take time to highlight the impacts of the climate change legislation, albeit somewhat late in the debate, and to make a few commonsense points or observations.  At a time when Americans are suffering from high fuel prices and high energy costs, and when fertilizer prices have increased by their largest amount in the history of fertilizer prices, it is not in America's best interest for the Senate to compound the problem. But that is precisely what the climate change bill would do. By capping the amounts of carbon emitted by coal-fired plants and natural gas processingfacilities and energy-intensive manufacturing facilities, this legislation is flawed. It passes the costs of meeting these requirements down to the consumer.  Kansans will be particularly hard hit. Experts at the American Council for Capital Formation--again, the American Council for Capital Formation, and I urge all of my colleagues to pay attention to this organization--State by State they can tell you what will happen. They predict that Kansas will lose 36,900 jobs over about a decade or two, and that is equal to 2.5 percent of the total workforce, if we enact this bill.  Kansans would also lose $7,283 in disposable income each year because of this legislation. You say how? Certainly higher utility rates, higher gas prices, and all manufacturing and farm equipment costs due to the increase of the cost of inputs. A combine now out in western Kansas, if you go to the dealer, will cost you, if you have the top rate combine, $350,000. Goodness knows what it would cost after this bill was passed and on down the road.  Anyone filling up with gasoline in the State of Kansas can expect to pay 140 percent more for each gallon of gas. Yesterday the lowest rate in the State was Emporia, KS, home of William Allen White and the Emporia Gazette, very famous in Kansas history. In Emporia it was $3.70 per gallon. This bill would raise that to $5.18. This doesn't make any sense. Let me repeat that. It would raise the cost of gas for Kansans by 140 percent.  We have had a $1.71 increase in the average price of gas since the majority took over in the Congress. My goodness, we don't need to be going over $5. I know there was a lot of rhetoric at that time that we were going to fix that, hopefully in a bipartisan way, but obviously that has not occurred.  Heating and cooling an apartment, a home, or an office building will cost 153 percent more in Kansas. Lawrence, KS, has some of the lowest electricity rates in America. However, the average household spending $200 on electric bills for the month will now pay $306--$306.  This proposed legislation will have a particularly unfair impact on America's heartland. Under this legislation, the Great Plains, the Midwest, and southern States pay more compared to those living on the west coast or in the Northeast. I am sure that is true in Arkansas, the State the distinguished Presiding Officer represents so well in this body.  It should also be noted that the Great Plains, the Midwest, and the South are home to some of the most fertile and highest producing areas of cash crops in the world.  Now, why would I mention that? This is the land that grows the crops necessary to feed not only the United States and the American consumer but a troubled and hungry world. As a matter of fact, our producers back in Kansas are servicing their combines now, as I speak, and getting ready to begin wheat harvest, to fertilize their corn crop and meet with their bankers to discuss how on Earth they can pay for it, and how much money is needed to purchase fertilizer and seed for next year's crop.  Our Nation enjoys but unfortunately does not appreciate--if you pay much attention to the national media--the modern-day miracle known as U.S. agriculture, or maybe we should call it production agriculture. This modern miracle provides the cheapest and the highest quality food supply in the world, and the most inexpensive, even with the rise in food prices and farm prices we have seen. This miracle is possible because of better breeding techniques combined with the availability of manmade fertilizers. These fertilizers increase the yields per acre and help keep the world from going hungry.  Rather than thanking our producers, this bill tells them basically they are not important. Rather than increasing domestic natural gas production, which is roughly 90 percent of the cost to produce synthetic nitrogen, this bill forces natural gas facilities to regulate the amount of emissions they emit.  A recent Doane agriculture study shows this legislation will add $6 billion to $12 billion to total crop production costs. If it is enacted, it is likely to cost a Kansas wheat farmer an additional $31.87 per acre. That same producer would see his sorghum cost increase $43.56 per acre, corn $78.80 per acre, and soybeans $20.41 per acre.  (