President, today, I wish to offer my 2 cents on the latest version of the Auto Industry Financing and Restructuring Act, or as most Kansans call it, the auto bailout.  As is often the case, the national debate over this issue has become more about perception than reality. And, unfortunately, this bill seems to take aim at the perception of the problem rather than the actual problem.  If this body truly wanted to help auto manufacturers and their dealers and their suppliers, we would force not only the management of these companies to make tough choices but all involved, including their creditors and labor.  And, Mr. President, we in Congress would need to make tougher decisions as well.  Unfortunately, this bill offers the perception that concrete restructuring plans will be made for the companies to receive assistance, but reality is that this bill lacks the real teeth to enforce the type of restructuring that so many believe is necessary to put this industry back on its feet.  If Congress were serious about turning the auto industry onto a path of profitability and stability, we would also need to look at our own actions that contributed to their current predicament.  This was articulated quite well in a Wall Street Journal piece yesterday. In recent years, Ford, GM, and Chrysler made money supplying vehicles that consumers wanted, and in doing so made a profit for the companies.  These vehicles were pickups and SUVs that met consumer needs. However, we in Congress decided that manufacturers shouldn't build many of these vehicles. We told the manufacturers that they should build the smaller, less profitable, more fuel efficient cars that many Americans don't want.  If you come out to my home town of Dodge City, you won't see many hybrids or little two-door cars that get 30 miles per gallon. No, you will see Ford F-150s, Dodge Rams, and Chevy Silverados because my constituents need pickups for their daily lives.  It is pretty hard to check your field and feed your cattle in a Prius.  But that is the direction the Federal Government has pushed these automakers and continues to do so in this bill. We have pushed them away from the vehicles that turned a profit and created a perception of an alternate consumer demand.  Another section of this bill that takes aim at perception rather than reality targets business aviation. The perception this bill creates is that business aircraft are some sort of excess expenditure. Because of the inconsiderate actions of three auto executives, this bill wants to condemn the entire business aviation industry.  Well, as a Senator from the State with more general aviation production than anywhere else in the world, I cannot let that claim stand unchallenged.  General aviation contributes more than $150 billion to the U.S. economy each year and employs over 1.2 million people right here in the U.S.  Thirty-eight percent of the aircraft built here are exported, meaning the GA industry is one of the few remaining industries in the U.S. with a positive trade balance. Yet this bill takes the policy position that business aviation is unnecessary.  If the intent of this bill is to punish the big three auto companies, then let's really go after them. Let's prohibit them from flying first class. You tell me what is wrong with flying coach. That is how I fly.  Or maybe we should just prohibit them from flying at all.  But that is not what this bill wants to do. As I have said, this bill only takes aim at the perception of the problem. It completely neglects the fact that companies, large and small, use business aircraft as a way to save time and money.  Furthermore, small towns across the country depend upon the revenue generated by local airports serving business aircraft.  The difficulties of the economy are not felt solely by the auto companies. Over the last 6 weeks or so, nearly 1,800 aviation workers have been laid off in Wichita, KS, alone. These layoffs and a downturn in new orders affects their suppliers and parts manufacturers as well.  If these 14 lines of text condemning business aviation become the new benchmark for future legislation, then the U.S. Congress will have put an American industry that leads the global marketplace at unprecedented risk.  I understand the situation our automotive industry is facing. I don't want to see layoffs or dealerships close or suppliers to have to cut production. But the reality is, whether Congress passes this $14 billion bailout or not, these things will likely happen.  The question we elected officials must answer is whether or not taxpayers will see a return on their investment.  Unfortunately, the bill before us today does not provide such assurances.  I am hopeful that we can continue working towards a bill that provides the necessary reform to ensure stability for the automakers and at the same time protects hard-working taxpayers.  