President, I rise with my colleagues to help explain the need--the crucial need--for comprehensive action on the Nation's most pressing domestic issue, as explained so eloquently by Senator Domenici. We all owe him a debt of gratitude for his leadership and his service in the Senate.  This is a national issue. But I wish to focus on an individual because this affects individual people and families as well as it being a national and domestic energy issue.  Never was the energy crisis made so clear to me than when I met with John Grau, a Kansan who runs a cattle operation--or did before a tornado--near Soldier, KS. I visited with John at what used to be his home, until a June 11 tornado reduced it to a basement, opened to the sky except for a fruit closet, of all things, with the fruit jars still there. What a miraculous thing. He and his wife had taken shelter and--also a miracle--they had survived, thank the Lord.  Despite everything he had been through and everything he would face as he would begin to recover from his losses--we were standing there, looking at what used to be his ranch and what used to be his home--he wanted to talk about gas prices. He said: I am going to be all right, after the storms. I can make it back. Look at the 200 friends here helping me. But Congress has to do something, he said, because the high cost of gas was a crucial hardship for his employees, his neighbors, his friends, and his future.  Now, I have been retelling this story because it is important for those engaged in the debate to understand how high prices are affecting real people and that we need real answers and we need them now.  Now, when I hear those on the other side of the aisle criticize our proposals on the basis that it will take several years for new oil and gas to hit the market, I am reminded that over the last two decades this body has held over 20 votes on energy production. That is 20-plus votes on deep sea, oil shale or Alaska production that have been blocked by my colleagues.  