Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Simmons-LoBiondo amendment, and I thank my friend from Connecticut for bringing this important amendment to the floor.  This amendment will maintain the integrity of the Coast Guard as a distinct entity within the Department of Homeland Security.  Section 888 of the Homeland Security Act states that the Coast Guard shall be maintained intact with all of the Service's authorities, functions, and capabilities.  The Coast Guard's research and development program has in the past concentrated on the development of strategies and resources aimed to improve the Service's ability to perform all of its traditional and homeland security missions.  The Coast Guard's traditional missions include search and rescue, drug and migrant interdiction, marine environmental protection, ice operations and aids to navigation.  It is imperative that we maintain the Coast Guard's ability to perform these important traditional missions in addition to the Service's homeland security mission.  Just this year, we have seen the importance of the Coast Guard's oil spill response and prevention program.  I am extremely concerned that the transfer of research and development funds to the Department will forever change the Coast Guard's abilities to balance its resources and personnel to carry out its many and varied missions.  We must protect the multi-mission nature of the Coast Guard.  We should provide funding for Coast Guard research, development, test and evaluation directly to the Service in the same manner that we provide all other Coast Guard funds.  This is what the law demands and this is the right thing to do.  I urge my fellow members to support the Simmons-LoBiondo amendment.  Mr. LoBIONDO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut.  As my colleague explained, this amendment will restore the Coast Guard's research and development funding to the Service's budget. The removal of this funding from the Coast Guard's direct control will constrict the Service's ability to direct funding to research programs to support both the Coast Guard's traditional and homeland security missions.  Mr. Chairman, this is the second year that the Administration has proposed to transfer this funding to the Department of Homeland Security's Science and Technology Directorate. The Administration has reasoned that the consolidation of research programs within the Department will reduce redundancies and maximize resources available for the entire Department. However, this reasoning does not take into account the strong focus of the Coast Guard's research program to improve the Service's capabilities to carry out its traditional missions of search and rescue, providing aids to navigation, oil spill response and prevention, and illegal drug and migrant interdiction.  Last year, the Coast Guard identified several key areas of concentration for its research and development programs that focused on enhancement to the Coast Guard's maritime safety, maritime mobility, marine environmental protection, and maritime domain awareness programs. I cannot help but be very skeptical that the Coast Guard's research and development program will continue to support such a broad scope of investigations under a DHS program that is wholly devoted to improving homeland security.  The Coast Guard has always been and has continued to be a unique, multi-mission Service within the Federal government. As such, Congress required the Coast Guard to remain an independent entity within the Department of Homeland Security with complete control over all of the Service's functions, authorities, and assets. Any changes to the Coast Guard's research and development program will restrict the Service's ability to improve methods to protect the safety and security of lives and vessels in U.S. waters and on the high seas.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to maintain the integrity of the Coast Guard by restoring funding for the Service's research and development program. I thank the gentleman from Connecticut again for bringing forth this amendment.  