Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  H.R. 889, the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2005, authorizes funding levels for the Coast Guard in fiscal year 2006 and makes several changes to current law related to the Coast Guard and to the maritime transportation system.  This bill is the result of a bipartisan effort; and I greatly appreciate the efforts of the bill's original co-sponsors, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), the subcommittee chairman; the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), the full committee ranking member; and the gentleman from California (Mr. Filner), the subcommittee ranking member.  This bill provides the Coast Guard with the necessary resources and authorities to protect the safety and security of lives and property on U.S. waters.  H.R. 889 authorizes a funding level of nearly $8.7 billion for the Coast Guard for fiscal year 2006. This authorization level includes an amount of $1.6 billion to accelerate the delivery of new vessels and aircraft as part of the deepwater program. The Coast Guard's legacy fleet is deteriorating at an unacceptable rate, endangering the safety of the Coast Guardsmen on board and the general public.  We must provide the Coast Guard with these new assets, and I urge my colleagues to support full funding for this program this year and in future years.  As this body's only licensed mariner and the representative of the State that includes more than half of this Nation's coastline, I recognize the importance of making certain that the Coast Guard has the tools necessary to carry out its many and varied missions.  Earlier this year, the Coast Guard responded to a major oil spill in myState and in the district of subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo). While the Coast Guard has recently received a great deal of attention for its important homeland security missions, we must be mindful of the requirements of the Coast Guard's equally important traditional missions.  Mr. Chairman, all of us recognize the exceptional work done by the Coast Guard, often under dangerous conditions in Alaska and all around this Nation.  Mr. Chairman, as I am reminded with the Katrina hurricane, the outstanding agency that worked the best and did their job with honor and dignity was the United States Coast Guard. I am very proud to be affiliated with them, and I urge the strong support of this legislation.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  