Mr. Chairman, I reluctantly but strongly rise in opposition to this amendment. I have to tell Members that the people have contacted me, every State department of transportation because it does not give them flexibility. I thought that is what the gentleman was trying to do. They say it does not do that.  We have American Road Builders, Transportation Construction Coalition, State highway and transportation officials, and Public Transportation Association all opposing the amendment. That tells me something.  I am one that happens to believe in toll roads, contrary to my good friend, but this amendment takes away States rights to expand, including Texas. Last year our majority leader was supportive of the amendment, and now he informs me that he opposes the amendment because the State department of transportation says it will hamstring what they have been able to do.  I would love to work with the gentleman to try to figure this out. I think we are on the right track as far as tolls, but this amendment restricts instead of giving flexibility, and in doing so, takes away States' ability to leave in the tolling concept and maintain.  That is one of our biggest problems, we have not in fact put the money in maintenance. If we were to put a toll road in under this provision, and under his provision they take the tolling out when the road is paid for, who do Members think is going to pay for the toll road later on down the line? They will be back to Congress saying we need the money to maintain the road paid for by a toll.  My argument is there is no such thing as a free road. The roads have to be paid for after they are paid for to maintain them so they can be used. So, again, I respect the gentleman's work and his belief and effort, but to have this amendment take away the flexibility and have it opposed by every VDOT, we know something is wrong with the amendment as drafted. Again, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I wish the gentleman would continue to work with us to work to solve this problem.  