Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3351, the Native American Technical Corrections Act of 2005. This bill would allow shareholder consideration of making Settlement Common Stock under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA) available to Alaska Natives born after December 18, 1971.  The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, as originally enacted, limited Alaska Native Regional Corporations from enrolling Natives born after December 18, 1971, as shareholders in their respective corporations. Subsequent amendments to ANCSA have allowed Regional Corporations to include Natives born after December 18, 1971, often referred to ``New Natives,'' ``Afterborns'' or ``Shareholder Descendents'', if existing shareholders of the Corporation adopt a resolution at an annual meeting. Thus far, very few Native Corporations have adopted resolutions to include Shareholder Descendents, in part because the standard for adopting a resolution is too high.  Existing law provides that a resolution is considered approved by the shareholders of a Native Corporation if it receives an affirmative vote from a ``majority of the total voting power of the corporation.'' At any given annual meeting, however, the total voting power of the corporation is not exercised. Accordingly, eighty-five to ninety percent of the voting proxies at an annual meeting would be required to vote in favor of a Shareholder Descendent resolution. This is an extremely difficult threshold to meet.  Section 103 of H.R. 3351 would allow a Shareholder Descendents resolution to be approved by a majority of the shares present or represented by proxy at an annual meeting. If a change is not made to the existing voting standard for adoption of a Shareholder Descendents resolution, the promises of ANCSA are potentially left unfulfilled. This legislation would allow a Regional Corporation, provided the majority voted in favor of adopting a Shareholder Descendents vote, to enroll two generations of Shareholder Descendents to become shareholders in their respective corporation. I urge a ``yes'' vote on this important legislation affecting my Alaska Native ``afterborns.''  