Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I am pleased that today the House is considering the Water Resources Development Act of 2005.  In this bill, we have been able to get past the rhetoric, identify real issues, and come up with workable, bipartisan, solutions that will actually help the Corps of Engineers carry out its missions.  This negotiation involved a lot of give and take. The result does not represent my initial positions, or Mr. Oberstar's. That is the nature of a compromise.  The compromise language gives the Corps of Engineers the tools it needs to improve and expedite water resources projects.  These provisions earned the support of all the members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, received the support of 412 Members of the House last Congress, and deserve the support of all the Members of the House this Congress.  Now that the debate over ``Corps Reform'' is past us, both the Congress and the Corps of Engineers can focus on meeting the Nation's navigation, flood control, and environmental restoration needs to provide economic and national security and to improve our quality of life.  Some complain about the cost of Corps of Engineers projects, but these investments are critically important to our economy.  Over 13 million American jobs are dependent on trade, but our harbors are not ready to meet the increasing demands of international trade.  Our farmers and our electric utilities depend on efficient waterways to move grain and coal, but over half of our locks are over 50 years old and two have been operating since the 19th century.  Many communities along rivers and shores are not protected from hurricanes and flooding, even though the cost of recovering from a flood is on average six times greater than the cost of investing in the infrastructure needed to prevent those damages.  Finally, there are worthwhile environmental restoration projects that provide both environmental and economic benefits.  The Water Resources Development Act of 2005 addresses these needs in communities all over the country.  I want to thank the ranking member of the committee, Mr. Oberstar, for his help in resolving some very contentious issues and I appreciate his willingness to work together in a bipartisan fashion.  I want to commend Mr. Duncan and Ms. Johnson and the Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee for their hard work in crafting this legislation.  I urge all Members to support H.R. 2864 and join me in encouraging the other body to act expeditiously once this bill has passed the House.  