I hope that those who are following this debate understand that my colleague from New Mexico is a real rising star in the Senate. He and I would like the USA FREEDOM Act to go further, and we both worked together on legislation that would make additional reforms. Certainly, our colleagues on the Intelligence Committee and here in the Senate can expect to see us continuing to work together to advance these additional reforms over the coming months and years. For now, the two of us are saying we ought to support the USA FREEDOM Act and then move on--move on to other critical areas.  I particularly want to see closed what is called the backdoor search loophole, which my colleague from New Mexico talked about. What this means, colleagues, is that when you are engaged in a lawful search of someone who is a threat overseas, pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, very often law-abiding Americans can get swept up in this search and have their emails looked at.  This is a problem today, and my view is it is likely to be a growing concern in the future because, increasingly, communications systems around the world are becoming globally integrated, so the amount of emails that are reviewed of Americans is likely to grow. But we can't get that change here tonight. So, as my colleague from New Mexico has mentioned, the USA FREEDOM Act would make several worthwhile reforms, such as increasing transparency, reducing the government's reliance on secret laws. But from my perspective, the centerpiece of it is ending the bulk collection of Americans' information under the PATRIOT Act.  I have been trying to close this particular loophole for close to a decade now. Some of our colleagues have said the bulk collection has never been abused; that no one's rights have been violated. My own view is--and I will ask what my colleague thinks--that vacuuming up all this information, particularly when databases get violated all the time--we have seen historically instances where there has been improper conduct by the government. I believe dragnet surveillance violates the rights of millions of our people every day.  Vacuuming up the private phone records of millions of Americans with no connection to wrongdoing is simply a violation of their rights.  And vacuuming up Americans' email records, which I pointed out before my colleague came to the floor--which he and our former colleague Senator Udall and I battled--is surely a violation of the rights of Americans as well. Colleagues, that wouldn't have been pointed out at all--it wouldn't have been pointed out at all--unless Senator Udall and I, with the help of our friend from New Mexico, hadn't been pushing back on it. Finally, one day the government said: Well, we will get rid of it because it wasn't effective. They got rid of it because they saw they were going to get hard questions, the kinds of questions my friend from New Mexico has been asking.  Now, with respect to the legality of this program, I know my colleague and I actually filed a legal brief, along with our former colleague Mark Udall, when the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit was examining that program. In our brief, it was argued that we were able to debunk many of the claims that had been made about the effectiveness of the program.  I think it would be helpful if my colleague from New Mexico laid out some of that analysis here tonight. I would ask the Senator from New Mexico to begin, and I would encourage him to start by addressing the claim that the bulk collection of Americans' phone records is essential for stopping terrorist attacks. My question to my colleague is, Is there any evidence, anyreal concrete evidence, to support that claim?  