President, before he leaves the floor, I just want to make sure, having worked with Senator Paul for many, many months now, that I especially appreciate his efforts in the last few days in this week to try to accommodate this body with respect to amendments. My colleague has said repeatedly that he was very interested in a short list of amendments, that he hoped to have some modest time that would be available for these amendments.  He and I have worked together on a number of them. I think it is a reflection, as people think about this debate and on a topic that is of such enormous importance, that my colleague from Kentucky, especially with respect to this amendment issue, has tried continually to be reasonable and to be accommodating to this body.  Until just a few hours ago, I was at home in Oregon having townhall meetings, flew all night to be here for this extremely important session. Of course, the topic we discussed this evening was front and center in terms of my constituents.  The message from Oregonians at these townhall meetings was very clear. The people whom I have the honor to represent in the Senate want policies that advance their security and protect their liberties. The program we have been talking about tonight in the Senate really does not deliver either. It does not make us safer. It chips away at our liberties.  I am going to spend a little bit of time this evening making the case for those kinds of arguments and laying out the challenge for the days ahead.  Now, with respect to this safety issue, all of us understand--particularly the Presiding Officer, who has been on the Intelligence Committee, as I have, for over 14 years--that it is a dangerous world. Anyone who serves on the Intelligence Committee knows that beyond any kind of debate.  So we want policies that really deliver both security and liberty. This is what the President's own experts had to say with respect to this program that involves collecting millions and millions of phone records on law-abiding Americans. This was a group that was appointed and spent a considerable amount of time looking at the bulk phone records collection program. They issued a report, and will I just paraphrase what is the central finding, on page 104 of their report: As to information contributed to terrorist investigations by the use of section 215 telephony metadata--that is the collecting all of these millions and millions of phone records--these experts say that ``could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using conventional Section 215 orders.''  Now, the reason that is important is it spells out and recognizes that those who signed this report are individuals with some of the most pristine antiterror credentials in this country--Mike Morell, for example, the former Acting Director of the CIA; Richard Clarke, who held an extremely important position in two administrations and served with both Republicans and Democrats. Both of them are signatories to this important report.  Beyond that--and it has not received much attention--the reality is that our government, on top of everything else, has emergency authorities so that when those who are charged with protecting our country believe there is a threat to the Nation, they are allowed to issue an emergency authorization to get the information they need right away, and then they can go back and get the warrant approved after the fact.  Nobody is talking about eliminating that emergency authority. So what we have is a program that the most authoritative antiterror experts in the country believe does not make our Nation any safer. I read the most significant finding in their report.  On top of that, as I just indicated, emergency authorities are still preserved. In fact, I have indicated to our President and to those who work in the intelligence agencies that if at any point the executive branch and, particularly, the intelligence agencies feel that their emergency authorities are inadequate to protect the country, I personally would be willing to support efforts to ensure that those emergency capabilities are reformed and our country can take the steps it needs when it is necessary.  On top of this question, with respect to the issue of our safety, I want to talk about what I heard at some length earlier today with respect to how the program worked. I heard a number of Senators say that nobody in government is listening to these calls. That was repeated a number of times on the floor of this body.  When the government, under this program, knows whom you called, when you called, and where you called from, in many instances the government doesn't need to be listening. If the government knows, under this program, that a person called a psychiatrist 3 times in 36 hours--twice after midnight--that is a lot of private and personal information. The government doesn't need to be listening to that call.  So as to this notion that some who have wanted to make sure that our country would have both security and liberty are saying that it is a fantasy that the government is listening to calls, I could tell you that those who have been trying to reform the program have said, in effect, that the government doesn't need to listen to those calls. If the government has that amount of private and personal information, the government knows a lot about you, and it really doesn't need to listen. Certainly, if you are talking about a land line, then the government knows where you are calling from if they have a phone book.  So with respect to this question of the government listening, I want it particularly understood that a program such as this, when the government has this kind of information, I believe, represents a threat to our liberty. The reason why I think so is that hardly a week goes by when databases aren't violated. No. 1, we see that reported regularly in the press. No. 2, we have known about unfortunate times in our history--J. Edgar Hoover comes to mind--when this kind of information could be used. And, No. 3, I have been very concerned, given what our former colleague, Senator Udall, and I had to do with respect to bulk phone record collection of email. We battled to end this. Of course, this was email that could be read by government agencies. We battled with various intelligence leaders saying that we felt this was a violation of people's rights and it wasn't effective. They asserted for months and months that it was. Finally, one day they woke up and said the program wasn't needed any more.  None of this would have even happened had not Senator Udall and I made that case repeatedly. The intelligence leadership knew that we were not going to give it up, but that is what goes on if there isn't a check on some of these kinds of procedures.  Senator Paul made mention of the fact that the intelligence leadership has not exactly been straight with the American people on these issues. I emphasize that we are not talking about the thousands and thousands of law-abiding patriotic, dedicated, wonderful people who work in the intelligence field. Day in and day out they do so much for our country. We are so appreciative of all they do. They are the ones who do the hard work, for example, to capture Bin Laden and day in and day out to make us safer. But the intelligence leadership, on the other hand, as noted by our colleague from Kentucky, has not always been straight with the American people. I spent many months trying to decipher what the former NSA Director meant when he said the government doesn't collect any dossiers on millions of Americans.  I pointed out I had been on the Intelligence Committee for a long time and I had never heard the term ``dossier'' used. So I tried to learn more about it, used private opportunities and public opportunities, and just couldn't get the information. So, finally, I said: I have to ask this question in public.  On the Intelligence Committee you don't get but perhaps 20 or 25 minutes a year to ask questions in public, to hold intelligence leaders accountableon policy matters--not secret operations, because secret operations have to stay secret, but policy matters.  So, after being stonewalled for many months--many months--I finally said I have to ask this question in public. So to make sure no one would feel ambushed, I sent the question to the Director of National Intelligence, Mr. Clapper. I sent it a day ahead of time.  Then I didn't hear anything about its being inappropriate or in violation of classification rules. So I asked in public: Does the government collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans? I was told no, and that answer was obviously false. I tried to get it corrected, and we still couldn't get it corrected.  Of course, then Mr. Snowden spoke out publicly and pointed that out. Since that time, the Director of National Intelligence and his representatives have given these five different explanations for why that answer was given. So that is why you have to ask the hard questions. You have to ask the hard questions about these issues.  I see my friend and colleague Senator Heinrich has joined us tonight. I am so pleased that he has joined the Intelligence Committee. Senator Heinrich is one of those Senators who subscribes to that view that I just mentioned--that it is our job to ask the hard questions. It may be uncomfortable. It is not designed in any way to convey disrespect. We see it as our job to ask the hard questions.  I would be interested in my colleague's thoughts with respect to this issue and to have him be given a chance to participate in this colloquy.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Johnson). Without objection, it is so ordered.  