President, this afternoon we begin the discussion of cyber security legislation. I think it is important to say at the outset that I think everybody who hears the notion that the Senate is talking about cyber security would say: Boy, you have to be for that. We all read about cyber hacks regularly, so you ask: Why not be for what they are talking about in the Senate?  I begin by way of saying that the fact is not every bill with cyber security in the title is necessarily a good idea. I believe this bill will do little to make Americans safer but will potentially reduce the personal privacy of millions of Americans in a very substantial way. In the beginning, I think it is particularly telling who opposes this legislation at this time. The Business Software Alliance has said they cannot support this bill. They have members such as Apple, IBM, and Microsoft, and they are saying that at this time they cannot be for this bill. The Computer and Communications Industry Association has members such as Google, Facebook, and Amazon. They have said they cannot support the legislation at this time. America's librarians cannot support it at this time. Twitter cannot support it at this time. Wikimedia Foundation and Yelp can't support it at this time.  The groups I am talking about are ones with members who have companies with millions and millions of customers, and they are saying they can't support this bill at this time.  I think I know why these companies that didn't have a problem with previous kinds of versions of this legislation are saying they don't support it. These companies are hearing from their customers and they are worried their customers are saying: This doesn't look like it is going to protect our privacy. Of course, we want to be safe. We also want to have our liberty. Ben Franklin famously said anyone who gives up their liberty to have security really doesn't deserve either--so we know what Americans want.  I would submit the reason these companies are coming out in opposition to this legislation is they don't want their customers to lose confidence in their products. They are looking at this legislation, and they are saying the privacy protections are woefully inadequate and their customers are going to lose confidence in their products.  I appreciate that the managers are trying to make the bill better. It isquite clear to me, having listened to two colleagues--whom I respect very much--that they are very much aware that their bill has attracted widespread opposition. The comment was made that Apple, Google, everyone should be for this.  I would say again--respectfully to my colleagues, the authors, with whom I have served since we all came to the committee together--even with the managers' amendment, the core privacy issues are not being dealt with.  I would just read now from a few of the comments--maybe I am missing something. Maybe I heard a list of all the privacy issues that had been addressed. I haven't seen any privacy groups the Democrats or Republicans look to saying they support the privacy protections in the bill, but let me give you an example of a few who surely don't.  This is what Yelp says: ``Congress is trying to pass a `cyber security' bill that threatens your privacy.''  This is what the American Library Association is saying. I will admit, Mr. President, I am a little bit tilted toward librarians because my late mother was a librarian. We all appreciate the librarians we grew up with. The librarians say that this bill ``de facto grants broad new mass data collection powers to many federal, as well as state and even local government agencies.''  Salesforce, a major player in the digital space located in California, says:       At Salesforce, trust is our number one value and nothing is      more important to our company than the privacy of our      customers' data. . . . Salesforce does not support CISA and      has never supported CISA.  They have a hashtag.       Follow #StopCISA for updates.  This is the group that represents the Computer and Communications Industry Association--this is Google, Amazon, and Microsoft, the biggest major tech companies. Again, these are companies with millions of customers, and the companies are worried that this bill lacks privacy protections and their customers are going to lose confidence in some of what may be done under this. They say they support the goals, of course--which we all do--of dealing with real threats and sharing information. They state: ``But such a system should not come at the expense of users' privacy, need not be used for purposes unrelated to cyber security, and must not enable activities that might actively destabilize the infrastructure the bill aims to protect.''  Mr. President, we heard my colleague, the chair of the committee, a member of the Committee on Finance whom I have worked with often, say that the most important feature of the legislation is that it is voluntary. The fact is that it is voluntary for companies. It will be mandatory for their customers. And the fact is that companies can participate without the knowledge and consent of their customers, and they are immune from customer oversight and lawsuits if they do so. I am all for companies sharing information about malware and foreign hackers with the government, but there ought to be a strong requirement to filter out unrelated personal information about customers.  I want to emphasize this because this is probably my strongest point of disagreement with my friends who are the sponsors. There is not in this bill a strong requirement to filter out unrelated personal information about these millions of customers who are going to be affected. This bill would allow companies to hand over a large amount of private and personal information about millions of their customers with only a cursory review. In my judgment, information about those who have been victims of hacks should not be treated in essentially the same way as information about the hackers. Without a strong requirement to filter out unrelated personal information, that is unfortunately what this bill does.  At the outset of this discussion, we were told this bill would have substantial security benefits. I heard for days, for example, that this bill would have prevented the OPM attack, that it would have stopped the serious attack on government personnel records. After technologists reviewed that particular argument, that claim has essentially been withdrawn.  There is a saying now in the cyber security field: If you can't protect it, don't collect it. If more personal consumer information flows to the government without strong protections, my view is it is going to end up being a prime target for hackers.  Sharing information about cyber security threats is clearly a worthy goal, and I would like to find ways to encourage more of that responsibly. Yet if you share more information without strong privacy protections, millions of Americans will say: That is not a cyber security bill; it is a surveillance bill. My hope is that, working in a bipartisan way, by the time we have completed this legislation on the floor, that will not be the case.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  