He knows that it was very troubling that in 2012 and in 2013, we just weren't able to get straight answers to this question of collecting data on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans.  My colleague will recall that the former NSA Director said that--he had been to a conference--and that he was not involved in collecting ``dossiers'' on millions of Americans. Having been on the committee at that point for over a dozen years, I said: Gee, I am not exactly sure what a ``dossier'' means in that context.  So we began to ask questions, both public ones, to the extent we could, and private ones, about exactly what that meant, and we couldn't get answers to those questions. We just couldn't get answers.  The Intelligence Committee traditionally doesn't have many open hearings. By my calculus, we probably get to ask questions in an open hearing for maybe 20 minutes, maximum, a year. So after months and months of trying to find out exactly what was meant, we felt it was important to ask the Director of National Intelligence exactly what was meant by these ``dossiers'' and government collecting data and the like. So at our open hearing, I said: I am going to have to ask the Director of National Intelligence about this. And because I have long felt that it was important not to try to trick people or ambush them or anything of the sort, we sent the question in advance to the head of national intelligence. We sent the exact question: Does the government collect any type of data at all on millions of Americans? We asked it so that he would have plenty of time to reflect on it. We waited to see if the Director would get back to us and say: Please don't ask it. There has always been a kind of informal tradition in the Intelligence Committee of being respectful of that. We didn't get that request, so I asked it. When I asked: Does the government collect any type of data at all on millions of Americans, the Director said no. I knew that wasn't accurate. That was not a forthright, straightforward, truthful answer, so we asked for a correction. We couldn't get a correction.  I would say to my colleague that since that time, the Director or his representatives have given five different reasons why they responded as they did, further raising questions in my mind, not with respect to the rank-and-file in the intelligence community--the thousands and thousands of hard-working members of the intelligence community my colleague and I feel so strongly about and respect so greatly.  I wish to ask just one other question with respect to where we are at this point and what is ahead. As long as the Senator from Kentucky holds the floor, no one will be able to offer a motion to consider an extension of the USA PATRIOT Act. But at some point in the near future, whether it is this weekend or next week or next month, my analysis is the proponents of phone record collection are going to seek a vote in the Senate to continue what I consider to be this invasion of privacy of millions and millions of law-abiding Americans. When that happens, I intend to use every procedural tool available to me to block that extension. And if at least 41 Senators stand together, we can block that extension and block it indefinitely. If 41 Senators stick together, there isn't going to be any short-term extension, and finally, after something like 8 years of working on this issue, finally we will be saying no to bulk phone record collection.  I am certain I know the answer to this question, but I think we both want to be on the Record on this matter. When that vote comes, the Senator is going to be one of the 41 Senators who are going to block that extension. I have appreciated his leadership.  I would just like his reaction to our efforts to go forward once again when we have to do it with proponents of mass surveillance seeking an actual vote to continue business as usual with respect to dragnet surveillance.  