President, I want to thank my colleague, Senator Merkley, a son of Douglas County, and reflect for a few minutes on the horrendous events of the last week. My colleague has eloquently talked about this, and I am grateful for that.  Senator Merkley and I will be returning home tomorrow, but I want to talk a little bit about some of what was inspiring last Friday. My colleague and I and our colleague from the House, Congressman DeFazio, went to Mercy Medical Center, and we saw all of the staff. My own sense is that there is no way you can truly prepare for something like this. You can go through as many training programs, have as many drills, have as many handbooks as anybody can invent, but you are never truly prepared for it. When Senator Merkley and I and a colleague from the other body, Congressman DeFazio, walked into that mayhem, there were probably 150 staff there, and I said: This is the face of Douglas County. These are the people--the doctors and the nurses and the pharmacists and the volunteers--who were there in a time of extraordinary stress giving those individuals the very best of care and that little extra touch of Douglas County caring that my colleague knows much more about than anyone else here in the Senate.  I so appreciated what we saw at Mercy Medical Center because it told me that even at a time of such pain and after such carnage, we know Douglas County is going to come back. Roseburg is going to come back. The reason we know that is because of what we saw there at Mercy Medical Center--all of those committed, wonderful advocates who, against all odds, came through.  There is one other part of Douglas County I want to reflect on because it says so much about the community. My colleague and I have townhall meetings around the State. We have both been in Douglas County. I was at a townhall meeting at UCC just a couple of months ago. As I was driving in, all of the log trucks were parked out front because it is a community that cares a great deal about sensible natural resources policy. We had a spirited town meeting, as most of the town meetings in Douglas County are, because people have strong views, but on that day I saw much of what I saw at the Mercy Medical Center when my colleague and I visited--people who care about their friends and neighbors, who care about a whole host of issues, from the economy to charity to what the Congress is doing, that might actually be relevant to them.  I bring this up by way of saying I am so grateful my colleague made the presentation he did so that we understand what a huge loss this has been, but I also wanted to touch on what I saw with my friend at Mercy Medical Center and what I saw at the Umpqua Community College townhall meeting just a couple of months ago. Because at a time of great loss, we can also be inspired by what we saw at that medical center and the friends and neighbors of goodwill coming together to deal with some of the biggest challenges the community and our country face.  I look forward to going home with my colleague tomorrow, to once again talk about the challenges that are ahead after Roseburg. We talked a little bit about that on the steps, but I mostly want to say that what we saw last Friday in the middle of tragedy and great stress ought to send the message to all concerned that Douglas County is going to be back. Douglas County is a special place, and as horrendous as these losses were, those are people who embody the best of our State and the best of our country.  I look forward to working with my colleague and, with his leadership, providing whatever solace we can in the short term and then moving on to tackle the community's bigger issues in the days ahead.  I thank my colleague, and I yield the floor.  