The first of these examples--and they really are kind of overblown examples about the effectiveness of bulk collection--is the case of an individual named Najibullah Zazi. Mr. Zazi was a known terrorism suspect, and a number of people have suggested that bulk phone records collection was somehow essential to stopping him because a query of the bulk phone records database for numbers linked to Mr. Zazi returned a previously unknown number belonging to another terrorism suspect.  However, since the government had already identified Zazi as a terrorism suspect prior to querying the bulk phone records database, it had all the evidence it needed to obtain the phone records of Zazi and his associates using an individualized section 215 order or other legal authorities.  In the second case, some have pointed to Mr. Moalin, the San Diego man convicted of sending $8,500 to support al-Shabaab in Somalia. The intelligence community has indicated that information from the bulk phone records database ``established a connection between a phone number known to be used by an extremist overseas . . . and an unknown San Diego-based number'' that belonged to Mr. Moalin. Yet there are ample existing authorities under which the United States can conduct surveillance on a phone number known to be used by extremists overseas and other phone numbers in contact with that phone number.  The argument that Mr. Moalin's case is an example of a unique value of bulk phone records collection is just not accurate. My view is this is yet another case that offers a misleading exaggeration with respect to the effectiveness of bulk phone records collection.  Finally, several supporters of the bulk metadata program have claimed that ``[i]f we had had [the bulk phone-records] program in place at the time [of the September 11, 2001 attacks,] we would have been able to identify'' the phone number of one of the hijackers, Khalid al-Mihdhar.  Just as in these other cases, however, the record indicates that Mr. Mihdhar's phone number could also have been obtained by the government using a variety of alternate means. Before September 11, the government was surveilling a safe house in Yemen but failed to realize that Mr. Mihdhar, who was in contact with the safe house, was actually inside the United States. The government could have used any number of authorities to determine whether anyone in our country was in contact with the safe house it was already targeting. It didn't need a record of every Americans' phone calls to establish that simple connection.  