Many of these amendments we have been working on are basically designed to address these issues where we haven't been able to get answers in the past.  After 9/11, it was clear the people of our country were worried and there was just a sense that if you were told it was about security, you were supposed to say, OK. That is it. But that is not the kind of oversight the Congress--particularly after we had a time stamp on the PATRIOT Act, we all thought it was going to end, and then it was time to start asking the tough questions. And not enough tough questions have been asked. And my colleague in the amendments we are talking about really seeks to get answers and use that information to change practices on a lot of these areas that have really gotten short shrift in the past. I appreciate my colleague talking about the FISA Court in connection with this. This is, for listeners, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court--certainly one of the most bizarre judicial bodies in our country's history, created to apply commonly understood legal concepts, such as probable cause, to the government's request for warrants to track terrorists and spies. But over the last decade, the FISA Court has been tasked with interpreting broad new surveillance laws and has been setting sweeping precedents about the government's surveillance storing, all of it being done in secret.  And I will say--and I would be interested in my colleague's thoughts on this--that it is time that the court's significant legal interpretations be made public--be made public so there are no more secret laws; that the people of this country have the chance to engage in debate about laws that govern them. I also think there ought to be somebody there who can say on these questions where there are major constitutional implications, there ought to be somebody there who can say: Look, there may be other considerations than the government's pointof view. But transparency here is critical so that Congress and the courts can hold the intelligence community accountable. I want to mention, once again, we are talking about policies. We are not talking about matters that are going to reveal secret operations or sources and methods. We are talking about policy.  So I think it would be helpful, again, as we move to wrap up, if my colleague from Kentucky could outline some of the reforms in the foreign intelligence court area that he thinks would be most helpful in terms of promoting transparency and accountability, that do not compromise sources and methods--because I think my colleague has some good ideas in this area--and what, in my colleague's view, would be most important with respect to getting reforms in this secret court in a way that would ensure more transparency for the public and still protect our valiant intelligence officials who are in the field.  