The Smith case was not made for the digital age. That is a big part of what we have sought to do throughout this debate, is to try to make sure that people really understand the implications in the digital age of what these policies, you know, mean for their privacy.  I see my colleagues are on the floor and I want to give them some time. But since you mentioned this question of the court cases, I think there was really striking language recently by Judge Leon of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, talking about what the scooping up of all of these records really means. Judge Leon said, ``a few scattered tiles of information'' when collected in mass, can ``reveal an entire mosaic'' about a person including their religion, their sexual orientation, medical issues, and political affiliations.  So you combine what the judge has described, I think correctly, as bulk collection, outdated court cases such as the Smith case, which really was not updated in terms of what we would be facing in the digital age, and I think this really combines to create policies that have a chilling effect on liberty and liberty for innocent law-abiding Americans.  So I want to say it again to my colleague who is now approaching 10 hours on his feet. I very much appreciate his focusing on these issues. We have a lot of work to do because we know that there has been a pattern in the past where when we really get down to the final days--the last couple of days--there is always a lot of pressure to go along with some kind of short-term extension. That has been the pattern year after year, every time there has been an expiration of the act.  I think what has been shown today is that kind of business as usual is just not going to be acceptable any longer. You have made that point. I want it understood that we are going to be pursuing the effort to make sure that this time we are not just going to re-up a bad law, re-up a flawed policy and say that it is OK to continue a program.  This was reauthorized, in effect, by the President a few months ago. This is going to be the last extension. This has got to be the last extension. I am committed to working closely with the Senator and our colleagues to make sure that that is the case and to take the steps necessary to ensure this is finally the last extension of a badly flawed law. I thank my colleague for his good work.  