It is good to be back on the floor with him once again on this topic.  As we have indicated, this will not be the last time we are back on the floor.  My colleague has made a number of very important points already. I was especially pleased when my colleague brought to light something that is little known; that the Attorney General of the United States is interested in--excuse me--the FBI Director is interested in requiring companies to build weaknesses into their products. In other words, we have had companies interested in encryption, as my colleague mentioned. What happened as a result of that encryption, they had a chance to start getting back the confidence of consumers, both in the United States and worldwide--and then the FBI Director has been interested in, in effect, allowing companies to build a backdoor into their systems. This, once again, kind of defies commonsense because the keys will not just be out there for the good guys. They will also be available to the bad guys.  I am very pleased that my colleague from Kentucky highlighted one particular new development in this debate, and I have sought as a member of the Intelligence Committee for some time to come up with an approach that once again demonstrates that security and liberty are not mutually exclusive. But we are certainly not going to have both, as my colleague touched on in his statement, if the policy of the FBI Director is to require companies to build a backdoor into their products--build weaknesses into their products.  Now, the Senator from Kentucky is very much aware that my staff and a number of Senators are currently working through a number of issues and amendments related to the question of how we can pass trade legislation and get more family wage jobs for our people through exports. A number of us, myself specifically, have been concerned that the majority leader and other supporters of business as usual on bulk collection of all of these phone records would somehow try to take advantage of our current discussions and try to, in effect, sneak through a motion to extend section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act. As long as the Senator from Kentucky has the floor, that cannot happen. My hope is that once our colleagues have agreed on a path to go forward with job-creating, export-oriented trade legislation, it will be possible to resume our work on that very important bill.  In the meantime, my question for my colleague pertains to an issue that he noted I have been at for some time. As my colleague knows, I have been trying to end the bulk phone record collection program since 2006, and the reason I have is because this bulk phone record collection program is a Federal human relations database.  When the Federal Government knows whom you have called, when you have called, and often where you have called from, which is certainly the case if somebody calls from a land line and someone has a phonebook, the government has a lot of private and intimate information about you. If the government knows that you called a psychiatrist three times, for example, in 36 hours, twice after midnight, the government doesn't have to be listening to that call. The government knows a whole lot about what most Americans would consider to be very private.  This has been an important issue. My colleague from Kentucky has been an invaluable ally on this particular cause since he arrived in the Senate, and I just want to give a little bit more background and then get my colleague's reaction to this question.  I have seen several of my colleagues come to the floor of the Senate and talk about why we ought to keep a bulk phone record collection, and the statement has somehow been that this is absolutely key for strong counterterror. That is a baffling assertion, I say to my colleague from Kentucky, because even the Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General are saying it is not. So what we have are Members of the Senate saying that bulk collection--some of them--ought to be preserved in order to fight terror, and the Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General, two individuals who are not exactly soft on terror, saying it is not.  If Senators, and those who might be following this debate, are seeking a more detailed analysis, I hope they will check out the very lengthy report on surveillance that was issued by the President's review group. This group's members have some very impressive national security credentials. These are not people who are soft on fighting terror. One of them was the Senior Counterterror Adviser to both President Clinton and President Bush and another served as Acting Director of the CIA, and this review group--a review group led by individuals with pristine antiterror credentials--said on page 104 of their report that ``the information contributed to terrorist investigations by the use of section 215 [bulk] telephony meta-data was not essential to preventing attacks and could readily have been obtained in a timely manner using [individual] section 215 orders.''  What this distinguished group of experts said supports what the Senator from Kentucky is saying and what I and others have been saying for some time.  The Senator from Kentucky pointed out my service on the Intelligence Committee. I think Senator Feinstein and I are two of the five longest serving members in the committee's history. We didn't find out about bulk collection until it had been underway for quite some time because it was concealed from most members of the Intelligence Committee for several years. But given the fact that we began to see in 2006 and early 2007 what is at stake, this has been a fight that has been going on for 8 years.  An additional reason I appreciate the Senator from Kentucky being here now is that for these 8 years and multiple reauthorizations, it has always been the same pattern. It was almost like the night follows the day. Those who were in favor of dragnet surveillance and those who were in favor of the bulk collection program, in effect, wait until the very last minute and then they say: Oh, my goodness. It is a dangerous world. We have to continue this program just the way it is.  Well, I tell my colleague from Kentucky, and I know he shares my view on this, that there is no question that it is a very dangerous world. Anybody who has served on the Intelligence Committee, as I have for more than 14 years, and goes into those classified meetings on a weekly basis, does not walk out of there without the judgment that it is a very dangerous world. But what doesn't make sense is to be pursuing approaches that don't make us safer and compromise our liberties. That is what doesn't make sense.  Last year, along with my colleagues Senator Heinrich and Senator Mark Udall, I filed a brief in a case that was before the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. It is an important court. It is one of the highest courts in our country.  In the brief, we said we ``have reviewed this surveillance extensively and have seen no evidence that the bulk collection of Americans' phone records has provided any intelligence of value that could not have been gathered through means that caused far less harm to the privacy interests of millions of Americans.''  What we are talking about, in effect, are conventional approaches with respect to court orders and then there are emergency circumstances. So when the government believes it has to act to protect the American people, it can move quickly and then, in effect, come back and settle up later.  The conclusion we reached after reviewing bulk collection very carefully was based on 8 years' worth of work, and of course we recently had this court declare bulk collection to be illegal.  My first question is, Does the Senator from Kentucky agree there is no evidence that dragnet surveillance now makes America any safer?  