President, first of all, I wish for colleagues to know that I think Chairman Hatch has made some very important points with respect to the currency issue and for colleagues to know that the approach of the chairman and me is to make sure we can have tough, enforceable currency rules without doing damage to American monetary policy or the ability to fight big economic challenges in the days ahead that we think would come about with the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. Portman.  By the way, I want colleagues to know that currency is going to be in the Customs conference. Chairman Hatch and I have discussed this pointas well. We felt very strongly about making sure there is a Customs conference that goes right to the heart of the enforcement agenda. In that Customs conference--and the chairman and I have been able to secure a commitment from the President and from Chairman Ryan--that Customs conference is going to take place right when we get back. The President of the United States indicated last night that he wants us to get this done in June. So we are going to have a chance to tackle currency in that conference. Senator Bennet worked closely with the chairman and I so we got something in the committee that we thought was a smart, practical step. The chairman and I are talking today about something that is also strong and enforceable that would not produce the downside I have outlined.  So I want colleagues to understand there is an opportunity, particularly on the currency issue, very quickly, to put in place very tough, practical rules that get us the upside in terms of protecting the American economy without some of the downsides I have outlined and that Chairman Hatch has described as well.  What I want to do particularly this morning is, given yesterday, talk about some of the very positive developments we saw yesterday. I wish to express my appreciation to Chairman Hatch again for working closely with me on these issues.  I will start by talking about Senator Menendez. Senator Menendez, as do many of us, feels very strongly about human trafficking, about compelled labor, about commercial sex. He has made it very clear he wants to stop trafficking and he wants us to come up with a fresh policy. So he offered an amendment in the Finance Committee and it passed. All over the press for the next few days--and Chairman Hatch remembers this--were accounts: Poison pill is going to end the possibility of finding a way forward on the trade promotion act. The headlines were everywhere. The general view in the press was Western civilization was about to end because of the adoption of the Menendez amendment.  Well, Senator Menendez believes in legislating. He believes what we ought to be doing when there are important issues, contentious issues--that we need to find a way to bring everyone together. So what Senator Menendez did--and I was very pleased to be able to play a modest role in this--is he brought together all of the groups. He brought together the administration, the U.S. Trade Representative, and outstanding organizations that fight trafficking and, without any headlines and without any drama, did the nuts-and-bolts work to make sure that now we are going to have a new process. We are going to have a new process that ensures that the President is going to report to the Congress on the concrete steps the country takes to crack down on trafficking.  Now, it didn't make headlines this morning. It doesn't make headlines when you work with both sides and all the parties outside of the bright lights. But today we now have an opportunity to move forward, in a bipartisan way, on an issue that a couple of weeks ago was described as a poison pill, the end of TPA, causing the entire Senate to be paralyzed because it wouldn't be possible to move forward.  I bring this up only by way of saying that I hope today--and I am going to be here throughout the day trying to work with both sides to try to find a way to get amendments considered and to do as Senator Menendez did over the last 10 days or so to actually solve a problem and make it possible for us to up the ante against this plague of trafficking but also make it possible to move forward on this legislation.  I would also like to note that all this work went on when everyone understood that Senator Menendez has been opposed to the legislation and Chairman Hatch and I have been for it. But the idea was that both sides care about trying to fight trafficking. Both sides understood that if we worked together, there was an opportunity to really solve a problem.  In my view, Senator Menendez deserves great credit for doing what is the most important work in the Senate, legislating and trying to bring people together of disparate views. In doing so, what Senator Menendez accomplished was to show the country and the Senate that we can take another step for trade done right.  Trade done right is my vision of where we ought to go. We have heard about free trade and fair trade. What we want is trade done right. Because Senator Menendez was willing to put in all this time on his trafficking bill, we took, on a bipartisan basis, an issue that was a poison pill whenever it was discussed just about anywhere in the country and we turned it into a better approach to fight trafficking. We were able to advance the cause of being able to move forward, and I look forward to seeing that passed.  A second area where we made a lot of progress yesterday was on enforcing our trade laws. Particularly important about this, because virtually every time I have ever talked about promoting trade--pretty important in my State where one out of five jobs depends on trade--I have said that passing new trade agreements and doing a better job of enforcing the trade laws are two sides of the same coin. The reason I reached that judgment was because of what a number of skeptics about this issue brought up--and I think it is a legitimate concern--which is: Why is everybody in Washington, DC, talking about new trade laws when they are not doing everything to enforce the laws we have on the books? Chairman Hatch and I talked about this many times and both of us agreed we needed a robust enforcement package.  We were able to get important measures into our Finance bill--measures that were sought by a number of our colleagues. Senator Brown had a number of provisions. I was particularly interested in what is called the ENFORCE Act. This is something I developed back when I was chair of the trade subcommittee.  We had put together a sting operation to catch scofflaws overseas who were trying to avoid our trade laws. In effect, what they were doing was merchandise laundering. They would be found to be in violation of our dumping or our trade rules in one country and they would just move to another and try to move it through another nation, and we caught them on it. Many parties responded to the sting operation saying: We are in. We are anxious to stop this merchandise laundering. So I don't take a backseat to anybody in terms of enforcing our trade laws.  So after Chairman Hatch and I got that through the Finance Committee, the second step was we had a separate vote in the Senate on a very strong Customs and Enforcement package. That was step No. 2. But at that time, a number of observers said: Well, nothing is going to happen. It got passed here in the Senate, but that bill is not going anywhere, not going to happen. That is the end of the topic.  Chairman Hatch and I, working together with Chairman Ryan, said: Of course we are going to have a conference. We feel very strongly about this. So we put out a statement earlier in this week saying: You bet there is going to be a conference in June, and we are committed to getting this done.  Chairman Ryan has indicated that he is going to take each of the trade bills--all four of them--up on the same day in the other body. He is going to pass them all, and then we will have a conference. After that happened, I was told that, well, that sounds good, but we are still not going to have much. Is the administration going to be for it?  So, yesterday, in consultation with Chairman Hatch and myself and others, the President put out a very strong statement explicitly stating what he wanted in that conference, and he wanted it in June. He talked again about Senator Brown's measures, 301, the level playing field, and the ENFORCE Act. I was very pleased he mentioned child labor.  So a tough, strong enforcement package is going to happen. I am going to insist on it. Chairman Hatch has pledged to me he is going to insist on it. It is going to happen. All of that was essentially nailed down in the last 24 hours.  So two big issues, two very significant issues, which were both considered to be show-stoppers: The Menendez amendment, fixed. All the headlines about poison pills, no longer valid. Senator Menendez has fixed it.  Chairman Hatch, to his credit, has been willing to work with me and with the President. We are going to have astrong enforcement package and we are going to have it in June and it is going to become law as part of the Customs conference.  The Senate spent a lot of time yesterday debating an important issue, which is the future of the Export-Import Bank. I want to thank my Pacific Northwest colleague and friend Senator Cantwell for all of her leadership--all of her leadership over the years--in trying to renew the Export-Import Bank. She has been the one who has pointed out: If you have trade laws, which we are trying to promote with the trade promotion act, but you aren't using the tools that you need to get the maximum value--wring the maximum value out of those new laws--you are missing opportunities that are important for our Nation. So I urge the majority leader to work closely with Senator Cantwell to make that happen.  Finally, I have been pleased to see a robust debate on a number of issues, particularly issues that have been important to Senator Warren and Senator Brown. What I have said from the very beginning and what I am going to be here all day working on is this: There are Senators who feel strongly about promoting the trade promotion act; there are Senators who are opposed to it. I am obviously for the agreement, but every single day I am looking for opportunities for both sides to be heard and to be able to advance their ideas. It started long before we actually had votes in the Senate Finance Committee, and it is going to continue every single day that I have the opportunity to serve in the Senate.  These are important issues. I thought it was particularly important that Senator Warren's investor-state provision be able to get a vote early on in the proceeding--obviously an issue that there has been great debate on--and there are many more important amendments to this package.  So I want colleagues on both sides of the aisle to know I am going to be here throughout the day--throughout the day--looking for ways that all Senators, whether they are for the agreement or against the agreement, will have an opportunity to have their priorities considered on this trade legislation.  I will just wrap up, colleagues, by way of saying that the reason this issue is so important is we debate continually about how to get more high-wage jobs in our country. Continually we debate that because we want higher wages for our constituents. The evidence is that trade jobs pay better than do the nontrade jobs. We need more of them.  There was a report this morning that my State has a significant trade surplus, and we are very proud of that. There are other States that don't. Let's promote legislation that allows us to secure more exports, particularly in the developing world, where there are going to be a billion middle-class consumers in 2025. We want them to ``Buy American,'' because when they do, it creates the opportunity for us to have more of those export value-added, high-productivity jobs that pay our workers better wages and that strengthen our middle class.  It is going to be a busy day, and I look forward to working, again, with both sides so Senators, whether they are for the TPA or whether they are against it, feel they have a chance to raise their issues and be treated fairly.  With that, I yield the floor.  