 What this means is the people of Alabama, Iowa, Oregon, and everywhere else could come to one of our townhall meetings, have the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement in our lap, and ask questions of their elected representatives about a trade agreement for close to 4 months before it was voted on here or in the other body.  I am going to have to leave for a meeting to talk again about how we are going to see if we can find some common ground, but I do want to address one other point that my colleague made, and that deals with this question of middle-class wages.  My colleague and I agree completely that middle-class people are hurting. There is no question about it. We have millions of middle-class people in this country walking an economic tightrope, balancing their food bill against their fuel bill and their fuel bill against their housing bill--no question about that.  The difference of opinion here, between two Senators who enjoy each other's company, is that my colleague from Alabama says the principal problem is trade--that trade is the reason for this. Respectfully, the data from the Department of Commerce shows that export jobs--which is the focus of this bill and the focus of trade done right--pay better than do the nontrade jobs because they have a value-added kind of benefit to them. That is why--and I note for my friend from Alabama, who cares a great deal about the steel industry--the steel industry sent a letter to Chairman Hatch and me saying they were for this. The American steel industry sent a letter to Chairman Hatch and me saying they were for this because they know this is connected to producing more high-skilled, high-wage jobs, particularly in manufacturing, where my State is a leader.  So the question then becomes this: What are the big challenges? Certainly, technology is one, and globalization is one. Chairman Hatch and I have talked about flawed tax policy. I think it is particularly ominous that the tax breaks go for shipping jobs overseas rather than rewarding the manufacturers and those who produce what I call ``red, white, and blue'' jobs.  But during the time that I have here on the floor, I am going to be talking about the differences between this trade promotion act proposal and the last one of 2002. Nothing could illustrate the differences more than the new requirements for transparency and opportunity for the American people to weigh in. The facts are that, as a result of what Chairman Hatch and the Finance Committee have put together, the American people, before a vote is cast--before a vote is cast on a trade agreement here on the floor of the Senate or on the floor of the other body, the American people are going to have those trade agreements in their hands for pretty close to 4 months.  If my colleague wants to ask a question, I am happy to yield my time to him.  