I will wrap up and then give the last word to my friend from New Mexico on the subject. He is absolutely right that some of the most authoritative leaders in our country--experts on terror--have reached the same judgment we have. I made mention of the President's Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies, and I really would encourage colleagues who are following this debate and citizens across the country--that report is available online, and it is available in our office. Page 104 of that report is very explicit. It says that the information that would otherwise be obtained in collecting all of these phone records--millions of phone records of law-abiding Americans, people such as Mike Morell, former Acting Director of the CIA, and Richard Clark, who served in two administrations--they said it could have been obtained through conventional processes.  This is a program that is not making us safer. And it is not my judgment that ought to be the last word; it should be that of people like those I just quoted.  The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board's report on the telephone records program said pretty much the same thing:       [T]he Section 215 program has shown minimal value in      safeguarding the nation from terrorism. Based on the      information provided to the Board, including classified      briefings and documentation, we have not identified a single      instance involving a threat to the United States in which the      program made a concrete difference in the outcome of a      counterterrorism investigation.  I will close by way of saying--and I touched on this before my friend from New Mexico arrived--I would like to do a lot more than I believe is likely to happen here quickly in the Senate. I do want to see us finally throw in the dustbin of history this bulk phone records collection program because it doesn't make us safer and it compromises our liberty. But, as I indicated to my friend from New Mexico, I would also like to close this backdoor search loophole in the FISA Act, which is going to be a bigger problem in the days ahead given the evolution of communications systems and how they have become globally integrated.  I will close by saying that one of the most important issues we are going to have to tackle in the days ahead is going to deal with encryption. Encryption, of course, is the encoding of data and messages so that they cannot be easily read. The reason this will be an enormously important issue--and my colleague and I have talked about this--is because of the NSA overreach, the collection of all these phone records of law-abiding people. A lot of our most innovative, cutting-edge companies have found their customers raising real questions about whether their products can be used safely, and a lot of the purchasers who buy their products around the world are saying: Maybe we shouldn't trust them. Maybe we should try to start taking control over their servers and have local storage requirements and that sort of thing. So what our companies did, because they saw the effect of the overreach by the NSA, was they started to use encryption to protect the data and messages of the consumers who buy their products.  Most recently, the head of the FBI, Mr. Comey, rather than try to come back with a solution that protected both our privacy and our security, he said he was interested in requiring companies to build weaknesses into their products. Just think about that--requiring companies to build weaknesses into their products. So the government--which, in effect, caused this problem with the overreach--in effect, rather than trying to find a solution that worked for both security and liberty, said: We will start talking about requiring companies to actually build weaknesses into their products.  I and others have pointed out that once you do that, hang on to your hat. When the good guys have the keys, that is one thing, but when companies are required to build weaknesses into their products, the bad guys are going to get the keys in a hurry, too. And with all the cyber hacking and the risks we already have, we ought to be really careful about going where Mr. Comey, our FBI Director, has proposed to go.  But that is not for tonight. Tonight is not an occasion where we will be able to, on a bipartisan basis, close the backdoor-search loophole or where we will be able to come up with a sensible policy with respect to encryption rather than requiring companies to actually build weaknesses in their products. We will not be able to do that tonight. But we will now have a chance here in the Senate to take steps that have been bipartisan both here in the Senate and in the other body, in the House of Representatives, to end the bulk phone records collection program because it doesn't make us safer and it threatens our liberties.  I always like to close by thinking about Ben Franklin, who said that anybody who gives up their liberty to have security really doesn't deserve either.  I am so pleased to have a chance to serve with my colleague from New Mexico on the Intelligence Committee, who is going to be a thoughtful advocate for these kinds of policies, in my view, for many years to come. I thank him for his involvement tonight and would be happy to give him the last word of our colloquy at this time.  I yield to my colleague.  