I have been talking to the staff of both the Finance Committee and the Budget Committee, and frankly it is a real head-scratcher because it appears that our colleague from Wisconsin is seeking to bring back the so-called grandfathered health plans that existed between 2010 and the end of 2013. We are still trying to sort through this, but at this point it looks to me like something of a health care Frankenstein. It seeks to bring the dead back to life by having all those plans that were grandfathered on December 31, 2013, and died on that date magically brought back to life by the Senator from Wisconsin. Many of the plans that were in existence on December 31, 2013, don't exist anymore. Plans continually change. Plans also changed in 2014, and they changed again in the beginning of 2015.  I am a U.S. Senator who believes very strongly in the role of the marketplace in American health care, but it seems to me that the amendment by the Senator from Wisconsin, as it is written, distorts marketplace forces. Knowing the Senator from Wisconsin as I do, I can't believe that would be his intent. We have been reviewing this amendment, and our understanding is that this amendment reflects an approach to private insurance that is not the way private insurance in America works.  I again come back to my desire to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle and to work in a bipartisan fashion on health care. That is what the distinguished chairman of the Judiciary Committee did over an 18-month period when he was working with me on pharmaceutical issues. Yesterday, we issued an exhaustive report together that was bipartisan. What we were seeking to do was to make sure that the wonderful cures that are going to be coming to America to address horrendous illnesses will also be ones that will be affordable and accessible.  The important point is that this is bipartisan, and that is the way the big health care issues have historically been dealt with. But I don't see how you can turn back the clock on the health insurance market and somehow bring a dead period back to life. Plans change. That is the nature of the private insurance market. That is the way private insurance in America works.  I am sure we are going to have some more conversations about that, but I do want colleagues to know that at this point, I will have to oppose the amendment offered by the Senator from Wisconsin because I just don't see how we are going to take, as I said, health plans that died and bring them back to life.  With that, I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  