President, I appreciate greatly the kind remarks of my colleague from New Jersey about my role in all of this. I do not want to make this a bouquet-tossing contest, but I do want the Senate to know and I want the country to know how important it has been that Senator Menendez has led this charge.  As my colleague noted, human rights advocates, those who have been in the trenches in the fight against trafficking, have come together to work with us. Senator Menendez, since our debate in the committee, has led this fight. At that time, colleagues, the committee approved an important amendment to ensure that trade agreements with countries that drop the ball on trafficking get no special privileges here in the Congress.  The reason that my colleague has put all of this time and energy and passion into it is that he understands--everyone here, Democrats and Republicans--that human trafficking is a plague that must be fought at every opportunity. So what Senator Menendez and I have done over the last few weeks is to work together to try to find a practical way to further improve the language in this original amendment.  What these alterations--really improvements--are going to do is to create a new process by which the President will report to the Congress on the concrete, specific steps other countries are taking to crack down on trafficking. I think--and we just got their statement--the Alliance to End Slavery and Trafficking, one of the leading groups that has been fighting this scourge the hardest, has just summed up--I just got this a few minutes ago--what the Menendez effort is all about. A test, the organization has called it, and I quote here, and describes it as a ``positive step forward'' in the fight to combat human trafficking.  When we take their statement with the fact that Senator Menendez has brought the State Department on board, I think with what we are showing--and this has been a major theme, frankly, of what I have sought to do over these many months, negotiating with Chairman Hatch and colleagues, is to try to make sure that we come up with policies that demonstrate that there is a new era of trade policy afoot, a new era when trade is done right.  Because of the good work of my colleague from New Jersey, the amendment that we will be offering here, under my colleague's leadership, is a demonstration that we can do trade right, that we can do everything possible to eradicate this plague that so many around the world have mobilized to address. I congratulate my colleague for his efforts. Colleagues should note that this would not have happened had it not been for Senator Menendez.  This was a matter that certainly colleagues felt very strongly about. People said: Oh, the whole debate is over. It cannot be resolved. Senator Menendez said: There is a way to bring people together. I congratulate my colleaguefor putting this together. I look forward to voting on it later tonight, I hope.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Ayotte). The clerk will call the roll.  The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  