 I note my colleague has been on his feet now for somewhere in the vicinity of 9 hours, so I think we are heading into the home stretch. For people who are listening, I think they really are first and foremost interested in how this Senate, on a bipartisan basis, can come up with policies that ensure that we both protect our privacy and our security. As my colleague said, they are not mutually exclusive.  So I think what I would like to do is wrap up my questioning tonight by talking about how this bulk phone record collection and related practices is an actual intrusion on liberty, and to start the conversation, you have to first and foremost get through this whole concept of metadata. We heard people say: What is the big deal about metadata? And for quite some time we had Senators saying: What is everybody upset about? This is just ``innocent metadata.''  Well, metadata, of course, is data about data, but it is not quite so innocent. If you know who someone calls, when that person calls, and for how long they talk, that reveals a lot of private information. Personal relationships, medical concerns, religious or political affiliations are just several of the possibilities. Most people that I talk to don't exactly like the government vacuuming up private information if those persons have done nothing wrong. Now, this is especially true if the phone records include information about the location and movements of everyone with a cell phone. And we have not gotten into this in the course of this evening, but I want to take just a minute because I think, again, it highlights what the implications are.  I have repeatedly pushed the intelligence agencies to publicly explain what they think the rules are for secretly turning American cell phones into tracking devices. They have now said that the NSA is not collecting that information today, but they also say the NSA may need to do so in the future. And General Alexander, in particular, failed in a public hearing to give straight answers about what plans the NSA has made in the past.  Now, to be clear, I don't think the government should be electronically tracking Americans' movements without a warrant. What is particularly troubling to me is there is nothing in the PATRIOT Act in addition that limits this sweeping bulk collection authority to phone records. Government officials can use the PATRIOT Act to collect, collate, and retain medical records, financial records, library records, gun purchase records--you name it. Collecting that information in bulk, in my view, would have a very substantial impact on the privacy of ordinary Americans.  I want to be clear, I am not saying this is what is happening today, but I want to make equally clear this is what the government could do in the future. So my question, as my colleague, who has been on his feet for a long time, moves to begin to wrap up his comments this evening, I would like my colleague's thoughts on the impact of NSA collection of bulk records on innocent Americans. I also would be interested in his views with respect to why we have not been able to get the government to give straight answers about the tracking of the location and movements of Americans with cell phones that took place in the past. I would be interested in my colleague's thoughts on those two points.  