And we have, in effect, found our way into this ominous cul-de-sac that the Senator from Kentucky and I have been describing here this afternoon really because of secret law.  As I wrap up with this question and hearing the concern of my colleague--because I think that is what is at the heart of his question, that ``secret law'' is what the interpretation is in the intelligence community of the laws written by the Congress. Very often those secret interpretations are very different from what an American will read if they use their iPad or their laptop. For example, on section 215, bulk phone records collection, I don't think very many people in Kentucky or Oregon took out their laptop, read the PATRIOT Act, and said: Oh, that authorizes collecting all the phone records on millions of law-abiding Americans.  There is nothing that even suggests something like that, but that was a secret interpretation.  So I am very glad the Senator from Kentucky has chosen to have us wrap up at least this part of our discussion with the questions that we have directed to each other on this question of secret law because, as my colleague from Kentucky and I have talked about, we both feel that operations of the intelligence community--what are called sources and methods--they absolutely have to be secret and classified because if they are not, Americans could die. Patriotic Americans who work in the intelligence community could suffer grievous harm if sources and methods and the actual operations were in some way leaked to the public. But the law should never be secret. The American people should always know what the law means. And yet, with respect to bulk collection and why that court decision was so important, what happened was that a program that had been kept secret, that had been propped up by secret law, was declared illegal by an important court.  So I will just wrap up by way of saying that the Senator from Kentucky and I have always done a little kidding over the years about our informal Ben Franklin caucus. Ben Franklin was always talking about how anybody who gave up their liberty to have security really deserves neither.  I just want to tell my colleague that I am very appreciative of his involvement in this. From the time my colleague came to the Senate, he has been a very valuable ally in this effort. My colleague recognized this was not about balance. This is a program that doesn't make us safer but compromises our liberty. It is not about balance. And at page 104, you can read that the President's own advisers say that.  So I am very pleased that the informal Ben Franklin caucus is back in action this afternoon. I look forward to working closely with my colleagues on this. As I indicated by my question, I expect we will be back on the floor of this wonderful body before long having to once again tackle this question of whether it ought to be just business as usual and a re-up of a flawed law. My colleague and I aren't going to accept that.  I thank him for his work today. These discussions and being on your feet hour after hour are not for the fainthearted. I appreciate my colleague's leadership, and I once again yield the floor back to him.  