  That is not the only problem with this bill. Monsanto was very thorough in the number of loopholes they included. Here is of the third one. The bill prohibits basic enforcement of its own provisions. I know you are thinking it cannot be true that, unlike every other labeling requirement we have which has penalties if you don't participate in it according to the rules, this law has no penalties. Well, I am sorry to say that is the case. There are no penalties in this bill. Isn't that amazing? Even if you ignore this bill completely, the U.S. Department of Agriculture doesn't have the power to tell you not to sell your food in the grocery stores. It doesn't have the power to tell you to recall your products from the grocery stores. It doesn't have the power to levy a fine on you, no. Here is the only thing that comes close to being a penalty in this bill. It says the U.S. Department of Agriculture can audit to determine whether you are complying, and they can release the results of that audit to the public.  So if you choose to not proceed in any way to adhere to this law, you get an audit, and the Department, after a long period of time, says: Well, OK, we are telling the public we audited you and you are not compliant with the law. And you say: Oh, my goodness. That really worries me.  Of course, it wouldn't worry you at all. No civil fine, no impact on the distribution of your products, no recall of your product, no teeth. This is like the old man whose teeth have all fallen out, and all they can do is gum the food. That is what this law is like. They can just kind of gum a little bit, which doesn't worry anyone.  It is kind of amazing the three levels of complete protection Monsanto incorporated into this bill--the three levels of completely betraying the American public, those 9 out of 10 Americans who want a very simple, a very simple label on their food products. Let me put it another way on this enforcement provision. This bill would create the first and only food label without a fine for violators--the first and only food label without a fine for violators.  We have had other food label requirements. I mentioned one that if you have farmed fish, you have to put a label on it that it has been farmed rather than wild caught, and you sell it in a grocery store.  We can look at another that is called COOL, C-O-O-L, country-of-origin labeling. COOL is something that has disappeared from the American lawbooks. It has disappeared because of a trade agreement called WTO, the World Trade Organization, something the United States signed up to. In this World Trade Organization, someone can complain that your requirements for disclosure inhibit the entry of their products into the market. So various countries complained that labeling meat, chicken, or pork and beef, specifically--labeling them would unfairly prejudice people against buying their out-of-country beef or their out-of-country pork. I will tell you something. I want to live in a country where an American citizen who wants to support American ranchers can make that decision when they buy their beef, when they buy their steak, when they buy their pork chops. That should be the right of every consumer to choose to buy a product grown in America by red, white, and blue American ranchers.  But we signed a trade agreement that gave away our sovereignty on this issue to an international tribunal, an international tribunal that has no stake in the future of America. It has no stake in our vision, our ``we the people'' Republic. We gave away our sovereignty and that court said: No, that discriminates. They didn't see it as the consumer right to choose, as simply information that would be provided, no. They said that discriminates and therefore we are striking down the American law.  Our law, our COOL law--it wasn't struck down by a vote on the floor of the Senate, it wasn't struck down by some amendment slipped into a last-minute bill over in the House, it wasn't struck down because a coalition of American ranchers wanted to strike it down, it was struck down by a court that had no foundation in America, but we were controlled by it because we gave away our sovereignty.  By the way, that is something we should be very concerned about when thinking about the Trans-Pacific Partnership because that can have an impact as well on the flow of goods, and I might just take a while to address that, but right now what I wanted to convey is before the WTO court struck down our country-of-origin labeling law, there were teeth in that law, teeth that we put in the law, teeth that were put into the law on the floor of the Senate and on the floor of the House. It provided a fine if you didn't comply. You had to label where the meat was grown. That was great because it meant that people followed the law. But in this case do we have the same fine structure that was in country-of-origin labeling or that affects other provisions like, for example, labeling fish as wild? No, we don't.  We even require labeling as to whether juice is fresh squeezed or reconstituted. Why is that? Because the consumer wants to know, and it is their right to know. In fact, this belief that the consumer right to know about the food they put in their mouth is so powerful--so powerful--that the advocates for this bill put forward the idea that this actually provides that information, that it actually labels it when it doesn't, when it doesn't say it is a GMO product, but it is a kind of testimony as to how powerful that consumer concern is. So there we are with these three fundamental loopholes in this bill that serve Monsanto very well.  You can see now why this is simply a repackaged version of the earlier DARK Act, the Deny Americans the Right to Know Act. That is why some have called this the DARK Act 2.0, because it is simply a rehashing of what we saw previously.  This is representational. It is a quote from a letter to Senators from a group of 76 pro-organic organizations and farmer groups. They are writing specifically about this act we have before us tonight, the DARK Act 2.0, that we will be voting on tonight--this act that tonight we will be voting on that takes away the power of States to put the type of label on the package that consumers want across this entire country.  This is what they said: ``We oppose the bill because it is actually a non-labeling bill under the guise of a mandatory labeling bill.''  Well, who are these organizations? Let's just give them their opportunity to be recognized.  The Center for Food Safety, Food & Water Watch, the Abundance Cooperative Market, the Beyond Pesticides, the BioSafety Alliance, the Cedar Circle Farm & Education Center, the Central Park West CSA, Citizens for GMO Labeling, Crop CSA, Crush Wine & Spirits, Dr. Bronner's, the East New York Farms, the Empire State Consumer Project, the Family Farm Defenders, Farm Aid, Food Democracy Now, Foundation Earth, Friends of the Earth, Genesis Farm, the GMO Action Alliance, GMO Free NY, GMO Free USA, GMO Inside, Good Earth Natural Foods, iEatGreen, the Institute for Responsible Technology, the International Center for Technology Assessment, Katchkie Farm, the Institute for Responsible Technology, the International Center for Technology Assessment, the Institute for Responsible Technology, the Keep the Soil in Organic Coalition, Diesel Lane Farm, Kezialain Farm, the LIC Brewery, Maine Organic Farmers and Gardeners Association, the Midwest Organic & Sustainable Education Service, Miskell's Premium Organics, Moms Across America, the National Family Farm Coalition, the National Organic Coalition, Nature's Path, the Nine Mile Market, the Non-GMO Project.  I am reading all these names to convey how, within just a few days, just a short period of time in which this bill has been brought to this floor in a fashion that completely bypassed committee process in the U.S. Senate, how many have responded. I am only partway through this list so we will giverespect and voice to all of these organizations: Nutiva, the Northeast Organic Dairy Producers Alliance, the Northeast Organic Farming Association, the Northeast Organic Farming Association of New York, the Northeast Organic Farming Association of New Hampshire, the Northeast Organic Farming Association of Vermont, NYC H2O, Oregon Right to Know, the Organic Consumers Association, the Organic Farmers' Agency for Relationship Marketing, the Organic Seed Growers and Trade Association, Our Family Farms, PCC Natural Markets, the Pesticide Action Network North America, Presence Marketing, Regeneration Vermont, the Riverside-Salem United Church of Christ/Disciples of Christ, Rodale Institute, the Rural Advancement Foundation International, Rural Vermont, the Sierra Club, Slow Food California, Slow Food Hudson Valley, Slow Food North Shore, Slow Food USA, Soil Not Oil Coalition, Sunnyside CSA, the Cornucopia Institute, the Organic & Non-GMO Report, the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, Vermont Public Interest Research Group, Vermont Right to Know GMOs Coalition, and Wood Prairie Farm.  Now, if this bill had gone to committee, there would have been people coming to testify pro and against this all-new definition put here on the Senate floor with no review. They would have analyzed it. They would have educated Members of the Senate about why this new definition was included in the bill. Senators would have been able to ask questions directly of the sponsors, such as, when did you decide to use a definition that excludes the major products from GMO Monsanto crops in America? When did you decide to do that? They could have asked the question: Why did you decide to do it?  Doesn't this mislead the public--pretending to cover GMO products but slipping in a definition that excludes the big three in America--the GMO soybeans, the GMO corn, and the GMO sugar beets? Isn't that a little misleading? They could have asked that question if there had been a committee hearing on this definition. And, in fact, they could have explored it further and asked: Why not use one of the definitions from the 64 countries around the world that have a mandatory GMO labeling bill that actually covers what most people consider to be GMO products?  In fact, here is an interesting point about the definition included in this bill. This definition speaks about recombinant DNA--genetic modification through recombinant DNA--but there is a new technique called CRISPR that changes the genetic code with a completely different technology. Why isn't that included, or would it be included? That is a reasonable thing to ask. What about other new techniques for modifying genetic code? Someone might have asked: Why not include those future techniques rather than excluding them?  In fact, if this definition had been examined in committee, we could have asked another question about something I referred to earlier, which was a second loophole in the definition. But before we talk about that, remember that we looked at the first part of this, which said that it has to contain genetic material. I have already explained how it is that the major products--the oil, high-fructose corn syrup, sugar from genetically modified plants--don't actually contain genetic materials. That is a big loophole.  If this bill had been in committee, my sincere colleagues exploring this could have asked about this second piece of the definition that says that it only refers to a food as ``bioengineered'' if the modification could not otherwise be obtained through conventional breeding or found in nature. Well, that is very interesting. Why is that in the bill? Is that designed to allow a genetically modified plant, under this provision, to be considered nongenetically modified because it might possibly have been obtained through conventional breeding or is found in nature? I don't know why this was included because there has never been a hearing on this definition.  So here we are, violating a major premise that Americans believe--Americans who are Republicans, who are Democrats, who are Independents. That major premise is that they have a right to know what is in the food they put into their mouths. And this says: Well, you know what, we are not going to define it as GMO, even if it is genetically modified, if it could possibly be found in nature.  I would love to know exactly what executive came up with this phrase and what product they are trying to protect, but we don't know because no one will tell us. I would be interested in having Senator Roberts, who leads the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, come and tell us where this phrase came from, who suggested it, and why it was suggested.  I will tell you what it makes me think of. I talked earlier about the fact that with the massive application of glyphosate weedkiller across America--in a moment, I will show you how much of an increase there has been--with that massive application on millions of acres across this country, so many weeds have been exposed that, slowly, genetic mutations in the weeds that make the weeds naturally resistant to glyphosate have, in fact, started to spread because those are the weeds that can reproduce because they are not killed by the glyphosate. So we have this growth in superweeds, essentially through natural selection driven by this massive application of weedkiller. Can one say, therefore, that we now have resistance to glyphosate found in nature? We find it in the weeds. The weeds haven't been genetically modified; they have been modified through the driving force of millions of tons of weedkiller applied across America. The natural mutations that occur in nature have slowly started to spread as those weeds survive and reproduce. So is this another way of saying that the GMO crops--the Monsanto big three--are not actually GMO because they are resistant to glyphosate and can be found in nature? It sure sounds like that is what is going on here.  There is something interesting here as well. This first loophole, which says ``contains genetic material'' only provides a free pass for the derivatives of the big three crops. By that, I mean the soybean oil that comes from GMO soybean, the sugar that comes from GMO sugar, and the high-fructose syrup that comes from GMO corn. But this second loophole here could be a way of saying that even the GMO corn itself, if you were to eat it as corn on the cob, wouldn't be GMO because it is resistant to glyphosate and is found in nature. I am not sure if that is what drove this because there was no committee hearing; there was no explanation; there was no investigation; there was no testing of what is here.  I made reference to the fact that the massive application of glyphosate is, in fact, changing what is happening in America and producing superweeds, but I thought it would be useful to show how much that has changed.  This chart shows a couple of things. First, let's look at the increased use of glyphosate--and that is Monsanto's Roundup product. It was introduced around 1994 here, and we are talking about 7.4 million, I believe that was--I want to read the notes to be sure I have it right. It is pounds or tons. I thought it was 7.4 million tons. I may be wrong. I may have to come back and correct that. But you can see that as the distribution of GMO seed for sugar beets and corn and soybeans spread across America, the application of this weedkiller increased enormously, until in 2012 we are up to 158.9 million--and I believe that is tons, but I will have to check. It is a massive amount of weedkiller being sprayed all across America.  This note is from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. They say:       The wide-scale adoption of herbicide-resistant corn and soy      crops has drastically changed the agricultural landscape.      This resistance enables broad and non-targeted application of      herbicides that indiscriminately kills vegetation growing      around farm fields and in nearby habitat, including Milkweed.  That is a statement from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service dated April 25, 2015.  And we see here this massive increase in the application of weedkiller. That certainly supports what the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is saying. When they are referring to the fact that the spray affects nearby habitat, that reflects that this spray drifts in the wind and it affects weeds off the field, and one of the things it affects is milkweed. Milkweed is the foundational support plant, thefoundational food for the monarch butterfly. So we see a massive decrease in the monarch butterfly populations. A high here in 1997. In 1997 there was very little glyphosate being applied, and then there was a massive increase, and by the time we get out here--and we don't have 2013, 2014, 2015, but if we did have it, we would see high bars as well--we see the monarch population crashing. Sometimes we use the word ``decimation,'' meaning one-tenth of a population, but this is in the more broad use of the term because it is far more than a reduction to one-tenth. It is more reduction than that. It is a smaller fraction from this high in 1997 on down to 2015. So that certainly is the case.  Mr. President, I think this would be a good moment to take a pause and reserve the remainder of my time.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sasse). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  