President, I rise today to share some flashbacks for throwback Thursdays, if we want to call it that, with regard to ObamaCare.  There have been a lot of speeches made about ObamaCare recently. Specifically, I want to look at the facts about ObamaCare, as we all know them now, more than 6 years after it was signed into law--6 long years--and remind the country what the President and my colleagues across the aisle promised all of us when they pushed this bill through the Congress. I say ``push'' because it passed without one single Republican vote and certainly not mine.  First, the reality. All summer long, we have read the headlines about drastic premium increases being requested, insurers pulling out from different States, and patients being caught in the middle.  My State of Kansas has not been immune. Last year, UnitedHealthcare announced it would leave our State. Aetna was going to start offering coverage next year and then announced a massive exit from exchange markets across the country, including Kansas. We were at risk of having just one insurer in many parts of the State, with no competition with regard to pricing.  In June, the State insurance department announced a proposed rate increase for next year. The good news: A new insurer, Medica, was proposing to offer coverage in Kansas. However, there is bad news. The bad news is that premiums could be increased by nearly 50 percent next year for some individuals in our State and I know in many other States. Last year, the highest approved increase was 24.5 percent. Next year's rates are still being finalized, but they could be double that.  Now let's throw it back. In 2013, President Obama said about the law that ``the result is more choice, more competition, real health care security.'' Today, however, we see less choice, less competition. And with insurers coming and going and rising premiums, I think Kansas families would agree they are not secure in their health care coverage. I don't know any State that is.  These are not just headlines in the paper or on the Internet; real folks back home are hurting. A nurse in Miltonvale, KS, wrote to me about what she calls the devastating effect ObamaCare is having on her patients and her loved ones. She says: ``I am very concerned that continuing along these lines will further limit care and accelerate a decline in health care in our state, as well as our nation.''  But, again, let's throw back to what we were initially promised. Way back on the campaign trail in 2008, then-Candidate Obama promised that he would enact health care reform which would lower a typical family's premium by $2,500 a year. I don't foresee any way those savings could be realized if a Kansan's premium is going to be up to over 40 percent, on top of about 25 percent last year.  Looking back to 2013, Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi said the implementation of this law was ``fabulous.'' Fabulous, indeed. This was, of course, before open enrollment started and the failed launch of the healthcare.gov Web site, which crashed.  More issues of concern to me have come from recent regulations that have been used to implement this law. This law has massive regulations. The law has 2,000 pages. We are now at over 10,000 pages of regulations.  The administration has proposed changing how they verify individuals as being eligible to receive taxpayer assistance for their premiums under thelaw. Discrepancies between what a person claims their income is and what is received from trusted data sources must now be off by 25 percent. Previously, it was 10 percent in order for the administration to investigate a possible fraud. So I guess you can be fraudulent up to 24.9 percent now. The administration should not be lowering the standard by which it verifies eligibility for folks to receive our scarce taxpayer dollars. It is unacceptable for implementation of this law to further burden taxpayers by failing to protect against fraud and abuse.  Another recent regulation gets at one of my biggest fears from the law's passage: the ability of the government to ration care. There were four provisions of this law that I believed would decrease individual choice and open the door to rationing, one of which was the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, CMMI. In March, this outfit passed a proposal to test, as the agency calls it, how we pay for prescription drugs for our seniors under Medicare Part B. Patient groups, doctors, and many of us in Congress are gravely concerned about how this test could affect the patient's quality of and access to care. As the Kansas Medical Society explained to me, this so-called demonstration ``will force Kansas Medicare beneficiaries with serious, sometimes life-threatening conditions to participate, disrupt their treatment processes, and impede their access to needed medications with no evidence of improved health outcomes or financial gains for the Medicare system.'' Such a so-called test is now allowable because of the rationing provisions of ObamaCare.  The law is simply not working for the large majority of Americans. Insurers are pulling out, citing large losses in covering the population of people who are seeking coverage on the exchanges. So Americans are left with fewer options in selecting their health care coverage, and, most concerning, they are paying more for it--a lot more.  Looking back to December of 2015 when this body sent legislation to the President's desk to repeal ObamaCare, the President's Statement of Administration Policy stated simply, ``The Affordable Care Act is Working.'' Yet, last month the President wrote in the Journal of the American Medical Association that ``too many Americans still strain to pay for their physician visits and prescriptions, cover their deductibles, or pay their monthly insurance bills.'' That is a true statement. I thank the President for waking up to this nightmare.  Despite his new revelation that the Affordable Care Act is, in fact, the unaffordable care act for most, the President and his party's candidate to succeed him say the answer is greater government control--a public option. Folks, that is government health care. That is what we are talking about. The failings of ObamaCare cannot be corrected with more government intervention, more restrictions, and more regulations.  We must triage the pain this law is inflicting on hard-working Americans. We must repeal and we must replace this law. I know that many colleagues will join me in continuing to work to provide freedom from its mandates and increased taxes to all and enact reforms to our health care system that will actually lower the cost of coverage and increase access to care for individuals.  Simply put, this law is failing. It is our job to correct it, and we will continue fighting to do so.  I was talking about this matter in the cloakroom just moments ago. Several of our Members have been very active in this whole endeavor to try to not only repeal but to replace this law, and they pause a little bit and say: You know, maybe this law was designed to fail. Maybe this law is so bad in terms of falling apart that people could not help but know that and then come in and say that the only thing we can now move to is national health care, government-run health insurance. If that is true, that is a 6-year effort with a lot of pain and suffering and in terms of political deceit, probably ranks right at the top.  We have to repeal this law. We have to replace it. We have to get to work. And we have to prevent further steps toward national health insurance.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  