President, I rise today as the Senate considers legislation on an issue that is critically important to our Nation's food supply. From our producers in the fields to our families purchasing food in the aisles of the grocery stores, without the Senate action we are considering today, this country will be hit with a wrecking ball that will disrupt the entire food chain. We need to act now to pass our amendment to S. 764.  This is a bipartisan--a bipartisan--approach that provides a permanent solution to the patchwork of biotechnology labeling laws that will wreak havoc on the flow of interstate commerce of agriculture and food products in our Nation's marketplace. That is what this is exactly about--the marketplace. It is not about safety. It is not about health or nutrition. It is about marketing. Science has proven again and again that the use of agriculture biotechnology is 100-percent safe.  The Senator from North Carolina, Mr. Tillis, provided on the floor just a moment ago that, in fact, the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry last year heard from the three Federal agencies tasked with regulating agriculture biotechnology--the USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Food and Drug Administration. Their work is based on sound science and is the gold standard for our policymaking, including this policy we are debating today--one of the most important food and agriculture decisions in recent decades. Many people say this issue is the biggest issue for agriculture in 20 years. I agree.  At our hearing, the Federal Government expert witnesses highlighted the steps their agencies have already taken to ensure that agriculture biotechnology is safe--safe for other plants, safe for the environment, and safe for our food supply. It was clear that our regulatory system ensures biotechnology crops are among the most tested in the history of agriculture. At the conclusion of the hearing, virtually all of the members of the Agriculture Committee were in agreement. Not one disagreed. Thus, it is clear that what we are facing today is not a safety or a health issue, despite claims by a couple of my colleagues on the Senate Floor. It is a market issue.  This is really a conversation about a few States dictating to every State the way food moves from farmers to consumers. This patchwork approach of mandates adds costs to national food prices. In fact, requiring changes in the production or on-package labeling of most of the Nation's food supply for a single State would impact citizens in each of our home States.  A recent study on the impact of an on-package label estimates that the cost to consumers could total as much as $82 billion annually--$82 billion--approximately $1,050 per hard-working American family. Let me repeat that. That is $1,050 per hardworking American family. Now is not the time for Congress to make food more expensive for anybody to eat or produce--not the consumer and certainly not the farmer.  Today's farmers are being asked to produce more safe and affordable food to meet the growing demands at home and around a very troubled and hungry world. At the same time, they are facing increased challenges to production, including limited land and water resources, uncertain weather patterns, and pest and disease issues.  Agricultural biotechnology has become a valuable tool in ensuring the success of the American farmer in meeting the challenge of increasing yield in a more efficient, safe, and responsible manner. In fact, thanks to modern agriculture technology, we have seen a 48-percent increase in corn yields. That is good for the farmer, that is good for the consumer, and that is good for a troubled and hungry world. There has been a 36-percent increase in soybean yields in the last 20 years. That is the value of agricultural biotechnology.  Now, I have also heard--and I do understand the concern--from some of my colleagues about consumers and available information about our food. Some consumers want to know more about ingredients. This is a good thing. Consumers should take an interest in their food, where it comes from, and the farmers and ranchers that produce their food.  This legislation puts forward policies that will help consumers find information--almost guaranteed. It does so without jeopardizing the technology upon which our farmers rely. More importantly, the legislation before us provides an immediate and comprehensive solution to the unworkable State-by-State patchwork of labeling laws. State consumer protection laws and anything beyond the wrecking ball that we see related to biotechnology labeling mandates are codified as exempt from preemption. We ensure that the solution to the State patchwork--one thing we can all agree upon--is effective.  The amendment focuses on human food that may or may not be bioengineered. We do not set up any new offices at the Department of Agriculture, and we minimize any impact on other agencies. Instead, we direct the Secretary to establish a uniform national disclosure standard through rulemaking. It sets national uniformity that allows for the free flow of interstate commerce, a power granted to Congress in the U.S. Constitution.  Let me point this out. The commerce clause in article I, section 8, clause No. 3, provides that ``the Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States and with the Indian Tribes.'' But note ``among the several states''--more than several States today.  This labeling uniformity is based on science and allows the value chain--from farmer to processor to shipper to retailer to consumer--to continue as the free market intended. To accomplish national uniformity, we crafted a mandatory disclosure requirement. We are talking about mandatory disclosure, not just labeling. The Senate bipartisan agreement is mandatory disclosure with several options--text on package, a symbol, or an electronic link to a Web site that Senator Tillis so aptly demonstrated. The legislation is clear that the link cannot include any text on the package that could be used to denigrate biotechnology. It will simply say: ``Scan here for more food information.''  We also allow for Web sites or telephone numbers to satisfy the requirement for small food manufacturers, and we completely exempt very small food manufacturers and restaurants from having to comply.  The disclosure requirement applies to food subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act labeling requirements as well as some meat and poultry products. We do not include alcohol, as those items are subject to labeling requirements under a different authority at the U.S. Treasury. In this respect, alcohol is similar to other food that is labeled under a different authority than the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.  The scope of this agreement includes human food, not animal feed. The language prohibits the Secretary from considering any food product derived from an animal to be bioengineered based only upon the animal eating bioengineered feed.  It is important, as with any Federal legislation on this topic, for Congress to consider scientific fact and unintended consequences. We include a safety statement. The agreement ensures that the regulations will treat bioengineered food the same as its nonbioengineered counterpart. We agree that these products have been found safe through the Federal regulatory review process.  I want to emphasize this, and I want my colleagues to understand this. This legislation has the support of more than 1,000 organizations--large and small--representing the entire food chain, and that number continues to grow every day. Never before in the history of the Senate Agriculture Committee--and, I would venture of anycommittee--have we seen such a coalition of constituents all united behind such an effort. Their message is clear: It is time for us to act. It is time for us to provide certainty in the marketplace. It is time for us to pass this amendment.  I appreciate the bipartisan support of those on the committee who joined me by voting to approve our committee bill, those who supported a solution in March, and those who voted to consider this agreement. We have again made significant changes to address the concerns of the ranking member and others. Now, we all must carry this across the finish line. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan approach and protect the safest, most abundant, and affordable food supply in the world.  Now, I want to say something else. I want to talk about the men and women whom the Agriculture Committee represents and whom everyone on the Agriculture Committee should champion and protect. I am going to describe that person to my colleagues on the floor, with reverence to Paul Harvey.       And on the 8th day, God looked down on his planned paradise      and said, ``I need a caretaker.'' So God made a farmer.       God said, ``I need somebody willing to get up before dawn,      milk cows, work all day in the fields, milk cows again, eat      supper and then go to town and stay past midnight at a      meeting of the school board.'' So God made a farmer.       ``I need somebody with arms strong enough to rustle a calf      and yet gentle enough to deliver his own grandchild. Somebody      to call hogs, tame cantankerous machinery, come home hungry,      have to wait on lunch until his wife's done feeding visiting      ladies and then tell the ladies to be sure and come back real      soon--and mean it.'' So God made a farmer.       God said, ``I need somebody willing to sit up all night      with a newborn colt. And watch it die. Then dry his eyes and      say, `Maybe next year.' I need somebody who can shape an ax      handle from a persimmon sprout, shoe a horse with a hunk of      car tire, who can make harness out of haywire, feed sacks and      shoe scraps. And who, planting time and harvest season, will      finish his forty-hour week by Tuesday noon, then, pain'n from      `tractor back,' put in another seventy-two hours.'' So God      made a farmer.       God had to have somebody willing to ride the ruts at double      speed to get the hay in ahead of the rain clouds and yet stop      in mid-field and race to help when he sees the first smoke      from a neighbor's place. So God made a farmer.       God said, ``I need somebody strong enough to clear trees      and heave bails, yet gentle enough to tame lambs and wean      pigs and tend the pink-combed pullets, who will stop his      mower for an hour to splint the broken leg of a meadow lark.      It had to be somebody who'd plow deep and straight and not      cut corners. Somebody to seed, weed, feed, breed and rake and      disc and plow and plant and tie the fleece and strain the      milk and replenish the self-feeder and finish a hard week's      work with a five-mile drive to church.''       ``Somebody who'd bale a family together with the soft      strong bonds of sharing, who would laugh and then sigh, and      then reply, with smiling eyes, when his son says he wants to      spend his life `doing what dad does.' '' So God made a      farmer.  It is our responsibility to protect that farmer, and to protect what he does to feed this Nation and a troubled world with the best quality food at the lowest price in the history of the world. So let us protect that farmer.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cassidy). The Senator from Delaware.  