This has become a rather heated issue. I think there are some issues we need to clear up, especially speaking from the privilege of being the chairman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture.  The amendment seeks to make changes to food safety inspection by eliminating the Department of Agriculture's inspection program of domestic and foreign-raised catfish. This program just started in March. Some of the comments about the expense of this program have been made as if they were on an annual basis. Most of the costs that were cited in the General Accounting Office report did not mention the fact that these were startup costs.  The program was created due to concerns related to food safety. The USDA has a very strong record of requiring meat that is imported to the United States to be processed in foreign facilities that are ``equivalent'' to U.S. meat processing facilities. The Department of Agriculture visits these facilities and conducts audits to ensure that their practices are in line with what we require in the United States. This is done to ensure that food coming into the United States is safe. That product is also inspected once it arrives at U.S. ports of entry.  Simply put, what we have here is a program that requires the same equivalency determination for foreign raised and processed catfish as we require for beef, chicken, lamb, pork, and all the other commodities or all the other animal products that you could imagine.  Just last week I was notified by the Department of Agriculture that their inspections of Vietnamese catfish found illegal drug residues in two shipments destined for the United States. I am sure that others who have spoken to this issue, especially Senator Boozman and Senator Cochran, have repeated this. Had this program not been in place, this violation would not have been caught and the product would have been allowed to enter into commerce.  I am very surprised. I know this is an easy issue to bring up with regard to a GAO report for 10 years that said this duplicating what the Food and Drug Administration does. It is, but it is no longer because the Department of Agriculture is taking it over because they have a much more robust program. The Food and Drug Administration really only inspects 2 percent of the catfish. We are talking about a much higher percentage by the Department of Agriculture.  I hope those in the Senate who are trying to remove this important safeguard just 2 months into the program being enforced and on the tails of it paying off and preventing adulterated catfish from entering commerce--I remind my colleagues that this program was authorized in the 2008 and 2014 farm bills. That was delayed for a while. Startup costs started last year. Again, those costs that are mentioned in the General Accounting Office are not pertinent to what is happening today.  I want to say one other thing. Farm bills are developed through 5 years of thoughtful discussions and also negotiations. When a farm bill is passed, any producer of any product, including any animal product, expects--almost as if it is a contract--to be able to depend on it. If you have a burgeoning industry of domestic catfish, you want to make doggone sure that it is safe and that there are no imports that represent a health hazard, and that is exactly what happened in this particular instance. You do not want to open up farm bills willy-nilly on a specific issue that may make a headline or may make a good TV spot--to quote the General Accountability Office--which has not taken into consideration that this is just a startup kind of situation in terms of the money.  It is interesting to me that this was scored at zero. The Congressional Budget Office has scored it at zero. I think I understand all of this talk about wasting money. I don't know anybody in the Congress--House or Senate--who is for wasting money. One person's wasteful spending of money is another person's viable investment. So we have to look pretty close.  I ask that my colleagues vote no on the resolution and to maintain these important food safety protections and the carefully crafted 2014 farm bill. This is not the time to open up the farm bill. We will certainly begin discussions on that in the next year, and we will take up these matters in the following year and go over it with a fine-tooth comb.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  