President, every Senator listening to this--every person listening to this--should understand, with the summation the Senator has just given, what an outstanding chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee he has been and what a stalwart he has been for our men and women in uniform. I cannot think of a chairman--and there have been a lot of very great chairmen in the Senate Armed Services Committee, but none so well qualified as the Senator from Arizona. His remarks are right on point with regard to his point of view. His remarks sing, if you will, in behalf of our national defense. He is a great friend. He is a personal friend. I respect him more than he knows, and I appreciate him. I think he mentioned Eric Fanning to be Secretary of the Navy. That might be an alternative. But at any rate, I want to thank him for his remarks.  But if this has no bearing on anything, why did the White House call me just before we came down here trying to work it out? And saying that in 2009--OK, they did let me know that Fort Leavenworth was not being considered. As I say again, there is no statute of limitations, I don't think, except just ``Oh well, by the way, we are going to change our mind'' and a couple of little campaign assurances by the President saying ``Well, we can always use an Executive order''--not to mention his Press Secretary. So if there is nothing to bear here--this doesn't have any relationship to the issue at hand--why did the White House call and say ``Well, we will make a decision down the road, but we won't surprise you''?  I shouldn't even be talking about this with regard to the communications this morning. So I just disagree with my good friend. I thank him for his leadership, and I thank him for his position. Were I in his position, I probably would be saying the same thing.  Mr. McCAIN. May I just say, Mr. President, that I hope my dear friend from Kansas--we are about to go into a week-long recess--would do as he always does, and that is contemplate andcommunicate, as he does with the people of Kansas, who have honored him for so much time here in the Congress of the United States. Maybe hopefully we could work this out with the certain knowledge and my assurance that I am 100 percent confident that the Senate Armed Services Committee will report a bill that will become law that prohibits the transfer of the detainees from Guantanamo to anywhere in the United States of America until there is a plan that is approved by Congress, and I want to give him that confidence.  His passion that he has displayed here is ample evidence for why the people of Kansas hold him with such affection and respect. He is fighting for what he believes is in the best interests of the people whom he represents so well and honorably.  I hope he will have the opportunity, as we go into recess next week, to talk with his constituents and think about this and think about my assurance that we will not--we will not--approve of a transfer of detainees from Guantanamo Bay unless it is in compliance with the law that we will pass.  I thank my colleague.  I know the Senator from Tennessee is waiting.  I yield the floor.  