The year was 2009, and this issue came up. Obviously, it was a campaign promise by the President. There was a lot of concern, a lot of frustration, a lot of anger. I asked myself at that particular time what on Earth I could do to stop this effort to move detainees to Fort Leavenworth. Again, I would stress that it is the intellectual center of the Army. The commander staff school is there--think Pershing, think Eisenhower, think MacArthur, think Petraeus. Bad fit. Sixteen thousand people at Leavenworth have signed a petition saying no to the detainees.  Back then, in 2009, John McHugh--a wonderful Congressman, a great friend to me, and a great Secretary of the Army--was being nominated. I took the very same action, I would tell the distinguished Senator from Arizona, and put a hold on John.  I called him up. I said: John, I have some bad news and some good news.  He said: Well, give me the bad news.  I said: Somebody here in the Senate has put a hold on you.  He said: Who on Earth would do that?  I said: It is me.  He was a little stunned--I think a lot--and would probably make the same statement and speech the Senator from Arizona has given.  I said: Not to worry. All that has to happen is for the administration to give me assurance--it could be vocal; I don't expect him to write it down--that the detainees will not be moved to Fort Leavenworth.  John went to work to try to carry that message to the administration. I am not saying that Eric Fanning should do that, but John McHugh did. And it wasn't very long after that that the legal counsel from the White House--and I won't get into names here--called me and assured me that would be the case. I immediately lifted the hold.  So there is a precedent in 2009, and it worked.  Again, I really regret--my hold on Eric Fanning's nomination is not in relation to his capabilities, his expertise, his character, and certainly not intended to bring undue stress to the U.S. Army. I understand that. But when we are faced with a situation like this, and the situation could be further explained by a call that I just received prior to the distinguished Senator coming to the floor--the White House knows this--we had a very frank conversation. The conversation pretty well ended up: I can't give you that assurance, but we won't surprise you; i.e., if we have an Executive order and we are moving detainees into Fort Leavenworth, we will certainly tell you.  So I can't release this hold, as I did in 2009. I don't think the statute of limitations is here with regard to the previous assurance I got from the White House. If there is, maybe it is because that is--when the legal counsel left, all of a sudden we were back to where we are.  So the ball is in the court of the White House. All they have to do is give me another call and indicate that things will be fine. I am not telling them what language to use or anything else.  I might add that there are two other Senators who are very concerned about this--Senator Tim Scott of South Carolina and the distinguished Senator from Colorado, Cory Gardner.  I thank the Senator for yielding.  