 President, I know there is not a lot of time, but the amendment that is at the desk, No. 383, that I have--I ask it be called up and be considered.  This is all about rail safety. The Federal Government currently has no say on where 90-ton rail tankers, filled with chlorine or other hazardous chemicals, are shipped around the Nation. The Naval Research Laboratory, at my request, some months ago, issued a report. The context of my inquiry with them was: What would happen if one of these 90-ton chlorine gas tanker cars exploded--for example, where a terrorist put C-2 underneath there in a populated area and blew it up?  What made me think of it was, you may remember almost 2 years ago now, out in North Dakota, one of these tankers leaked, and the end result was a number of adjoining towns, small towns, had to be evacuated because it was so deadly.  So I asked the question of the Naval Research Center. As you know, some of our best scientists in the world are there. I asked: What would happen? What would happen if a 90-ton tanker containing chlorine were to be blown up in a major metropolitan area?  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the report submitted to me be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Advanced simulation technology gives us a practical      breakthrough for analyzing and treating urban contaminant      accidents, pollutant incidents, and in combating Chemical,      Biological, and Radiological (CBR) terrorism. Today the      nation is striving to develop plans and corresponding      procedures to prepare for these contingencies. The ability to      construct accurate, easy-to-understand analyses of dangerous      contaminant release incidents is an absolutely crucial      component of civil defense planning and execution. When      decisions have to be made during an actual crisis,      essentially infinite speed is required of the predictions and      yet the analyses must be performed with high accuracy. When      responding to a CBR crisis, waiting even one minute to      perform simplified support computations can be far too long      for timely situation assessment. State-of-the-art,      engineering-quality three-dimensional predictions that one      might be more inclined to believe can take hours or days. The      answer to this dilemma is to do the most accurate      computations possible well ahead of time and then to capture      their salient results in a highly compressed database that      can be recalled, manipulated, and displayed instantly during      a crisis. Dispersion Nomograph TM technology was      invented at NRL to provide this capability.       This presentation is based on a portable software tool      called CT-Analyst TM that uses dispersion      nomographs to combine information from sensors and eyewitness      reports to find contaminant sources in an urban maze of      buildings, to track airborne contaminant plumes accurately      across the city, and to plan evacuation routes. In a crisis,      real time users don't have to wait for any of these results      because personnel defense plans and strategies can be adapted      to current situation assessments with no delay for computing.      This presentation uses CT-Analyst to show the evolution of a      large contaminant plume caused by the rupture of a railroad      tank car adjacent to the Blathersburg Mall.       Detailed, three-dimensional FAST3D-CT simulations (such as      shown at left) are compressed by more than a factor of 10,000      to produce compact data structures called Dispersion      Nomographs TM. These ``nomographs'' allow CT-     Analyst TM to make accurate, instantaneous      predictions including the effects of buildings (as shown at      right). This example shows the situation twenty minutes after      a contaminant release occurred at the location marked by the      blue star with the wind from 295 degrees at 3 m/s. This CT-     Analyst display shows the instantaneous plume at 20 minutes      (light red) superimposed on the footprint of the likely      contamination region (light gray). The footprint can      eventually become contaminated beyond tolerable limits      sometime during the scenario. The plume region displayed      surrounds the instantaneous plume--with a safety buffer zone.      CT-Analyst is in use at a number of locations (see figure),      was extended for Operation Iraqi Freedom, and is being      modified as a CBR Emergency Assessment System for      installation in Navy bases over seas.       Also overlaid on the CT-Analyst display are the results of      the backtrack function (sensor readings and observations      determining a probable source location as shown in blue and      purple). CT-Analyst performs multi-sensor fusion operations      based on the very limited information about the contaminant      density. A number of sensors are active and operating in      automatic (triangles) and manual (circles) modes to register      the presence or absence of the agent plume at their location.      Red indicates a ``hot'' sensor (something considered      dangerous) and blue indicates a ``cold'' reading where the      contaminant agent density is below the threshold for      detection. Please note that the ``Escape'' function has also      been activated in this composite display, projecting optimal      evacuation routes. These recommended evacuation routes      suggest walking paths for rapid egress from the path of the      advancing plume and continue out to the edges of the      contamination footprint. This entire assessment takes about      50 milliseconds on a typical windows laptop computer.       The figure above shows the contaminant concentration just      three minutes after a railroad tank car accident has occurred      along the indicated section of track where the right-of-way      turns toward the east as shown by the yellow arrow. A large      quantity of contaminant has been released in a couple of      minutes. The time is late evening and the brisk breeze, from      the southeast in this scenario, blows the cloud up toward a      quarter of a million people celebrating Fourth of July on the      Mall near the Blatherburg Monument.       The large gray area is the contamination footprint      predicted by CT-Analyst TM; this area can become      highly contaminated in the first half an hour. It is a good      idea to get to outside the footprint and stay outside of it      until an ``all clear'' is given. The bands of color downwind      of the source, originating at the bright blue stars along the      track, indicate the contaminant concentration in the cloud      moving with the wind toward the upper left. The table tells      how to interpret the colors in easily understood terms. The      actual numbers, of course, can only be made specific and      quantitative when the absolute size of the source is known.      Each color marks approximately a factor of two range of      concentration values. People breathing yellow green and      ``hotter'' colors are in a very deadly situation. Not all      colors appear on each figure because the contaminant      concentration drops as the plume (cloud) spreads.       The diagonal purple lines in this and the following figures      mark general suggested evacuation routes. The gaps in these      lines show a kind of ``no man's land'' where the plume will      go first and in highest concentration. People should walk      briskly away from the center of the advancing plume along the      general direction of these evacuation paths skirting around      buildings and keeping to reasonable walking routes as      required. Don't run and don't get in or stay in a car.       These two figures show the advancing plume at five minutes      (left) and ten minutes (right) after the release occurred.      Three adjacent blue stars are used to mark the extended      region over which this release has occurred from a moving      railroad tank car. The yellow arrow indicates the direction      of motion along the track and the pink arrow is the      prevailing wind direction in each figure. The brisk breeze      here is a worst case because slower winds allow much easier      evacuation from the affected area and much faster winds      dissipate the cloud so quickly that fewer people at any one      spot receive critical dosages.       Almost everywhere in the plume after five minutes has      elapsed (colored region)      there is a high probability that the contamination will be      lethal and almost all of the plume is still lethal at ten      minutes. At ten minutes the lethal plume area is spreading at      about its maximum rate. If 100,000 people receive critical      (lethal) doses in the absence of any defensive action, they      are crossing this critical dose threshold at the rate of a      hundred people per second. Thus there is an enormous benefit      to immediate warning delay and speedy defensive response.       Based on a number of other simulations not shown here and a      consistent analytic theory, a warning issued within 3 minutes      is possible with an automated sensor network and near      complete situation assessment and response should be possible      within five minutes. Though many procedural and communication      problems remain to be solved, these times should be adopted      as goals because so many lives will depend on making these      response times as short as possible. Between five minutes and      the current goal of issuing a warning in 15 minutes, 60,000      people or more could be critically dosed.       These two figures show the advancing plume in the previous      scenario at 15 minutes (left) and 30 minutes (right) after      the release has occurred. By 30 minutes the plume has spread      laterally about as much as it will but it is still quite      toxic and still expanding downwind off the edge of the      nomograph. At 30 minutes the plume extends three to four      miles downwind, is about 1.5 miles wide at its widest, and is      still dangerously toxic as indicated by the large yellow-     green region above right. If people are standing or sitting      as much as 15 feet apart in all directions at an event on the      Mall, there would be well over 100,000 people per square      mile. Furthermore, the contaminant plume in this scenario      will be dangerous over several square miles. Therefore, in      the absence of an early warning and concerted action (rapid      evacuation away from the centerline of the plume) over      100,000 people could be seriously harmed or even killed in      the first half an hour.       Although this is a dire scenario, the people several miles      downwind from the source, in this example a couple miles off      the upper left corner of the figures, have plenty of time to      walk out of the way of the plume given a warning in five      minutes or less. They would have to walk only about \3/4\ of      a mile at most to get completely out of the plume and would      have 20 to 25 minutes to do this. Walking is recommended in      urban areas since the roadways should be kept open for      emergency traffic and will gridlock instantly if everyone      tries to leave in their cars at the same time.       The message is clear, walking perpendicular to the wind      away from the centerline of the plume is the only effective      direction to walk, as indicated automatically by CT-Analyst.      There is a wide range of angles, plus or minus 30 degrees,      for which this strategy is effective but the effectiveness      declines the longer the delay in receiving a warning. For      large contaminant sources, simple theory and detailed      computer simulations both suggest that 85 to 95% of the      people who would otherwise be exposed can avoid exposure,      regardless of what the agent is, when the appropriate warning      is issued without delay.       What also becomes apparent is that solid information, as      well as prompt warning and action, reduces exposure. Knowing      the location of the contaminant source, the wind speed, and      its direction can save tens of thousands of lives. Combining      an integrated city sensor net with accurate models      incorporating the unique building/terrain features is the key      to defining the centerline of the plume based on source      location and thus determining effective escape routes. A CBR      Emergency Assessment System must be instantaneous and capable      of incorporating changing wind and sensor data as they become      available. Only centralized analysis and prompt communication      can define the safe routes away from an invisible cloud.       These CBR emergency assessment tools have been used to      evaluate and compare a number of possible CBR defense      strategies. The model on which this graph is based follows      hundreds of thousands of people who begin walking      (evacuating) in a specified direction relative to the wind      once a warning is issued. The computed contaminant density is      integrated to determine each persons dose. This ``warning      delay'' is varied to measure the reduced effectiveness of      evacuation as the warning delay gets too long. Zero (0)      degrees is walking downwind, 90 degrees is across the wind      (perpendicular) to the plume centerline, and 180 degrees is      walking upwind.       We have shown that plausible accidents or terrorist attacks      in an urban environment can put 100,000 people or more at      risk in a 15 to 30-minute time span. During this interval      several square miles of city can become lethally exposed and      people can die at the rate of 100 per second. Clearly there      is a very great premium or fast effective response.       The point is--we already have accurate, fast tools based on      tested scientific models for computing the detailed airflow      and converting these data sets directly to critical civil      defense information. An urban CBR Emergency Assessment System      (CBREAS) based on this new technology can instantly combine      information from eyewitness reports and CBR sensors to locate      hidden sources, can estimate regions about to become      contaminated, and can predict effective evacuation paths.      This new technology faithfully incorporates the 3D structure      of urban building mazes and has reasonable sun, wind, and      information-display options. The challenge is to harness      these tools effectively in the current political climate. If      police, fire department personnel, and emergency first      responders use this technology to obtain a minute-by-minute      situation assessment and implement an action plan, they can      reduce exposures, even of large crowds in the open, by 85 to      95% provided that an early warning is issued.       Sales Pitch: The CT-Analyst contaminant transport system is      ACCURATE. Plume envelopes are 80-90% as accurate as state-of-     the-art 3D computational fluid dynamics. CT-Analyst is VERY      FAST with performance 1000 to 10000 times faster than real      time. This can make the difference in saving tens of      thousands of lives in a real attack. It is also very EASY TO      USE. Two hours of training should be adequate. CT-Analyst can      also be used for war games, virtual reality training, site      defense planning and execution, and sensor network      optimization. The CT-Analyst software has stabilized and is      very rugged. The software also allows the user to displace      plumes by dragging the source across the screen, and can      ``backtrack'' to find hidden sources. CT-Analyst will also      project optimal evacuation routes.  