 President, in the coming days there will be more funerals in Lebanon for fresh victims of despicable terror attacks. On Wednesday, September 19, 2007, Lebanese member of Parliament Antoine Ghanem and at least six others were killed in a massive car bomb attack in the suburbs of Beirut.  Tragically, this is an all-too-frequent occurrence for the people of Lebanon. The wave began with the February 14, 2005, assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri and 21 others. On the 1-month anniversary of Prime Minister Hariri's assassination, something remarkable happened--hundreds of thousands of people gathered in Martyr's Square in downtown Beirut--spontaneously giving birth to the March 14 movement and the Cedar Revolution. Just 6 weeks after the March 14 movement began, the thousands of Syrian military forces that had occupied Lebanon for nearly three decades were out of the country.  But although the military occupation of Lebanon ended in 2005, Lebanon has remained under siege, as Wednesday's events remind us. Six Lebanese parliamentarians have now been killed in 2\1/2\ years. These six, and other prominent Lebanese figures who were also killed during the same period, shared one important attribute--they were outspoken critics of the Syrian domination of Lebanon.  Senator Lugar, Senator Sununu and I are introducing a sense of the Senate resolution condemning the despicable assassination of Antoine Ghanem and urging that the international community continue its support for the government and people of Lebanon.  To the families of victims of Wednesday's attack and to the people of Lebanon, the Senate offers its deepest condolences for your losses. Wednesday's attack seeks to undermine the international tribunal set up earlier thisyear to try the killers of Prime Minister Hariri and other Lebanese victims of political violence. So we call on the Bush administration to redouble its support for the tribunal and to work to ensure that Wednesday's crime is included in its jurisdiction.  These attacks on Lebanon must stop. This resolution expresses bipartisan support for holding accountable any state sponsor or official implicated in the string of political assassinations beginning in February 2005. To many an observer it is no accident that this assassination occurred as we approach the critical period during which Lebanon will choose its next president. Many informed voices, both in and out of Lebanon, are pointing to Damascus. So to the regime of Bashar al-Assad, know that we in Washington are watching events in Lebanon very carefully. Lebanon must be free to choose its next president without intimidation or violence.  Lebanon's enemies must understand that they face a united international front. Saudi Arabia, Egypt, France, and the broader European Union all have lead roles to play. So does the United States. So we call upon the international community to intensify the efforts to support the people and fragile democratic institutions of Lebanon.  I yield the floor.  