 President, I came to the floor this afternoon to spend a few minutes speaking in support of the Bingaman-Rockefeller-Murray Medicare drug REPAIR amendment that we will be seeing this afternoon. I came to the floor to urge my colleagues to support this amendment so we can address the immediate crisis facing our most vulnerable citizens.  I wish we were here debating a real fix to the Medicare Modernization Act, but unfortunately the Senate leadership has placed a lot higher priority on tax cuts than on providing reliable access to prescription drugs for low-income seniors and the disabled, so we are here today debating that. I know the chairman of the Finance Committee was on the floor earlier talking about the relevance of this amendment, the Bingaman-Rockefeller-Murray Medicare drug REPAIR amendment, but this is the first piece of legislation that we have had on the floor since the rollout of the Medicare prescription drug bill. Offering this amendment on this tax bill is our only option.  What this amendment does is ensure that our low-income seniors and our disabled--who are often technically referred to as duals--are at least ensured of a 30-day supply of lifesaving drugs, regardless of any communication or data exchange problem. It simply ensures that States and pharmacies and beneficiaries who have had to provide coverage to those who have fallen through the cracks in this rolling out of the Medicare prescription drug bill receive just and fair reimbursement.  Finally, it will end the confusion facing any of our duals. And for any of my colleagues who have not been out in their States since January 1, I will tell you there is tremendous confusion and conflict and people are falling through the cracks and we need to end that confusion so they know whether, in fact, they qualify for assistance.  Because of the tremendous data and outreach problems, many of these so-called duals have been told they have to meet a $250 deductible before their plan is going to cover their prescription drugs. If they are eligible today for Medicare and Medicaid, they are assumed eligible at the drugstore.  I have listened to Secretary Leavitt and CMS Administrator McClellan reassure all of us that they are acting to fix these problems. I am here today to applaud their attention and their commitment and their recognition of the tremendous challenges out there, particularly for our duals, as this prescription drug rollout bill is occurring. I only wish they had listened last November when I offered an amendment to provide a 6-month transition and predicted the dire straits that we are now in before this was rolled out.  I will say they have been responsive since January 1. But all of the steps that have been implemented are worthless if there is no education of our pharmacists and our seniors, or if there is no aggressive oversight and enforcement. Saying that they are just going to work to ensure the plans honor their commitment is not the same as saying plans will be required by law to honor that commitment. It doesn't do a senior any good to be told we are going to hold plans accountable, and they still do not have any access.  