 President, I am here because the Senator from Pennsylvania came to the floor this morning and offered an amendment on funding for Community Development Block Grant Programs. First of all, I am delighted that the other side recognizes that the assumption in this budget, to cut $1 billion from Community Development Block Grant Programs, is absolutely unacceptable. Their assumption is absolutely accurate.  Across our country today, mayors and other community leaders are up in arms about the billion-dollar cut to Community Development Block Grant Programs that is in this budget, on top of what I might remind all of my colleagues was the $500 million cut from last year.  We all know these essential programs. They are essential for housing, an absolutely critical part of our infrastructure, making sure we help develop many of our neighborhoods across this country with that critical seed money that brings those communities back up to standard and makes sure people have adequate housing while it creates jobs and economic development in communities across our country. Robbing those communities of those funds right now when our country is struggling to get back on its feet is thewrong thing to do, and the Santorum amendment recognizes that.  Here is my problem. Last night I was on the floor of the Senate. I offered a real amendment to restore the funding for Community Development Block Grant Programs. It provides $1.3 billion, and it does it by adding real money to the budget amendment by closing corporate loopholes. The amendment offered by Senator Santorum is simply a ``let's not worry, be happy until after the election'' amendment and doesn't provide one dollar.  How do I know that? I keep hearing the other side go to the floor and--whether it is veterans or Community Development Block Grant Programs or defense--say we are going to take money out of function 920. I went to the budget resolution book and I looked up 920 to see how much money was left. I was astounded to find out there is no money in function 920. In fact, they are half a billion dollars in the hole right now.  I see the ranking member, Senator Conrad, on the floor. If he wouldn't mind, I wanted to ask him a question because he knows this budget better than anybody.  I ask, through the Chair to the ranking member, am I wrong, in looking at this budget resolution, that the Republican Members are coming to the floor offering amendments to pay for funding for CDBG or veterans or defense, when there is no money? I ask my colleague if he could respond?  