 President, I add my voice to all Senators who in a bipartisan way have helped move this bill forward.  They say that ``success has a thousand authors''--and that is certainly true in the 5 years I have been working on port security.  First, I thank my partner, Senator Collins. Last May, I sought out Senator Collins because I knew she cared about port security. She had worked on it at the Homeland Security Committee and she had the knowledge and leadership to help us reach this milestone. She has been a steadfast partner every day of the past 16 months that we have worked together, and I commend her and thank her.  Senators Lieberman and Coleman were right there with us shaping this bill in the early days and helping us move it forward.  I thank Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye at the Commerce Committee for their hard work, leadership, and passion.  I thank Senators Grassley and Baucus for working with us on this bill.  I thank both of our leaders--for setting aside time so we could debate the bill.  I thank all the leaders from the maritime community who have shared their ideas and expertise with me--Mic Dinsmore, Henry Yates, and Rod Hilden at the Port of Seattle; Tim Farrell, Mike Zachary, and Julie Collins at the Port of Tacoma; and also leaders at the ports of New York/NewJersey, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Charleston, Miami, and MassPort in Boston.  I want to thank security experts, especially Admiral James Loy and Dr. Stephen Flynn, for their thoughtful input on our bill.  Finally, there are a number of staff members who helped shape this bill.  Brian White--who now runs Cargo Security Policy at DHS, and Michel Bobb--who is at OMB--provided critical help.  I thank the outstanding floor staff on each side and staff from various committees who spent long hours all week working to make this bill better.  Thank you especially to: Dabney Hegg, Sam Whitehorn, Ray Shepherd, Jason Yanussi, and Ken Nahigian.  Finally, from my own staff, Jason Park and Lesley Turner have been at my side here on the floor along with Mike Spahn.  And I additionally thank Rick Desimone, Alex Glass, Pete Weissman and Matt McAlvanah from my staff.  I say to my colleagues, we are making a significant step forward in a bipartisan way this evening to finally make a difference on security in this country. I want to tell the country we still have a ways to go in getting it to conference, which I know will occur shortly, and to the President's desk, hopefully in a short amount of time as well. But I will tell you this: America can sleep better because this Congress worked together, and I thank all my colleagues.  