 President, I thank the ranking member for clarifying that. I think it is important for all of us to understand that.  These votes we take today will have real consequences. How do I know that? Not just because of the respect I have for the ranking member and his explanation, because this is exactly what happened on this floor last year when the Senators on the other side of the aisle offered a ``don't worry, be happy'' amendment to restore funding for community development block grants, critical money for neighborhood restoration, for low-income housing for our communities across the country.  Do you know what happened when we got to Appropriations? We didn't have the flexibility because our subcommittee also has to fund Amtrak, airlines, transit, and other housing programs. There was no way to do itdespite what the Senate voted on. They ended up having to cut $.5 billion from the community development block grants.  It is a sham to me to watch these amendments march through here on an account that has no money, that is deficit spent already, and try to sell to their constituents that we are doing something about it when every Senator on this floor knows we ran into a train wreck last year which lasted well into this year on the Appropriations bills. Who was hurt? Not the Senators who voted for it, but our neighbors and friends, mayors and city councils and people on the ground across this country who are trying very desperately today to try make sure that the most important citizens have critical housing infrastructure, that we create jobs, that we have economic development, and that our communities become strong again.  I have said time and time again on this floor that we need to make our country strong again. The most important way we can do it is to invest real dollars in our infrastructure. The CDBG Program is one of the best ways to do that. Every Senator here knows it. The votes we will take later today will be for sham accounts or a real vote. And when will it count? Next fall, when our friends and neighbors see the reality of these amendments and the budget impact on it.  I will conclude by saying that I have been around my State talking to many mayors, talking to many community developers, hearing story after story about how our communities have taken this small amount of money from the Federal Government and invested it wisely, created jobs, created housing, improved the lives of our citizens.  I know this CDBG cut, if we don't pass real money, will mean that Pennsylvania will lose $46 million in funding. It means Minnesota will lose $15 million in funding. In my home State, it means $16 million. Those are not just items on a budget; those are real dollars that make a difference in the lives of our friends and neighbors and communities across the country.  This afternoon we will have an opportunity to cast votes for a real amendment--the Murray amendment--that restores funding and makes sure our Appropriations Committee has the allocation that will allow us to fund the CDBG, or we can take a political vote and be happy for a day. But it will not change anyone's life at home, and it will not restore hope and opportunity that this country so desperately needs today.  I thank my colleagues, and I yield the floor.  