 President, I rise, first and foremost, to congratulate Chairman Collins and Senator Carper for getting their postal reform bill to the finish line. This bill has been a gargantuan task for both Senators. It has been a long time coming. Some have observed that it has taken over 30 years for the Congress to pass legislation that fundamentally reforms the Postal Service. This bill is critically important to the long-term fiscal health of our Postal Service. It is equally important to the well-being of all our postal workers as well as the needs of all citizens and businesses, large and small, which use our Postal Service.  As both of the managers are aware, there was an important issue that threatened to derail this legislation at the last minute. Specifically, there is a provision in this final bill that has been interpreted as having the effect of transferring some $200 million in annual costs from the Postal Service to the discretionary budget. More specifically, those costs that previously were covered through mandatory spending would have to be covered within the tight discretionary budget ceiling of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Treasury, the Judiciary, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies.  I currently serve as the ranking member of that subcommittee, and I expect to serve as its chairman when the 110th Congress convenes. Over the course of the 109th Congress, I have spent a great deal of time working with Chairman Kit Bond to put together an appropriations bill that meets all of the disparate needs addressed in our bill. I can tell my colleagues, we do not have an extra $200 million available within our allocation to cover the costs of the Postal Service. When the 110th Congress convenes, we are likely to have to mark up an appropriations bill for the current fiscal year that will be even tighter than the bill our committee reported back in July. As such, I can assure my colleagues that we will not be in a position to take on these costs this year, next year, or in any other year.  It is important to point out that these costs that are proposed to be transferred to the Committee on Appropriations are not new costs to the Postal Service. We are accustomed to the practice of authorizing committees enacting authorizations for new or expanded activities in the hope that the Appropriations Committee will be in a position to fund them. But this situation is something very different. Under the provisions originally included in this bill, the burden of financing the ongoing costs of the Postal Rate Commission, renamed the Postal Regulatory Commission, and the USPS inspector general would have suddenly been shifted to the Appropriations Committee.  My understanding is that the original intent of this provision was to provide both the Commission and the IG's office with an added degree of budget autonomy and independence. However, the original provision had a much more dramatic effect. I make no apology for insisting on changes to this bill to keep it from happening.  I am pleased to say that, through a series of discussions today with my good friend and colleagues, Senators Collins and Carper, we have been able to negotiate some important changes to the original bill. Specifically, the provision that seeks to transfer the funding burden of these activities to the Appropriations Committee will now be delayed until fiscal year 2009. Given the shortness of time and the critical need to pass this important legislation today, before this Congressadjourns, I agreed to this change rather than insisting that the entire funding transfer be stricken. I wish to make clear that my position on this bill tonight should not be viewed as signaling any intent on my part to fund these activities in 2009 and beyond. To the contrary, I do not anticipate that the Appropriations Committee will be in a position to fund these activities in 2009, 2010, or in any other year. I agreed to this date change to give the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs a full 22 months--almost 2 years--to revisit this legislation and bring the costs of these activities back into the mandatory budget. If not, these activities will go unfunded. And it will not be the fault of the Appropriations Committee if they do go unfunded. My colleagues on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee are on notice and the Postmaster General is on notice. The funding transfer included in this bill for 2009 and beyond will need to be fixed. My subcommittee has no intention of absorbing these costs. It will be the responsibility of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee to bring them back within the revenues available to the Postal Service.  