 President, I rise to oppose the amendment. Certainly, I understand the intent of the amendment, which is to terminate the LORAN program. This is a program that affects a lot of our small airplanes, maritime safety, their ability to communicate in the Pacific Northwest waters. I know Senator Stevens from Alaska has a deep concern about this as well.  We know that at some point the LORAN system is going to be changed. The problem is that the Coast Guard alone, which I have tremendous respect for, made a decision to terminate the LORAN system without talking to the FAA, without talking to DOD, and without talking to many of the other users of the LORAN system. This bill makes sure that as we move toward a new structure within the waters in the area of the Pacific Northwest and up into Alaska and other places along the coast, we do it in a way that makes sure that all of the users of the system are not impacted in a way that makes them unsafe or their travels unsafe.  It is unwise for us to terminate this program without the consent and the understanding of these other organizations. We had a debate about this in the Appropriations Committee. The committee agreed with us that as we move forward on the termination of the LORAN program, we need to make sure that the Department of Defense, the FAA, small maritime users, and everybody who relies on this for safety in the waters along coastal regions is on board and we move forward in a way that doesn't cause any harm to any of the users of the system.  I respect the Senator in trying to eliminate funding and trying to make sure that we are making the best use of public resources. But it has to be done in a way that doesn't impact the safety of our many maritime and airline users.  I will oppose the amendment. I know Senator Stevens from Alaska has been very involved in the debate. I believe he is on his way to the floor as well. I urge our colleagues to listen carefully to the safety and the use of many people in our coastal waters as we move forward on the matter of closure of the LORAN system.  