 Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio).  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. The issue here is not the Exchange Stabilization Fund as set up by President Roosevelt. I believe there is broad agreement among Members of the House and others about the value of that fund to defend the American dollar and to intervene in currency stabilization around the world which would have a dramatic impact on our dollar or on the American economy.  The issue is should unsecured loans to foreign nations, most of the time being made to bail out extraordinary speculation, sometimes by U.S., sometimes by U.S. multinational, and sometimes by foreign interests, be made in excess of $1 billion of our taxpayers' money by a Cabinet member, with or without the consent of the President of the United States and without any consultation or consent of the elected representatives of the people?  Now, I think most people would have to raise a question about that. We are not talking about the reasons for which the fund was established, which was to shore up or defend the dollars against attacks. We are not talking about currency stabilization generally. We are talking about unsecured loans to foreign governments, foreign interests, to bail out failed speculative activities.  Now, some have gone to the floor to talk about the great success of bailing out these failed speculative activities. Guess what? If we do not have market discipline, if we bail out the speculators every time their 50 and 100 percent loans go sour, and give them back their capital after they have already gained it two or three times over in interest, then they will go out and do it again and again and again. And now they are doing it with the support of U.S. taxpayers' money and at the risk of U.S. taxpayers' money.  Oh, yes, the speculation has worked out pretty well so far, as far as we know, since the fund is not fully accountable. In fact, in the past, and we have heard accounts of that earlier this evening, the fund was used to buy rugs and special trips and all sorts of things. Yes, it was cleaned up a number of years ago. But, still, it is not fully accountable to the American people. No full accounting is rendered. And it continues in these activities.  Now, I think we as the elected representatives of the people have got to question. Maybe $1 billion is the right figure. Maybe we should let them do $2 billion. I do not know. I do not know exactly what it is. But I can say that before we extend a loan without security of taxpayers' dollars, which is not in direct defense of the interests of the United States of America, of our economy, of our currency, of our people, of our taxpayers, of our workers, yes, maybe in defense of a few bankers who made some really stupid loans at extraordinary rates of interest, then we have to question whether it should continue in that vein.  For 2 years this amendment stood. Were there any international crises during that time to which the United States could not respond? No. There are other tools. We can go to the World Bank, which basically is an arm of the U.S. Treasury, or the International Monetary Fund, another arm of the U.S. Treasury. At least, though, it would be diluted by other countries' money and other taxpayers' from other countries' money. It was not directlyfunds allocated from our taxpayers to foreign governments. Interventions took place during those 2 years that this amendment was in effect to bail out speculators.  Now, if we think it should be the policy of the United States to bail out speculators so all their investments are always guaranteed, then we should vote against this amendment. That will be a fine day for some people, but not for the American people. Not a proud day for me as a representative of the American people. And I urge my colleagues to think long and hard and remember this amendment was in effect for 2 years and none of these horrible things happened, because other tools are available that do not put our taxpayers' dollars at risk.  