 Chairman, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Minnesota, for yielding time to me.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of our Nation's dairy farmers, in strong support of H.R. 1402, and in strong opposition to the poison pill amendments that have been offered.  This legislation is critical for the survival of dairy farms in the State of Vermont and all over this country. It would implement the Class 1 milk price structure known as Option 1A as part of the final rule to consolidate Federal Milk Marketing orders. It would protect family farmers all over America who in recent years have seen a significant drop in the price that they get for their milk.  In fact, today in terms of inflation-accounted for prices, farmers today are receiving 35 percent less in real dollars than they received 15 years ago, which explains why all over America we are seeing family farms going out of business, we are not seeing young people getting into farming, and we are seeing the industry becoming dominated by larger and larger agribusiness corporations, rather than small family-owned farms.  Option 1A is supported by 229 Members of the House. The reason for that is that the economics is very clear that Option 1A will help 45 out of the 50 States.  Let me suggest to Members the options that we have. If present trends continue, in my view, what dairy agriculture will look like 10 years from today is that a handful of agribusiness corporations will control the production and distribution of dairy products. The alternative is to maintain, as best we can, family-owned farms all over this country who protect our environment, who protect our rural economies, who provide fresh product to the people in the various communities.  Does America really want a handful of corporations to determine the price of dairy product? Does America really want to lose family farms all over the country and see our green land converted into parking lots, or are we going to fight as hard as we can to protect family farmers, who provide us with fresh, high quality product?  I would urge Members of the House, the 229 who are supporting this excellent legislation, to stand firm against the amendments that are being offered which would ultimately undermine the goals of this legislation. Let us stand with the family farmers who work 7 days a week, 12 hours a day, producing the quality of food that we desperately want and need to maintain.  