 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this amendment, which would strike a good blow against the $125 billion a year we are currently spending on corporate welfare.  My, this is a strange debate. I am hearing conservative Republicans tell us they believe in government insurance. This is what it is.  Now, it is interesting, however. This is not government insurance for middle-class homeowners. This is not government insurance for those people who are paying outrageous premiums for automobile insurance. No, no, no. We do not get government insurance for that.  But if they are J.P. Morgan, they can get government insurance for a $200 million investment in an oil field in Angola. If they are Texaco, they get government insurance for $139 million for investment of a power generating project in the Philippines. If they are the Chase Manhattan Bank, they get socialized insurance.  Here we have conservative Republicans, corporate Democrats telling us government insurance for the multinationals. I think that that is pretty strange.  Mr. Chairman, it seems to me that we should note that in Indonesia right now OPIC officials are in that country, and they are in that country because the government there is suggesting that an American-backed company may not be able to make as much money as they wanted; and if that in fact takes place, it is going to be the American taxpayer through OPIC that bails out that particular company that invested in Suharto's dictatorship.  Mr. Chairman, another disturbing aspect of this situation is that the United States Government is providing financial incentives to the largest corporations in this country to invest abroad.  Now, some of us think that it would be a very good idea for these corporations that are investing tens of billions of dollars abroad to maybe bring that investment back to the State of Vermont and other States around this country to put our people to work at decent paying jobs.  I hear our friend say that OPIC makes money, OPIC makes money. Well, if OPIC makes money, then maybe we better think about government insurance in other areas. And I would yield right now to any person who is opposing the Andrews amendment to tell us that they are prepared to support government insurance for homeowners, government insurance for automobile people who need automobile insurance.  Are they in favor of that, Mr. Chairman? Not. I ask the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez).  Only government insurance for the large multinational corporations. Let us stop corporate welfare. Let us support the Andrews amendment.  