 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by concurring with much of what the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) had to say a few minutes ago about the process that we undertook.  I am very glad that our friend from Florida informed us about some of what was in the bill. It is good to know some of the things that are in the bill, because there is not a Member of the House who has yet seen the bill.  Here is the bill. This bill is hundreds and hundreds of pages, and it ended up on our desks this morning. I dare say that there is not one Member of the House who has a deep understanding of what is in the bill, and yet we are asked this morning to vote for it, which is why I strongly oppose the rule and even more strongly oppose the legislation.  Mr. Speaker, there are two main issues involved: one is process and one is content. In terms of process, I would hope that every Member of this body, progressive, conservative, Democrat, Republican, believes that there should be full and free discussion in a committee on appropriations, a consensus reached, and the bill come back to the floor for a serious vote by the Members.  That did not happen in the Subcommittee on Agriculture of the Committee on Appropriations. This bill was dictated by the Republican leadership, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert). They are the ones who called the tune, and it was not the members of the Subcommittee on Agriculture of the Committee on Appropriations, whether they were Republicans or Democrats. Deals were made in the back room; and at a time when the American people are more and more cynical about the political process, that is not the type of legislation we should be bringing before them today.  Mr. Speaker, my particular concern, coming from the State of Vermont and coming from New England, is dairy. In the State of Vermont and throughout the northeast, in fact, throughout this country, our dairy farmers are going out of business because the price that has been paid to them in recent years in real dollars is going down and down and down while their expenses and their costs go up. The bottom line is that the total number of dairy operations dropped by almost 26 percent in the last 6 or 7 years.  Now, last week on the floor of this House we spent an entire day, six or seven amendments came up. There was a major debate on dairy; and at the end of the day, by an overwhelming vote of 285 to 140 the Members of this House rejected the Agricultural Department's option 1-B, which the Members believed would be a disaster for farmers in almost every region of this country. And we said no, we do not want that. We want to see the price that farmers get for their milk go up, we want stability, we want to protect the family farmers.  All over, liberals, conservatives, people voted for that bill. I would ask the gentleman from Florida, I would ask the gentleman from Florida, after a full debate on dairy on the floor of the House, would the gentleman tell the Members how much time was spent in the conference committee discussing the 285 to 140 vote? My understanding is not one minute was spent discussing that. I hear no response, so I am assuming that the gentleman from Florida concurs. Of course he does; he is an honest man.  I ask my friends on the Democratic side, how much time was spent discussing the dairy issue that passed the House 285 to 140 that had the votes to pass the Senate? Is anyone going to tell me that 1 minute was spent discussing that issue? I am listening. I do not hear it.  So I say to all of my friends in this House, Republicans, Democrats, those of you who believe in a fair process, those of you who voted for option 1-A, reject this legislation. The gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) was right. Let us send a loud signal to the leadership and say that is not the way we want to do business.  Now, all over this country family farmers are crying out for help. We are seeing a tragedy of utmost proportions. From one end of this country to the other we are seeing the struggling family farmers who are maintaining rural America, who are maintaining our rural economies, working 60, 70, 80 hours a week, they are going out of business. And what does this legislation do for them? It does nothing.  Mr. Speaker, let me simply conclude by saying this: for those Members of the body, Republicans, Democrats, who are concerned about the family farmer, vote no on this bill. Send it back, and let us develop legislation that can save the family farm and help rural America.  For those Members of this body who are concerned about the democratic process, honest debate, real discussion, I urge you to vote ``no'' on this legislation. Send it back and let us have a real debate, an honest debate, as to how we can save family farmers.  