 Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. I rise in strong support of this rule, and I congratulate the chairman and the ranking member for their work. I think there are a lot of very positive aspects to this bill.  I wanted to highlight, though, at this moment two amendments that I will be offering with support from different members from both political parties. Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that in the United States of America today, at a time when we are far and away the wealthiest country in the history of the world, hunger, h-u-n-g-e-r, remains a very serious problem for senior citizens and for children in this Nation. At a time when this Nation possesses so much wealth, there is absolutely no excuse, none at all, that one American citizen is hungry. And yet hospital administrators tell us that many of the senior citizens who come into their hospitals are suffering, if you can believe this, from malnutrition. Malnutrition. That is not what should be going on in the United States. I along with Democrats and Republicans will be offering an amendment to increase by $10 million funding for the Commodities Supplemental Food Program which comes close, therefore, to the level that the President had requested. This amendment will be offset by cutting the Agricultural Research Service which received a $50 million increase this year, bringing it up to $830 million. So they received a $50 million increase up to $830 million when we have large numbers of senior citizens in this country going hungry. And while agriculture research is important and there is much in that bill that is important, we should not be increasing funds to develop red snapper aquaculture when senior citizens and children in America are going hungry.  The second amendment that I will be introducing will be a very small amount of money which would go to help develop agritourism in the United States. It is no secret that all over this country, family farmers, whether it is dairy, whether it is in other commodities, are fighting for their lives, and there are States such as New Mexico and Massachusetts with an agritourism program, a program by which tourists could come visit family farms, perhaps to bed-and-breakfast or other types of activities and get cash into the pockets of family farms who are struggling. There are some very good programs all over this country that have been established in New Mexico, established in Massachusetts. I think it is important for a small sum of money to be appropriated at the Federal level to allow innovative programs to be developed throughout this country. I would hope that for those of us who are concerned about preserving the family farm, we support that amendment as well.  