 Chairman, this tripartisan amendment is supported by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Lewis), the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak). I should mention that last year a similar amendment passed this House by a vote of 241 to 185.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment deals with the very serious problem of underfunded mandates. It is an issue that we have heard a whole lot about in this body, of forcing citizens in close to 1,800 counties and 49 States to pay more in local property taxes than they should be paying because the Federal Government has fallen very far behind in its payment in lieu of taxes on federally owned land. In other words, the Federal Government is not paying its fair share and is doing a disservice to local communities all over this country.  Just as an example, in my own small State of Vermont, over 50 towns in our southern counties are affected: Bennington, Rutland, Addison, Windham, and Windsor Counties. This amendment addresses the overall problem of underfunded payment in lieu of taxes by increasing funding for this program by $20 million from $125 million to $145 million.  Although this same amendment passed last year with broad bipartisan support, the conference committee only increased payment in lieu of taxes by $5 million instead of the $20 million increase that my amendment would have provided, which is why we are back this year.  Mr. Chairman, in real dollars, inflation-accounted-for dollars, PILT payments to counties and towns all across this Nation have been decreasing for a very long time. In real dollars since 1980, appropriations for payments in lieu of taxes have decreased by nearly $60 million, a 37-percent decline in value.  And while this amendment will not rectify by any means the entire problem, it will at least allow communities around this country to know that we understand their problems and that we are making some real attempts to address those problems by appropriating this $20 million. In fact, even if this increase is approved, it would still represent a 26.3-percent decline in value since 1980.  Mr. Chairman, I should add, and this is an important point, that the authorization for PILT today is approximately $260 million, over twice the appropriation level. In other words, the authorizers understand the problems facing the communities all over this country; but unfortunately in recent years for a variety of reasons, the appropriation process has not followed suit.  Mr. Chairman, the PILT program was established to address the fact that the Federal Government does not pay taxes on the land that it owns. These Federal lands can include national forests, national parks, Fish and Wildlife refuges, and land owned by the Bureau of Land Management. Like local property taxes, PILT payments are used to pay for school budgets, law enforcement, search and rescue, firefighting, parks and recreation, and other municipal expenses.  Mr. Chairman, the important point has to be made. In recent years in this body, there has been a lot of talk about devolution, a lot of talk about fiscal responsibility, a lot of talk about respect for counties, towns and cities. And yet what we are saying after all of that talk is, gee, we do not have to pay our bills. We talk about respecting local governments, but yet we do not have to own up to the fact that we owe them substantial sums of money.  I know that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) is operating under real budget restrictions, and I happen to believe that we should do away with those budget caps and address many of the issues that we face. But I think when we deal with basic priorities, how do we talk about devolution and then turn our back and then say oh, yes, we will continue to owe counties, cities, and towns substantial sums of money?  Mr. Chairman, the $50 million that we are using for these purposes include $20 million in payment in lieu of taxes and $30 million for deficit reduction. Our national debt is still over $5 trillion. This amendment begins to address that issue. The funds would be transferred and offset from the Fossil Energy Research and Development Program, a program we have heard a whole lot about in the last few minutes. But let me say this in regard to that program. Let me quote from the report of the fiscal year 1997 Republican, underlined Republican, budget resolution. And I quote: ``The Department of Energy has spent billions of dollars----  