 China is a very good place to do business. It is a wonderful place to do business. Why would you want to pay an American worker $15 an hour or $20 an hour? Why would you have to live up to and obey environmental standards and work safety standards? Why would you have to deal with workers who might actually be members of unions? Why would you want to deal with workers who have the freedom to vote and to elect or un-elect their officials when you can go to China and pay workers 20 cents an hour, 25 cents an hour, where workers cannot form unions, where workers cannot go out on strike, where workers cannot protect their safety on the job?  It is an absolutely outrage, prima facie, right on the surface, that you have tens of billions of dollars being invested in China by the largest American corporations who at the same exact time have laid off millions of American workers, and they are going there because they can pay desperate people slave wages.  And that is the essence of our trade policy which is what? Two hundred billion dollars deficit this year? And yet when you hear the administration or you hear the Chamber of Commerce or the National Association of Manufacturing, they tell us about all the jobs that we are creating by exporting, and, as you just indicated a moment ago, they forget to tell us about the millions of jobs that we have lost.  Not only have we lost jobs, but another very important factor is taking place, and that is that if an employer has the option to run to Mexico and pay a desperate person there 50 cents an hour through NAFTA or runs to China and pays a worker there 20 cents an hour, what do we think this does to the wage structure in the United States? All over this country workers are given a proposition. They say either you are going to take a wage cut, take cuts in your health insurance, or we are going to move to Mexico, we are going to move to China.  So our whole trade policy has not only cost us jobs, it has lowered wages in the United States.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Well, we just do need to expand on that point a little bit; as my colleagues know, the fact that these companies are chasing the lowest labor around the world and the least enforcement. As my colleagues know, actually I saw, not to be humorous about a serious subject, but I saw a cartoon once, and it was one a guy asked another, ``Why do you think it is we are spending all this money on NASA, National Aeronautics and Space Administration?''  And the other guy said; well, he says no because we know somewhere out there in the universe there are people who work for less than a dollar a day.  As my colleague knows, I mean it is kind of a sad commentary, but unfortunately there is some truth in it. Under this guise of free trade American corporations are chasing around the world, and multinational corporations, after the cheapest labor from the most desperate people or from children, as we have seen in many countries where children are exploited in horrible conditions as young as age 7 and 8 in some countries, basically indentured into their jobs, deprived of an education or any opportunity to get ahead, to make products that are marketed in the United States and other developed countries. And trade law does not allow us to prohibit those goods from coming into our country.  