 When we talk about campaign contributions, let us be demonstrative and very clear what we mean when we talk about the wealthiest one-quarter of 1 percent making 80 percent of the campaign contributions.  One of the issues that I have been working on very hard for the last several years and is an issue of great, great concern in my State of Vermont among the elderly, among almost the entire population, is the outrageously high cost of prescription drugs. In the United States today, we have by far, it ain't even close, the highest cost for prescription drugs of any country in the industrialized world. Many of those drugs are manufactured by American companies. They sell it to Canada far cheaper than they sell it to Americans. They sell it to Mexicans far cheaper than they sell it to those of us in the United States. They sell it throughout Europe.  Now, how is that? One of the answers lies in the fact that the pharmaceutical industry spends more money on campaign contributions and lobbying than any other industry in the United States. In the first 18 months of the last election cycle leading up to the 1998 campaign, they spent over $83 million on lobbying and campaign contributions. Today, in a Washington publication, there is an article which says that the pharmaceutical industry is becoming very nervous. They are becoming very nervous because all over this country, people are saying, ``We can't afford to pay these outrageously high prices for prescription drugs.'' It is obscene that elderly people have to choose between food and prescription drugs. Here in Congress many of us are now saying, let us have Medicare include prescription drugs, so that elderly people do not have to make that choice.  Well, what do we read in the paper today? We read that the pharmaceutical industry is now prepared to spend between 20 and $30 million on TV ads and on lobbying so that Congress does not protect the elderly and the sick in terms of prescription drugs. That is how life goes and will continue to go until we have real campaign finance reform. So at a time when the pharmaceutical industry last year had the biggest increase in profits of any industry, over 18 percent, when the top 10 pharmaceutical companies had an average increase in profits of over 26 percent, what they do is they take those profits, they put it into lobbying, they put it into campaign funds of Members of Congress so that their interests are protected, and we continue to have the highest price for prescription drugs in the world.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I would like to expand on that because this is very important to my constituents and in a moment I will talk about a study that was just done in my district on prescription drug prices. But I will just give a personal example. There is a drug called Lomotil that you take if you get an intestinal problem and you are traveling overseas. My wife and I on a private trip were traveling overseas. My doctor said, ``You ought to take some of this with you.'' He gave me a prescription. Okay. I went to a local pharmacy. The pharmacies are not the ones that are ripping us off on this and that is something the American people need to know. They need to know where to focus their anger and it is not on the pharmacist because they are paying more than the drug company is selling the drug for to other customers. The pills were about a buck each. I got to India. I was sick. I was out of the pills. I went into a local pharmacy there, same manufacturer, exactly the same drug, made in America, that was good, I was happy to have a made in America drug, six cents per pill.  