 Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, it is very clear that this debate in truth goes far beyond OPIC. It goes to whether or not we as Members of Congress feel positively about our current trade policies, and that, in truth, has to do with NAFTA, GATT, MFN, has to do with the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, OPIC, Ex-Im Bank and so forth and so on. That is what it really has to do with. OPIC, in truth, is a small part of that whole picture.  I would argue that any conscientious Member of the House who examined the facts would conclude that our current trade policy, OPIC and everything else, has not succeeded. By definition, it has not succeeded, because we are looking at a record-breaking trade deficit. And we hear our friends say, well, this creates jobs and so forth and so on. But we have to look at both sides of the equation; and when we look at both sides of the equation, what we are looking at is a record-breaking trade deficit. Our current trade policy is failing.  As I said earlier, and I want to touch upon this point, I find it interesting that there are Members here who are quite conservative who would turn pale at any mention that the United States Government should have a national health care program guaranteeing health care to all people, apparently think it is okay for the United States Government to have an insurance program to protect American corporate interests.  Now, it seems to me that if a company wants to invest in China or in Africa, in Asia or in any other place on earth, they have the right to do that. No one is arguing that. But what some of us are suggesting is, should American taxpayer money be placed at risk to protect that investment. Day after day I find people come up who believe in laissez-faire capitalism who say the government is terrible. Get the government out of our lives. Poor people, hey, they are going to have to stand up on their own two feet. Government cannot help everybody. And yet, we have a situation here where apparently these very same people are saying well, government cannot save the poor, cannot help the working people, cannot get involved in the environment, but government can get involved with the Enrine Oil and Gas Company who receive $400 million in U.S. Government-backed OPIC financing and insurance for natural gas processing and storage facilities in Venezuela. The U.S. Government can get involved in that. The U.S. Government can get involved with OPIC helping Texaco and its partners receive $139 million in government-backed OPIC financing for a power generation project in the Philippines. Chase Manhattan Bank, oh, my goodness, the United States Government can have the stand with Chase Manhattan Bank who received $200 million in U.S. Government-backed OPIC insurance for a telecommunications project in Colombia.  So I would suggest to my friends who support laissez-faire capitalism, you cannot do both things. You cannot say that the government cannot protect working people and low-income people in this country, terrible thing, but yes, the United States Government and OPIC can protect the interests of multinational corporations.  Let me make another point, and I think I am echoing a point that the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) made a moment ago. People say well, we are in a global economy, companies are going to invest abroad, and that is true. But it seems to me that given the fact that we have seen a decline in real wages for manufacturing workers in this country, given the fact that our working people are working longer hours and in many cases, for lower wages, because good-paying manufacturing jobs have gone to China and to other countries where workers are paid horrendous wages, then yes, I do have a problem.  And I share the concern of the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) about providing OPIC help to those companies who want to establish manufacturing plants abroad. I think it is very naive to say well, OPIC says that that is not going to result in the loss of any manufacturing jobs in this country. I do not believe that.  I would argue, and maybe some of my friends who support OPIC might want to help me on this, that maybe instead of OPIC overseeing private investment corporations we want to have a domestic OPIC, a domestic OPIC. What about United States Government guaranteeing investments in the State of Vermont or in low-income communities around this country making it easier for companies to hire American workers and pay them a decent wage.  