 Speaker, we currently have a $67 billion trade deficit with China which equates to the loss of 1 million jobs. It also is lowering real wages for American workers. Should the working people of this country be forced to compete against desperate people who are paid 20 or 30 cents an hour? Should we continue a policy where corporate America throws American workers out on the street and runs to China and hires those people? I think not.  Let us support this sensible resolution. Let us end the policy which just does not work.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution.  I am not anti-Chinese.  I am not a xenophobe.  I do not want another cold war with China, and I want to see our country do everything it can to establish warm and positive relations with China.  I support this resolution because our current trade policy with China is a disaster. We currently have a $67 billion trade deficit with China, in a year in which we are experiencing a record breaking $224 billion overall trade deficit. Economists tell us that for every one billion dollars we have in a trade deficit we lose 17,000 jobs--many of them decent paying manufacturing jobs. That means that our trade deficit with China is costing us approximately 1,139,000 jobs.  Mr. Speaker, I am very concerned that, over the last 20 years, many of the largest corporations in America have invested tens of billions of dollars in China in the search for very cheap labor. They are not investing in Vermont, New York or Mississippi. They are not hiring young American workers. They are not re-building our manufacturing base. Instead, they are hiring desperate workers in China at 20 or 30 cents an hour to produce products which are then sold in the United States and elsewhere--products not meant for the Chinese market but for the world market.  The result of this whole trend is that corporate profits soar, the average American worker today is earning 12% less in inflation accounted for weekly earnings compared to 1973. In terms of hourly wages, in 1973 the average American worker earned $13.61. Today, in the midst of this so-called booming economy, that worker is earning $12.77 an hour--6% less than in 1973. I should also add that that American worker is now working 160 hours a year more than was the case 20 years ago in order to make up for the drop in his or her real wages.  Mr. Speaker, we must stop the race to the bottom. I want to see the people in China and all developing countries improve their standard of living, but we must help that happen in a way that does not hurt American workers. We must not continue to play American workers off against Chinese workers. American workers should not have to compete against the workers in China who are paid extremely low wages, who cannot form unions, who cannot even elect their political leaders.  In fairness to the working people of this country, we must not continue MFN with China.  