 What we have learned is that in terms of the drugs that seniors use, I do not know that it is different for the general population, but in terms of seniors' needs, in my State of Vermont, the most commonly used drugs by seniors cost 81 percent more in the State of Vermont than they do in Canada, same exact drugs, manufactured by companies, American companies, and they cost 112 percent more in Vermont than they do in Mexico.  Let me also mention some other information. You mentioned about how the cost of drugs in India, at least one particular drug, was significantly cheaper, the same exact product, in the same exact bottle, than you purchase here in the United States. In terms of the drugs most commonly used by seniors, if we use a figure of $1 for a drug paid in the United States, in Germany that same product would cost 71 cents, in Sweden 68 cents, in the United Kingdom 65 cents, in Canada 64 cents, France 57 cents, and Italy 51 cents. Half price in Italy. Meanwhile, the drug companies are experiencing record-breaking profits and they spend that money very freely here in Washington in campaign contributions and in lobbying.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I would like to just congratulate the gentleman on legislation he has tried to pass here in the House a couple of times which embarrassingly enough for the House of Representatives we have yet to be successful on, which is to say, when the drug is developed with public research, that the government, the taxpayers, would be reimbursed. Many of the most successful drugs were not from the pharmaceutical companies. That is what they say, we need those obscene profits to invest in research. That is not where the money goes. It goes to the stockholders, the chief executive officers, and other places. Yes, some of it goes into research, but not an inordinate amount. In fact, many of the most successful drugs are a result of research done by the National Institutes of Health. When a private company takes their research and produces and markets a drug with exclusive rights for 8 to 10 years, as happened recently with a drug for uterine cancer, this was doubly ironic, not only was the research done and the drug developed by the National Institutes of Health, at total taxpayer expense, the product, before they developed an artificial one, which produced the drug was harvested off of Federal lands, yew bark. So this company was given not only the exclusive right to use and sell these drugs which were taxpayer-created but they were also given exclusive rights to go out and harvest the yew bark off of Federal lands, and no controls were put on their profits. None. That is absolutely obscene.  The gentleman has tried over a number of years to say, here is a simple principle. If a drug company takes the public research, patents it and puts it into a drug, then we should get some reimbursement, the taxpayers should get some reimbursement for that drug development. You might even talk about that.  