 Speaker, it makes a lot of sense to me, but unfortunately, those people who make $10 or $12 an hour are not making the huge contributions to both political parties and to their Members of Congress, or to the United States Senate.  The gentleman a moment ago, and maybe we can get back to this point, touched on a very important issue that I do not think is very widely known by the American people. That is when some of our friends talk about taxes, talk about income taxes, two points to be made. Number one, when we hear somebody on television saying, let us have an across-the-board reduction in income tax, it sounds pretty good. But please understand that the bulk of those tax breaks are going to go to upper income people.  Now, the gentleman a moment ago touched on the FICA tax and Social Security. It seems to me that if we want to make our tax system a bit fairer and protect middle income and working families, we might want to take a hard look at the Social Security tax, which is extremely regressive. As the gentleman said a moment ago, somebody makes $1 billion a year, somebody makes $72,000 a year, who contributes more into the Social Security system? Answer: they both contribute exactly the same. A worker making $20,000 a year pays 6.2 percent; somebody making $1 million a year pays 6.2 percent on the first $72,000. Very regressive system.  I know that the gentleman has brought forth a proposal which is far more progressive, and maybe he might want to say a word on it, which not only protects middle and low-income workers, but it does something else very interesting. When we hear all of our friends telling us how Social Security is falling apart, the gentleman's approach would extend the life of Social Security for many years.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, it is pretty simple. They are talking about destroying the system to save it; moving toward a privatized, sink-or-swim, on-your-own system, but there is one simple fact. If we just lifted the cap and said every American will pay the same amount of Social Security tax on all of their wages, that sounds pretty fair to me. It is not progressive, even. It is not. We are not saying low income people will pay less, we are saying everybody would pay the same amount on every dollar, and that would provide more than enough money to make Social Security solvent beyond the 75-year window.  But I went a step further in my bill. I said okay, I like that, that is pretty good. We do not have to cut benefits, raise the retirement age or do things that hurt working people, and we do not have to roll the dice on some sort of individualized accounts, which have not worked out real well in Great Britain and in Chili, but what we could do also is exempt the first $4,000 of income. I would like to give a little tax relief.  So the plan I have would lift the cap and use some of that money to provide tax relief by exempting the first $4,000 of income for self-employed and for wage-earning Americans who pay FICA taxes.  Now, guess what that means? That means 95 percent of the people in the United States of America who work for wages would get a tax cut, and they would still collect their full Social Security. But 5 percent, those who earn over $76,600 a year, would pay the same amount as the other people who earn less than them.  Now, would that not be a fairer way to fix Social Security?  