R. 1402, without the poison pill amendments.  What this legislation is about is protecting family farms all over this country. I have heard some discussion tonight that what we are doing here is not democratic. Well, when we have 229 Members who are cosponsoring this legislation, I think that is democratic. If we have legislation which protects family farmers in 45 out of 50 States, I think that that is democratic. And I think we should pass this rule and pass the legislation.  This legislation would implement the Class I milk price structure known as Option 1-A as part of the final rule to consolidate federal milk marketing orders. It will protect family dairy farmers in Vermont and throughout this country from the drop in fluid milk prices that is expected in just 9 days if the proposal introduced by Secretary Glickman and the United States Department of Agriculture is implemented.  I understand that there is some confusion about the recent referendum results on USDA's federal milk market order reform plan. I have heard from many dairy farmers in Vermont saying that they had no choice. I have heard about Soviet-style legislation. This is what Soviet style legislation is: either you vote for it or you vote for nothing. And that is why the Soviet rulers always used to get 96 percent of the vote, which is what I gather this legislation has gotten. Well, the farmers in Vermont want something, not nothing, and what they want is 1-A. They want a fair price for their product.  In my State, and in virtually every State in this country, a great tragedy is occurring in rural America. It is heartbreaking and it is terrible for consumers, terrible for the environment, and terrible for the economy. What we are seeing throughout this country in rural America are family farmers, many whose families have owned the land generation after generation being driven off the land.  And if the opponents of this legislation think that it is a good idea that a handful of agribusiness corporations will control the production and the distribution of dairy products in this country, they are dead wrong. It will not be good for the consumer. The best thing that we can continue to have and to expand is family farming all over this country; to know that in our own communities, in our own States there will be family farmers producing fresh dairy products and other commodities that we desperately need.  This is a life and death issue for family farmers all over this country. I urge support of the rule and support of the legislation.  