 Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  I would just, Mr. Chairman, make a few observations. Number one, when we talk about a record-breaking trade deficit, that should suggest to every Member of this body that it is high time to make fundamental changes in our trade policy with regard to NAFTA, GATT, and Most Favored Nation status.  There is something very, very wrong when major American corporations are investing tens of billions of dollars throughout the world, including countries like China, where workers are paid 20 cents an hour and have no democratic rights; and yet it is very, very hard to get these same companies to invest in Vermont or New England or any other State in this country.  The second point that I would make is that we have heard some of our friends here say, let us have a level playing field. Let the United States do what countries in Europe are doing. I would suggest that if we follow that line of reasoning, the United States of America would institute a national health care system guaranteeing health care to all people. That is what they do in Europe.  I would suggest that the United States Government would provide free college education to all of our kids. That is what they do in many countries in Europe. I would suggest that the United States Congress would mandate 4 or 5 weeks' paid vacation for all of our workers. That is what they do in Europe.  So I find it strange that some of our friends here are saying let us have a level playing field in one area, but let us not have a level playing field in other areas.  Lastly, I would commend my friend, the gentleman from California (Chairman Rohrabacher), who makes a very sensible point. Why are we encouraging American corporations to take manufacturing jobs out of this country, lay off American workers, and take those jobs abroad, often to countries where the environmental standards are limited, where workers do not have freedom to stand up for their rights, to form a union, and where they are paid very, very limited wages? So I think that amendment makes a lot of sense.  I would also point out to those people who talk about the booming American economy to understand that American workers today are working 160 hours a year more than they did 20 years ago. I would point out to those people who talk about the booming economy that the average American worker today in real inflation accounted for wages is making less than was the case 25 years ago.  So I think, while OPIC is the tip of the iceberg, it makes no sense to me that we put taxpayers' money at risk in what clearly amounts to a corporate welfare situation.  