 Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  It seems to me that this important and interesting debate is primarily about two fundamental issues, both of great importance. The first is the issue of democracy, which I hold to be the most important issue.  I want to reiterate the fact that I believe the great crisis facing this country is that we are losing our Democratic traditions. Every Member of this body should be terribly frightened that in the last election over 80 percent of the people 24 years of age or younger did not vote. And every poll that is taken shows the young people are not interested about what is going on in government or are extremely alienated from the process. With big money controlling both political parties, many, many people have given up on the political process.  One of the reasons they have given up is they do not see the Members who they send to Congress, who supposedly represent them, fighting for their interests and participating in the important issues facing their lives. How can we stand to defend democracy when we say, oh, yes, we will have no say when the President, Democrat, Republican, liberal, conservative, can put at risk billions and billions of dollars and we have no say about that. And then we go home and we tell our constituents, get involved in the political process. They are not going to do that. That is issue number one and the most important issue.  But the second issue we hear about is the global economy. Well, if these ideas are so good, then let the President of the United States come to the Congress. He will get support if the ideas are good. What a statement it is to say that we are incapable of responding to a crisis. What a terrible and awful thing to say. If the President feels that it is necessary to appropriate or to lend substantial sums of money to a foreign government, he can come to the United States Congress, make his case; and if it is a good case, the American people will support him and the Congress will support him.  But when we talk about the global economy and all the glowing accords, I would mention to my friends go and tell that to the average American worker, whose wages today are 12 percent less than they were in 1973. Tell that to the average American worker today, who in the midst of this great global economy is working 160 hours more than he or she worked 20 years ago. Tell that to the people of Mexico, whose standard of living has declined. Tell that to the people of Russia, who have almost descended into Third World living standards.  Now, people have honest disagreements about the global economy. That is what we should be debating on the floor of the House. That is a good debate. And maybe if we do that our constituents would know that we are involved in the important issues of their lives. Is the global economy working for the steelworker, for the textile worker, for the family farmer in my State of Vermont? Some think it is, some think it is not. Let us debate that issue.  So, Mr. Chairman, I would argue for strong support for this amendment. Let us restore the democratic traditions of this country. Let us get the Congress involved on the most important issues.  