 We border on Canada, and already we had a hearing in Montpelier, Vermont, well attended, and a number of folks were coming up and they say, ``You know, Bernie, we go over the border. We have a particular problem. The drug there is 50 percent, so we are going to organize a little bit of a trip to our neighbors to the north and bring back some prescription drugs.''  And the goal of all of that is to highlight the absurdity, the outrageous situation, and let us reiterate this once again in case people get confused. We are not talking about generics, we are not talking about look-alikes. We are talking about the same exact product often in the same exact bottle sold all over the world at significantly lower prices than the United States, and we are going to do something to change that situation.  I am tired of seeing we are also asking for a study. Can you imagine how many folks, in fact, have died in this country because they cannot afford the prescription drugs? Can you imagine the absurdity of elderly people or sick people in general not being able to pay relatively small sums for their prescription drugs; what happens when they are ill? They end up in emergency rooms, they end up in the hospital, and Medicare kicks in thousands of dollars that could have been saved if these folks had their prescription drug in the first place.  Bottom line of this situation is that people are dying, people are suffering while pharmaceutical companies are enjoying record breaking profits and spending their cash all over Washington trying to prevent the Congress from doing the right thing, and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and I are going to do our best to turn the tables and finally give the American health care consumers a break, and we are going to save lives, and we are going to ease suffering, and we are going to finally help lead the effort in standing up to this very, very greedy industry.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Well, I do not want to get too far afield, but I think at this point, as I said earlier, I would like just to address the issues of trade a little bit because we do seem to have these kind of strange standards. If it would benefit American consumers to be able to purchase their drugs, the exact same drugs manufactured mostly in America, in Puerto Rico for the most part, in Canada seems trade law does not allow that. But if an American firm wants to export jobs, export capital, if an American firm wants to blackmail their suppliers into moving to Mexico to get cheaper labor, now that is okay. It is kind of an odd world.  I mean when are the American consumers and workers going to truly come out ahead on trade, or is it all just about corporate profits and driving down wages in this country? I have got to believe that that maybe is more of the agenda.  I just, as my colleagues know, have been watching for years our trade balance, and we are headed toward a record trade deficit this year. The funny thing is that the Commerce Department loves to talk about trade and how much trade benefits American people, and they say: Hey, every billion dollars of trade is worth 20,000 jobs. But if you are running a $200 billion trade deficit and you apply the ruler of our own Commerce Department, that means we have just lost a lot of jobs.  