  Mr. DeFAZIO. Well, they do not, but, as my colleague knows, I think that I mean they want to use the ruler for our exports, let us use the ruler on the imports which exceed our exports by 200 hundred million dollars. So then you multiply 200 times 20,000. I am not really very good at math, but it seems like that is going to come out to about a lot of jobs, like probably a job for just about every American who would want one and then more.  But, as my colleagues know, our greatest trade deficit has been with Japan, but that probably will be eclipsed this year by China, and the extraordinary thing is, of course, we have got a few problems with the way the Chinese behave in the international community. They are identified as the least fair trading Nation on earth. They have been identified as a Nation that provides weapons and nuclear technology to rogue States. You know, they have committed a few human rights abuses, running over students with tanks and a few other things, have, as my colleagues know, basically destroyed the country of Tibet and taken it into their country. Of course we said nothing about that because it would interfere with business.  Well, what are we so desperate about in terms of business when we are running an $80 billion trade deficit with the Chinese, an $80 billion trade deficit is what we are heading toward this year; what do they do with that money? They use that money to go around the world and buy technology to become our economic and military competitor in the next century. Credibly they are using American dollars. They allow, as my colleagues know, in a few critical American goods where they can use the technology, but for the most part they keep our goods out, but their goods are flooding into the United States.  And now the President apparently is going to propose making this situation permanent, to give China permanent, as my colleagues know, Most Favored Nation status, and secondly, to allow them to get into the World Trade Organization because the theory is some day, some how we will whip them into line and they will drop all those trade barriers and we will start to sell them Coca-Cola or something else in the billions, and we will make a lot of money.  But right now it is just a few American corporations that are in China making a bundle of money, trying to drive down wages here. Boeing has time and time again threatened to export jobs to China to their workers here in the United States as they export the technology. Of course Chinese say do not worry, we will not build airplanes, we are not going to use your technology in any critical way, and then, of course, they lied again.  