 Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) very much for yielding me this time, and I appreciate the fact that he is perhaps the conscience of this Congress in terms of human rights. We thank him very much for his work, and we applaud the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) for his leadership as well.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution which addresses the horrendous record that China has on human rights, both within their own borders and within Tibet as well.  Under the 50 years of the Chinese occupation, the Tibetan people have been denied most rights guaranteed in the universal declaration of human rights, including the rights to self-determination, freedom of speech, assembly, movement, expression, and travel.  In the 20 years after the 1959 Tibetan uprising, 1.2 million or 20 percent of Tibet's population was killed. Today the Chinese are further undermining Tibet with a massive influx of ethnic Chinese into Tibet. In some areas, Chinese outnumber Tibetans by two or three to one. With this influx, the Chinese are controlling the cultural, economic, and religious life as well as the political and military structure in Tibet.  Religious repression is one of the cruelest aspects of the Chinese regime in Tibet. Over 6,000 monasteries and sacred places have been destroyed by the Chinese who are making a concerted effort to wipe Tibetan Buddhism off the face of the Earth.  Interestingly, and one of the reasons I became involved in this issue, is that the horrendous human rights record in China struck home to the people of the State of Vermont, and specifically the people of Middlebury College Community when the Fulbright scholar and former Middlebury College student Ngawang Choephel was seized by the Chinese authorities in 1995 for the crime of doing videotaping in Tibet.  He was charged for this horrendous crime of using a videotape to record the culture of Tibet. He was charged with espionage, and the result is that he was tried in secret. No evidence has ever been made public to support the charges of espionage, which most of us think is absolute nonsense.  Ngawang Choephel was sentenced to 18 years in jail for videotaping cultural activities in Tibet. His frail elderly mother, Sonam Dekyi, who I had the privilege of meeting in Middlebury, Vermont, is spending all of her energy, not only trying to get her son out of jail, but trying to visit him, to see what is going on, and she has up to this point not been successful.  In July of last year, Ngawang Choephel was transferred to Puatromo Prison, which is a high security facility in a remote isolated area. Unlike other prisons, inmates are denied visitation rights. This is a brutal treatment for an innocent young man. Yet it is treatment of Tibetans, and worse occurs regularly under the Communist Chinese rule.  My friend, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith), chairman of the Subcommittee on International Operations and Human Rights, recognizes the plight of Ngawang Choephel and was kind enough to insert an amendment into the resolution specifically citing Choephel's unjust imprisonment as an example of China's violation of basic human rights.  I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith) as well as the gentlewoman from Georgia (Ms. McKinney) who is the ranking member, for their attention to the plight of this young man. I would also like to thank the committee chairman, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Gejdenson) the ranking member, for their commitment for human rights and for bringing this resolution forward.  I would simply conclude, Mr. Speaker, by saying that, as the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) mentioned a moment ago, I think, as important as this action is, we have got to go further and ask ourselves why we continue to provide Most Favored Nation status to China, why we continue to sit back while major corporation after major corporation throws American workers out on the street, runs to China where people are paid 20 cents and hour and have no basic democratic rights.  So I think that whole issue of trade and responsibility of an element of corporate America to perpetuate and strengthen the regime in Peking has got to be addressed as well.  