I thank the gentleman from Illinois.  Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LaMalfa).  Mr. LaMALFA. I thank Mr. Smith. I really appreciate his efforts in honoring Joe Pitts here tonight and all of the gentleman's efforts over the many years in sticking up for the values that really are important; so I thank the gentleman for that.  Madam Speaker, indeed, it is a night to recognize our leader of the Values Action Team, Mr. Joe Pitts, and all of his dedication to these important causes for our values, which are the things that, I like to say, are going to be remembered long past all the other stuff we do--the fiscal-related things and some other things--that nobody will remember. I like to think they will remember that we stood up for the things that were truly important to families, to the things that endure over time; so being able to join in tonight in recognizing our friend from Pennsylvania is a privilege for me as it was to be able--and it is--to work with Joe.  Over the few short years I have been in the House, I have gotten to know what he is about, and I respect him greatly as a man of faith and courage in standing against the tide that is pretty unpopular these days, a lot of times, in this era of political correctness where what is up is down and what is down is up. He stood in there on some very difficult issues--on life, on basic liberties, on moral conscience, and even on religious conscience. He joined in on some issues from crazy California sometimes, where I come from, in helping to fight a battle there that would allow people to have religious freedom and freedom of conscience. Again, I think a cornerstone of the founding of this country has been lost a lot of times here, in recent reinterpretations, as to what I think true, traditional values are.  He has given that voice to the unborn. He stood side by side with the Little Sisters of the Poor in their direct fight for religious liberty. He defended the conscience of Americans who should never be forced to finance something that goes against one of the very principles our Nation was founded on--life--with their religious convictions.  Joe Pitts, when it comes down to protecting conservative values in our government or outside of it, there was no issue too small, too insignificant, or anything that he would shy away from. Indeed, he inspires us to be bold, to stand up for those who can't always speak for themselves or who have been beaten down by political correctness to even be able to speak for themselves. We need these conservative values. We need visions like Joe Pitts has always exhibited. To have been able to have worked beside him these years I have been here in the House, it has been a privilege, and I appreciate his work and his courage in being fearless against a tide that sometimes I can't understand.  At the end of all of this, I think some of the most rewarding words and the ones that we can try and express here tonight--but that will be expressed in a bigger place--is: well done, good and faithful servant.  God bless Joe Pitts. Again, we thank him for his service on the Values Action Team and for all he has stood for, and I am proud to be able to stand beside him.  