Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in strong support of S. 2426, the Senate version of a bill that previously passed the House with strong bipartisan support.  I especially want to commend Chairman Matt Salmon for authoring the House version of this important measure and Senator Gardner for doing the same on the Senate side. Their leadership on this issue is much appreciated.  Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us today will help secure observer status for Taiwan at INTERPOL. The bill requires the Secretary of State to develop and execute a strategy to ensure that Taiwan participates in INTERPOL's next general assembly meeting in Indonesia. With this piece of legislation, we are sending a clear message that safety and security are a priority.  Taiwan, Mr. Speaker, as we all know, is a model of democratization and openness, a thriving nation of 23 million people. Its successful transition from authoritarianism to a thriving democracy is a shining example for so many other nations.  The sole reason that Taiwan is excluded from the international organizations is the persistent opposition of the communist government of mainland China.  But China's opposition puts politics over the safety and security of people. In a world where terrorism and international drug and human trafficking networks are global in scope, the response must be coordinated globally as well.  At this time, Taiwan relies on delayed, secondhand information from the United States about international criminals and criminal activities, making it more vulnerable to security threats. Likewise, Taiwan cannot share the law enforcement information it gathers to the benefit of INTERPOL members.  It makes no sense to exclude Taiwan from INTERPOL due to a political pique, just as it makes no sense to exclude Taiwan from the World Health Organization, another example of the government of mainland China putting politics over the health and safety of people.  But there is another reason for having a good global citizen such as Taiwan as a member of INTERPOL: INTERPOL is an organization that is in need of reform.  A number of authoritarian countries abuse the INTERPOL red notice system not against criminals, but to harass political dissidents and exiles who are unable to travel internationally for fear that they will be arrested and face extradition in their home country, where they suffer persecution, imprisonment, and even death.  For example, Jacob Ostreicher, a legitimate American businessman who was the victim of an extortion ring involving corrupt Bolivian Government officials and jailed in Bolivia, a matter on which my subcommittee held three hearings and for which I traveled to Bolivia with our colleague Nydia Velazquez, has, since his return to the United States, discovered that he has been red-noticed by vindictive Bolivian Government officials.  The red notice effectively prevents him from traveling abroad. He is currently going through a time-consuming and costly process to clear his name.  To help encourage reform at INTERPOL, we should welcome democracies such as Taiwan.  I also believe strengthening Taiwan's law enforcement capabilities benefits American citizens as much as it does the Taiwanese.  Every year, Mr. Speaker, tens of thousands of Americans travel to Taiwan, and this bill will certainly help Taiwan's police protect American citizens and other internationalists as they travel to Taiwan. It is a good bill. It is an important bill.  I reserve the balance of my time.  