Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to thank Mr. Engel for his very kind remarks and for his strong support for this legislation. This has been a great partnership with Betty McCollum, and I know it will continue. Both of us--and others, of course--are totally committed to ending chronic hunger and providing self-sufficiency in countries where it is a matter of just conveying best practices and increasing the capabilities of people and their roads and bridges. It's all very much integrated. So I want to thank her for her leadership on this very important piece of legislation.  Again, it bears saying over and over again that half of all deaths in children under 5 are attributable to undernutrition. Of course, for the others who die, very often, malnutrition is a complicating factor and it allows, as I said earlier, opportunistic diseases to take hold and to cause havoc, if not death, to that child.  There are 161 million children stunted worldwide. I was actually in the Central American country of Guatemala when they signed up for the First Thousand Days of Life. The new President has indicated when he was here that it is a very, very important part of his program.  We see it all over Africa and Asia. If nutrition is provided, it does mitigate disease. It does, for many, mean that they have a chance at life and that their immune systems are bolstered to the point where they can resist multiple attacks of various diseases and then get into adolescence and, of course, into adulthood.  This is transformative. It is bipartisan. I also think it bears repeating for my colleagues that this bill has been a long time in the making. As Betty McCollum said earlier, we passed it last Congress. And I guess, as I said earlier, the clock did run out. We did not get it up for a vote in the Senate. God willing, this time it will be different.  We have had a dozen committee hearings. I have held many of them myself in my Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, and Global Human Rights. It has been a multi-year effort and a great deal of due diligence and vetting has gone into the language. We worked, as I said earlier, very closely with Chairman Mike Conaway, and he had very, very important contributions to make. So this has been a great collaborative effort of our staff and membersof the Foreign Affairs, Appropriations, and the Agriculture Committees.  I urge Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.  