Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the STAND for Ukraine Act. I'd like to thank my good friend and colleague Mr. Engel for introducing this legislation, which aims to solidify U.S. support for Ukraine's territorial integrity, under assault by the Russian government since 2014.   Last weekend Russian-occupied Crimea took part in Russia's parliamentary elections for the first time since Russia took over the peninsula in 2014. In the judgment of OSCE election observers, the elections took place in an environment marked by ``restrictions to fundamental freedoms and political rights, firmly controlled media and a tightening grip on civil society. . . .'' In timely response, this legislation solidifies the U.S. commitment to the territorial integrity of Ukraine.   The administration has applied various sanctions to Russia. In its leading provisions, this bill will give the sanctions created by executive orders the permanence of statutory law--until Ukraine's sovereignty over Crimea is fully restored. These sanctions relate to blocking property of certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine. In addition, the bill provides that no federal agency shall take any action or extend any assistance that recognizes Russian sovereignty over Crimea.   Mr. Speaker, the Russian government's invasion of Ukraine, and particularly its land grab in Crimea--its forcible, illegal attempt to incorporate that peninsula into Russia--violated the core principles of several bilateral and multilateral agreements and treaties, including all ten of the core principles of the Helsinki Final Act.   In July I led the U.S. delegation to the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, which met this year in Tbilisi. Russian parliamentarians continually sought to undermine, and even demean and provoke the Ukrainian delegation. Mr. Speaker, our delegation provided strong and constant support for the Ukrainians. In the words of this bill's policy statement, we used our ``voice, vote, and influence in international fora to encourage others to provide assistance'' to Ukraine, particularly to restore its sovereignty and territorial integrity. In my own speeches, I focused on the issue of Crimea, and on the sharply declining human rights situation there.   Russian ``anti-extremism'' laws have been used to criminalize opposition and stifle free speech. The majority of victims have been Crimean Tatars and ethnic Ukrainians, who have been subject to killings, kidnappings, torture, harassment and intimidation.   I urge my House colleagues to support this measure that will ensure the United States' non-recognition of Russia's illegal occupation, solidify and sharpen sanctions against Russia over Crimea, and support the full territorial integrity of Ukraine.  