 President, I rise to briefly comment on the Iran sanctions conference report, which we will be voting on shortly.  I am pleased with the bill before the Senate, as I have been urging enactment of this legislation for some time. I brought it up with the President on numerous occasions over the last 6 to 8 months. I cosponsored it in the last Congress and in the current one.  Congress has been slow to act as the Iranian program to enrich uranium has progressed.  Iran has also taken advantage of the delay to blunt the impact of this measure.  Just today a headline in the Washington Post read that ``Iran is prepared for fuel sanctions.''  But this legislation should be viewed as only a part of a broader, comprehensive effort by the U.S. to harness the various means of national power to ensure that Iran does not secure a nuclear weapon.  As President Obama has stated, Iran's ``development of nuclear weapons would be unacceptable''.  We must work with our allies in the gulf to make clear to Iran that the cost of developing a weapon exceed the prestige they think they would gain from acquiring this capability.  First and foremost, the sanctions in this legislation need to be implemented and implemented quickly, not waived.  The time for further delay is past.  The collective strength of the recent U.N. Security Council resolution and this conference report must be combined to strike at Iranian shadow companies and the regime's leaders.  The need for urgency should be obvious because the threat posed to the U.S. and its allies by the revolutionary Iranian regime is grave. Its president has called for Israel to be wiped off the map. An Iranian nuclear weapon threatens to set off an arms race in the Middle East, and embolden the regime in its support of terrorist groups.  Passage of Iranian sanctions is an important first step, but only a first step.  I agree with the President that the U.S. and our allies must make clear to Iran that the development of a nuclear weapon is unacceptable.  That is why I urge passage of this conference report and all other necessary measures to deter the Iranian regime.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  