 President, I rise to pay tribute to my old friend, Kit Bond, a man who has dedicated the better part of four decades to public service, and who has never failed in all those years to put the people of Missouri ahead of himself.  As Kit puts it:       Serving Missouri has been my life's work. . . . I have      walked the land, fished its rivers and been humbled by the      honesty and hard work of our people. The highest honor is to      receive and safeguard the public trust.  But Kit also knew when to leave the field to somebody else. As he put it in his retirement announcement last year before a packed Missouri House Chamber:       In 1973, I became Missouri's youngest governor. . . . I do      not aspire to become Missouri's oldest senator.  It may have been the one ambition Kit did not pursue.  Born in St. Louis, Kit is a sixth generation Missourian. He grew up in Mexico, MO, where his grandfather founded the A.P. Green Fire Brick Company, the largest employer in town. Kit and Linda still call Mexico home.  Kit has always been an overachiever. He graduated cum laude from Princeton University and first in his class from the University of Virginia School of Law. After that, he moved to Atlanta to clerk for one of the great pioneers of the civil rights movement, Judge Elbert Tuttle of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.  After that, Kit went home to Missouri to practice law. In 1968, he ran for Congress and lost, but he did not lose his taste for politics. A year later, he was appointed Assistant Attorney General, where he ran the Consumer Protection Division under Attorney General John Danforth. The future Senate colleagues would become close friends, political allies, and dominant figures in Missouri politics for more than a generation.  In 1969, Kit was elected State auditor, and in 1972, at the tender age of 33, he was elected as the youngest Governor in the history of Missouri, and its first Republican Governor in 32 years. It was an extraordinary achievement, followed by an equally extraordinary series of events. Four years after winning the seat, he lost it to a Democrat named Joe Teasdale. But 4 years after that, he won it back from the same guy.  As Governor, one of Kit's greatest accomplishments was working with the Democratic legislature to take the Parents as Teachers pilot program statewide--a program that was designed to help parents prepare their children for the classroom and help them score higher on standardized tests.  As a young father and Governor, Kit saw how important the program was for his own son Sam. ``As a parentlooking for an `owner's manual' to care for a new baby,'' Kit said, ``[Parents for Teachers] was my lifeline.'' So in 1984, Kit signed a bill requiring all Missouri school districts to provide Parents as Teachers services.  Since its inception in the mid-1980s, this program has been immensely successful and helpful to parents all across Missouri, serving 3 million children in the State. Today, the Parents as Teachers program includes 3,000 programs and has expanded to all 50 States and seven countries.  As Governor, Kit was also a strong advocate for biotechnology and the expansion of community health centers to underserved areas.  After his success as a two-term Governor, Kit decided to follow his former boss, Senator Jack Danforth, to Washington. He won his first term with 53 percent of the vote, becoming the only Republican that year to capture a seat previously held by a Democrat. For the last 24 years, Kit has been a leader of this body.  There is no stronger advocate for the men and women of our Armed Forces than Kit Bond. He has worked hard to ensure that our Nation's veterans get the care they need and deserve. He has become an expert on Southeast Asian affairs, last year coauthoring a book on Southeast Asia and Islam entitled ``The Next Front: Southeast Asia and the Road to Global Peace with Islam.'' ``It is not difficult to convince a senator to write a book,'' Kit said. ``The hard part is convincing people to read it.''  The Senate is indebted to Kit for his service as vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. He has worked tirelessly to conduct responsible oversight of our Nation's intelligence community. He worked closely with former Chairman Rockefeller and our current chair, Dianne Feinstein. In doing so, they showed all of us the importance of working together in a bipartisan fashion on matters of national security.  Kit was instrumental in the passage of the Protect America Act and the subsequent Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Amendment Act of 2008. He worked tirelessly behind the scenes and across the aisle to combat widespread misinformation about these bills.  Regarding the FISA Amendments Act of 2008, Kit said:       There is nothing to fear in [this] bill, unless you have Al      Qaeda on your speed dial.  Over the years, Kit worked hard to improve Missouri's transportation and infrastructure. Legend has it that his staunch protection of Missouri's highway funds even led to a physical altercation one day with our former colleague, Senator Moynihan. The details are a little murky with the passage of time, and Pat denied it ever happened. But Kit claims to have been the last Senator to be ``slugged'' on the Senate floor. The rest of us learned an important lesson that day: Don't mess with Missouri's highway funding.  I think anyone who knows Kit well will tell you the last 10 years have been some of the happiest for him. Linda has made Kit a new man. I understand she has improved his diet, his fitness routine, and, thank heavens, his wardrobe. He has proudly watched his son Sam stand up and defend the Nation Kit has served his entire life. First Lieutenant Bond served two tours in Iraq, the last as a scout-sniper platoon leader, where he conducted close reconnaissance and surveillance operations in order to gain intelligence on the enemy. We all thank him for his courage and his sacrifice in defending our freedom and security.  Now, I would be remiss if I failed to acknowledge another one of Kit's loved ones--his dog Tiger, who has become sort of a YouTube celebrity around here. Tiger is, of course, named after Kit's beloved University of Missouri Tigers, and her favorite past time is lying under Kit's desk and destroying a stuffed University of Kansas Jayhawk. Tiger may not be the kind of dog one would imagine for the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Even Kit admits she is a little bit of a froufrou pet. But in Tiger's defense, Kit likes to point out that the last time she saw FDIC Chair Sheila Bair, she would not stop barking. Chairman Bair has not one but two degrees from the University of Kansas. ``I think she sniffed it out,'' Bond said.  Kit has had a tremendous career in public service. He has been elected seven times in Missouri from State auditor to his four terms in the Senate--more than anyone else in the history of the Show-Me State.  Looking back, Kit says his political adversaries kept him nimble, and the media kept him humble. Whatever the formula, Kit has been an outstanding Senator, and we will miss him terribly. I am sure it is hard for Missourians to imagine Kit outside of office. It is no easier for his colleagues to imagine the Senate without Kit. As his fourth term draws to a close, history will show he has served the people of Missouri and the people of this Nation with passion, honor, and integrity. He will be missed.  Let me just add, back in the mid-1980s, I started off in the very last seat back there, and then, 2 years later--these were not great years for Republicans. We had two freshmen my first year, and two freshmen 2 years later, Senator Bond and Senator McCain. So seniority being what it is in the Senate, I got to move out of the very last chair, moving over two more chairs, and Bond and McCain came back there and joined us.  We were such power players in those days, we referred to ourselves as the ``Not Quite Ready for Prime Time Players.''  But I must say to my friend from Missouri, you have come a long way from those early days. You have made an enormous difference in the Senate, and we will all miss you greatly.  