 President, I would hope it is not the intention of the senior Senator from New Hampshire to leave the floor. The accolades our friend and colleague, the senior Senator from New Hampshire, has just received from both sides of the aisle are richly deserved. I would hope he might be able to stay a bit longer so some of us have a chance to comment on his extraordinarily distinguished career.  He has devoted his entire life to public service, always served with a deep sense of purpose and with the overriding conviction that we must leave America in a better place than we found it, as he so articulately expressed. He has worked tirelessly for the people of New Hampshire and for all Americans, and he has been a truly invaluable member of the Republican Conference. He is the smartest guy in the room, usually the most strategic, and as witty as they come. Yet even as Judd's national profile has increased over the years as a result of his many natural gifts, he never lost sight of where he came from or the people he represents back home in New Hampshire.  Judd grew up in Nashua in southern New Hampshire and was introduced to the world of politics early on. In 1952, when he was just 5 years old, his father Hugh Gregg was elected Governor of the State. Judd went on to Phillips Exeter Academy for high school in the mid-1960s and to Columbia University after that, graduating with a degree in English in 1969. It was an eye-opening experience being in New York City, particularly in those years. Judd took it all in. He jokes that his minor in college was subway exploration.  Even as he witnessed all the student demonstrations and clashes with police on campus, he found time to dress up as the school's mascot for a time, the Columbia Royal Lion, working the sidelines at games. Judd returned north to attend law school at Boston University and got his J.D. in 1972 and then an LL.M. in tax law in 1975. Then he returned to New Hampshire to practice law.  Meanwhile, he began to venture into New Hampshire primary politics, coordinating primary campaigns for Ronald Reagan in 1976 and George H.W. Bush in 1980. It was during this time that he really developed his conservative principles. Over the years, he has stuck to those principles, and the voters have rewarded him for it. He has never lost a race--not one. Part of the reason Judd wins is that he is not afraid to lose. He would rather lose for the right reasons than win for the wrong ones.  Over the years, he has become something of a political legend in New Hampshire, and for good reason; he is the first person in New Hampshire history to serve as Congressman, Governor, and Senator. He was first elected to Congress in 1980, where he would serve four terms, and then, in what some viewed as a political gamble, he followed his father's footsteps to run for Governor in 1988. He was elected and easily reelected in 1990.  During his second term, New Hampshire, like the rest of the country, faced a difficult recession. But faced with pressure to raise the State's income tax or sales tax, he cut government spending instead. The New Hampshire Union Leader would later credit Judd as being able to manage the State through the crisis far better than anyone expected, and the Wall Street Journal ranked him ninth in its Good Governor Guide for cutting spending and keeping a lid on taxes during a serious budget crisis.  In 1992, Judd decided to run for U.S. Senate on his strong record on environmental protection and fiscal discipline. He won a close race. Upon arriving in this Chamber, Judd immediately set out to work for the people of New Hampshire. I know one of the things he is proud of in his nearly 17 years in the Senate is the work he has done to protect more than 300,000 acres of land in New Hampshire from development. He can also be justifiably proud of the remarkable work he has done as a Republican, the top Republican on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, and, most importantly from our Conference's point of view, on the Budget Committee, where his knowledge and command of the issues always impressed the rest of us. He was clearly the right man for the job. When the budget came up, I think we would all agree on our side of the aisle, when Judd stood up and had something to say, everybody quieted down and listened. You can't say that about all of us on every issue all of the time. We recognized his talents from the very beginning.  Just 2 years after arriving here, he was selected to serve as chief deputy whip as well as cochairman of Senator Dole's Senate agenda committee, a working group tasked with developing and managing the Republican agenda at that particular juncture. It was the first time in 20 years that a Senator from New Hampshire had served in a Senate leadership role.  He never hesitated to work across the aisle to get things done. Judd understood that to make something happen in this body, as he just described, it happens between the 40 yard lines, and that means both sides have to participate. He teamed up with Senator Kennedy to coauthor No Child Left Behind. Referring to that particular accomplishment, Judd once said:       I don't think any of us ever gave up our basic principles .      . . Ted just understood that even though he had strong      beliefs . . . he understood you had to legislate to      accomplish that. There was no point in just standing off in      the corner and shouting.  History will remember that Judd also played a central role in Congress's response to the financial crisis of 2008 which we all remember very well. With our Nation on the brink of economic collapse, I was to select one person to represent our point of view at that critical moment. The choice was completely obvious, the one person we had who everybody knew had no other agenda and would at the end of the day do what was right for the country. So I made him the top Republican negotiator on the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, now infamously referred to as TARP. His top priority then and throughout the entire debate over the effort was to ensure that the original package protected taxpayers by including language in the bill that stated all proceeds from the paybacks would go to reducing the debt, and he did a fabulous job.  It was because of Judd's principles, intelligence, common sense, and ability to work across the aisle, as I indicated, that I asked him to join my leadership team after I was elected Republican leader. I have relied on him heavily these last 4 years. Judd has been right in the middle of every legislative debate we have had since I have been in this position. He has never disappointed. He has been so effective, in fact, that Senator Reid gave him a couple of nicknames late in his career. First he called him the ``see-if-we-can-mess-up-the-legislation guy.'' After that, he described Judd as ``somebody who comes into a basketball game, not to score points, just to kind of rough people up, just to kind of get the game going a different direction.''  I think Judd and I would both agree that is a heck of a compliment. In fact, this is Senator Gregg's reaction to those nicknames given to him by the Democratic leader:       I appreciate the Senator's comments. I take them as a      compliment. I have been active legislatively. That is,      obviously, our job.  It is funny how people see things differently. I never saw Judd as a Bill Laimbeer-type player out on the court just to rough people up. I always saw Judd--sticking with the basketball metaphors for a moment--as the intelligent point guard, as the ideas guy with the extraordinary judgment, as the type of guy who could see the whole floor, the big picture, and could make the unselfish play that would win the game.  Over the years, that is exactly what Judd did for our team. He has been instrumental in our efforts to hold the line, slow down or call out the Democrats these past 2 years in particular on an agenda that we viewed as deeply harmful to our future. He has been an indispensable member of the team. In fact, I am not sure where we would be now without him, and sometimes I have wondered where we will be a few years down the road without him. But he leaves his example, and he leaves the knowledge he has passed on along the years, and we will all continue to draw on that in the years ahead.  Judd was recently asked what the hardest thing about being a Senator was, and he answered without hesitation. The hardest thing was being away from his family. It is another principle on which he never, ever hedged.       I made a decision early on in my career which I've carried      throughout my career--that if the choice was between being      here and being with something that was important to my      family, I would be with my family. Maybe my children feel      differently, but I don't think I have missed anything that      was really critical in their upbringing.  Which brings us to Kathy, as Judd indicated, a wife of 37 years, a cherished member of the Senate family. We are so grateful for Kathy's grace and patience with the demands of public life, along with her important work in education, promoting the arts, the environment, and historic preservation, as well as her work in raising awareness about child abuse. Somehow, she and Judd's three children--Molly, Sarah, and Joshua--managed to put up with Judd's three decades of public service, and we thank them all for sharing Judd with us all these years in Washington.  One of Judd's greatest assets as a Senator has been his profound love for this institution and his gratitude for having had a chance to serve as a Member of it. He never took this place or this job for granted. As he once put it:       From my first day in the Senate to today, I remain in awe      of this fabulously interesting place. When I'm on the floor      and I look around and take in its history, it never ceases to      hit me that this is the most successful deliberative      democracy in history. It's an honor to serve there.  To say that I tried to convince Judd to stay is an understatement.  But he knew it was his time to move on and to write the next chapter in his life. While Senators come and go all the time, I cannot help but note that when Judd walks out of this Chamber--when he walks out of this Chamber for the last time--he will leave an enormous void.  So I will close, old friend and colleague, by saying you certainly are going to be missed. We wish you well in your future endeavors. Thank you for your service. You have done an extraordinary job.  I yield the floor.  