 President, I rise today to congratulate the Campbellsville University Lady Tigers volleyball team, winners of the first national title for a team sport in that university's history. On December 5, 2009, the Lady Tigers swept the top-seeded Mount Vernon Nazarene University Cougars in three sets to win the National Christian College Athletic Association, NCCAA, Division I Women's Volleyball National Championship.  The Lady Tigers' winning championship game capped an eight-match win streak through the NCCAA Mid-East Regional Tournament and the NCCAA National Tournament. Every player on the team contributed to this victory. The members of this championship team are Shannon Cahill, Lilian Da Silva, Caitlin Dresing, Whitney Haynes, Samantha James, Jovana Koprivicia, Brooke Marcum, Caroline Martin, Renee Netherton, Lilian Odek, and Christiana Sindelar.  Two players also notched career highs on the way to this national championship. Senior Jovana Koprivicia of Serbia passed the 1,000 dig mark early this season, proving her a crucial part of this team's defense.  Senior Renee Netherton of Louisville, KY, passed the 1,000 kill mark for her career in the final national championship match. Each one of those kills represents a point for the Lady Tigers that kept them on their march to victory.  Winning the NCCAA national championship is obviously one of the greatest thrills of these girls' lifetimes. ``I'm a little nervous to take my uniform off, because once I do it's over,'' senior Renee Netherton said. ``I'm excited we went out so strong. It's such a great feeling to be able to picture that last hit in my head. That's going to stay with me forever.''  Success came often to the Lady Tigers this season. They finished second in the Mid-South Conference, won the NCCAA Mid-East Region, and received votes in both the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, NAIA, and NCCAA national polls all season.  Head coach Randy LeBleu not only saw his team win the championship, he also was named the NCCAA Division I Coach of the Year. He coached the Lady Tigers to 38-13 overall, a program record for wins in a season. This was his fifth and final season as the Lady Tigers' head coach; he finishes with a 172-52 career record. Assistant coach Amy Eckenfels, who played a key role in bringing this team to the championship, will take over as head coach next season.  Founded in 1906, Campbellsville University has a tradition of teaching academic excellence, instilling a love of life-long learning, and nurturing an environment of Christian fellowship. Attracting students from 97 Kentucky counties, 30 States and 37 foreign nations, they have a student body of 3,000 and enrollment is increasing. Kentucky is grateful for the presence and the rewards of Campbellsville University.  I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Campbellsville Lady Tigers for their impressive season and for being the NCCAA Division I Women's Volleyball National Champions. Surely much success lies ahead for the members of this winning team.  