 President, I rise to pay tribute to a man who has made the most of a short tenure here in the Senate. Shortly after George LeMieux was sworn in last September he said that his goal was to get years of work done in 16 months. And I don't think there is any doubt the junior Senator from Florida made good on that promise.  In his short tenure, George has served the people of Florida with honor, integrity, and purpose. And while he may be leaving us soon, I am certain this will not be the last time we hear from this incredibly gifted man.  George grew up in Coral Springs, FL, or ``God's country'' as he refers to it. He went on to college at Emory, where he graduated magna cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa. As an undergraduate, George interned for Congressman Clay Shaw and Senator Connie Mack. And then it was on to Georgetown for law school and then private practice back home in Florida.  George got his start in local politics as chairman of the Broward County Young Republicans. He then went on to make his own bid for the Florida State house in 1998, knocking on more than 10,000 doors in the heavily Democratic district he was hoping to represent.  Despite George's own campaign loss, he impressed a lot of Republicans and was elected chairman of Broward County Republican Party. In 2003, he was asked to serve as deputy attorney general. And George answered the call, leaving the law firm he was working in at the time. As deputy attorney general, George was responsible for a team of 400 lawyers. He also argued and won a death penalty case that earned a unanimous ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court.  George would go on to serve as the chief of staff to Florida Governor Charlie Crist overseeing the Governor's legislative agenda, policy initiatives, and messaging.  After a year as chief of staff, George wanted to return home to his young family. ``I've got three little men at home,'' George said at the time, ``and a wife who's a saint.''  Despite the demands of work, George has always made sure not to lose sight of his first priorities. And we have all seen and been touched by the special pride he has for his wife Meike and their three boys Max, Taylor, and Chase, and their newborn daughter Madeleine.  After a couple of years of private practice, George got the call again to serve when Mel Martinez announced he was retiring from the Senate.  And from the moment he got here, he was determined to do the best job he could. He wasn't going to be a placeholder or a seat warmer, as he put it. Floridians expected vigorous and principled representation, and that is exactly what they got. At the time of his appointment, George may have been the youngest sitting Member of the Senate, but that didn't stop him from rolling up his sleeves and getting to work. He made an immediate impact by inserting himself into the health care debate as an eloquent and passionate opponent of greater government intervention and an enemy of waste, fraud, and abuse. And the first bill he introduced was the Prevent Health Care Fraud Act of 2009, which proposed a more aggressive approach to recovering the billions of dollars that are lost each year to health care waste, fraud, and abuse.  George has been deeply involved in efforts to raise awareness about the national debt and promoting free trade. He has been involved in Latin American and Cuban policy. And he was a leader on the gulf oilspill.  He has worked tirelessly to hold BP and the administration accountable fo the cleanup and the protection of Florida's beaches. He has been an outspoken critic of the bureaucratic red tape that kept more skimmers from cleaning up the Florida coast. And through his relentless efforts at exposing this lax response, he was able to get dozens of skimmers sent to the Florida coast for cleanup. As George put it at the time, ``We must ensure that BP does not abandon the hardworking families, businesses, and local communities devastated by the spill once the media leaves . . .'' After just a few months of on-the-job training as U.S. Senator, George had found his voice in the midst of the largest environmental disaster in U.S. history.  Upon arriving in this Chamber, George has always maintained a pro-business, anti-tax, and anti-waste voting record, which has made him the recipient of several awards. In August of this year, George was recognized as the ``Taxpayer Hero'' by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste for his work to expose and end wasteful government spending. 