 President, last month, the President nominated his friend and member of his administration, Solicitor General Elena Kagan, to a lifetime position on the Supreme Court. Ms. Kagan has never been a judge and only practiced law for 2 years as a junior associate before her current position as Solicitor General. She has largely been an academic, administrator, and policy advocate and advisor.  So we have not had a lot of information about her background.  But recent documents from her time as a policy advocate in the Clinton administration have shed more light on her views. And, in my view, they help answer the question some have asked as to whether she would be able to transition into a very different kind of role; namely, that of an impartial jurist Americans expect to sit above the political fray.  As a judge on our highest court, Ms. Kagan would no longer be a member of President Obama's team. Rather, her job would be to apply the law even-handedly to persons and groups with whom she might not necessarily empathize. And in that regard, it is instructive to see how she's viewed the law and applied it when it comes to persons and groups with which she may not agree.  I previously discussed Ms. Kagan's role in the Citizens United case. Here was a case in which the government said it could block a small nonprofit corporation from showing a movie that it made about then-Senator Hillary Clinton because it viewed the film as the kind of political speech that was prohibited by Federal campaign finance laws.  This was not only the first case Ms. Kagan argued as a member of the Obama administration; it appears to have been the first case she has ever argued in any court. And in it, she and her office took the position, at different points in the case, that the Federal Government had the power to ban videos, books and pamphlets if it didn't like the speech or the speaker, a shocking position for the solicitor general of a nation that has always prided itself on a robust exchange of ideas under the first amendment.  