  Sam promised his constituents that he wouldn't run for more than two full 6-year terms in the Senate, and Sam has honored that pledge.  Let me just say at the outset that Sam has been an outstanding Senator and an example of principled leadership to all of us. He has served the people of Kansas with great distinction and honor, and I am certain he will continue to do so as he takes on new challenges in Topeka.  Sam is a born leader. He was raised in the small town of Parker, KS, where his mom and dad still live and farm today, and his many talents were evident early on. In high school, he was State president of the Future Farmers of America. As an undergraduate at Kansas State University, he was elected president of the student body, and he was elected class president in law school, too, at the University of Kansas. After law school, Sam worked as a lawyer in Manhattan, KS, for 4 years before being appointed as the secretary of the Kansas Board of Agriculture.  From 1990 to 1991, Sam was accepted as a White House fellow under President George H.W. Bush, where he worked for the U.S. Trade Representative. Three years after that, he ran for Congress as part of the Republican revolution and was overwhelmingly elected to Kansas's Second District. It was the first time in Sam's life that Republicans had the majority in the Congress, and he was a part of it. He planned to make the most of it by focusing on limiting the size and reach of the Federal Government.  But Sam's tenure in the House was brief. In 1996, just 2 days after Senator Dole announced his plan to resign from the Senate to run for President, Sam announced he would seek the Republican nomination in a special election to serve out the final 2 years of Dole's term. Sam handily defeated the former Lieutenant Governor who had been appointed to fill Senator Dole's seat earlier that spring.  In the general election, Sam's campaign message was simple. He called it the three Rs: reduce, reform, and return:       Reduce the size of and scope of the Federal Government.      Reform Congress. Return to the basic values that had built      the country: work and family and the recognition of a higher      moral authority.  Sam's message resonated with the people, many of whom feared their government had become, as Sam stated, ``their master, not their servant,'' and easily defeated his opponent with 54 percent of the vote. Sam would go on to be reelected to full terms in 1998 and 2004, capturing an astounding 65 and 69 percent of the vote.  While in the Senate, Sam has been a leader among his peers. He has been outspoken and has fought hard for the people of Kansas and for the underprivileged around the world.  Sam is an ardent defender of life and of the protection of the unborn. ``I see it as the lead moral issue of our day,''Sam said, ``Just like slavery was the lead moral issue 150 years ago.'' Sam opposes Roe v. Wade, has a 100-percent pro-life voting record, and sponsored numerous bills in support of the unborn.  In 1995, Sam was diagnosed and treated for melanoma and it had a profound effect on his life. Sam said:       With the cancer, I did a lot of internal examination. My      conclusion was that if this were to be terminal, at that      point in time I would not be satisfied with how I had lived      my life. I had tried to be a Christian, but I had failed. . .      .  Surviving cancer, Sam found out just how precious life was, and with his new lease on life, Sam began to devote his life and work in the Senate to humanitarian causes around the world. Sam has actively fought to bring awareness to the genocide in Darfur. Sam supported the Sudan Peace Act of 2002 and the Darfur Peace and Accountability Act of 2002. In 2004, Sam visited Darfur to see violence and suffering firsthand, and that same year he supported the Congressional Declaration of Genocide.  In addition to his advocacy work on Sudan, Sam has worked on numerous other humanitarian challenges throughout the world, including Iran, Afghanistan, Uganda, the Congo, Pakistan, Ukraine, China, North Korea, and Vietnam. 