 But, as sometimes happens in the Senate, it got all snarled up with a variety of other matters.  I would like to propound an alternative consent with the following explanation. When you review the record on this bill, you will find that we have had exactly two votes. One was a motion to proceed, and the other was on an amendment offered by the majority. The majority leader has filled the tree on three separate occasions on three different substitutes. In effect, we have been completely shut out on the floor in terms of amendments we wanted to offer. We basically had to ask permission to offer amendments. I don't like that kind of process, but to get things moving, we actually gave the other side copies of our first few amendments almost 2 weeks ago--2 weeks ago. We were told the other side would want alternatives to our amendments, and it took until about an hour ago--an hour ago--before they produced their amendments.  So to be clear, the majority leader moved to proceed to this bill on June 24, and since the time the bill was actually pending, the small business bill was set aside to consider six other legislative matters during that period. And although I supported a number of those other issues, the fact is, we have not had any opportunity to offer amendments.  Having said that, I believe a better way forward is as follows:  I ask unanimous consent that the cloture motions with respect to the small business substitute and bill be vitiated.  I further ask that the following amendments be in order to the Reid substitute: the Johanns 1099 repeal, the Hatch R&D, the Hatch tax hike prevention, the Grassley biodiesel, the Sessions amendment on spending caps, a Hutchison amendment on nuclear loan guarantees, a McCain amendment on border security, and a Kyl amendment on death tax.  I further ask unanimous consent that it be in order for the majority to offer a relevant side-by-side to any of the above-mentioned amendments.  Before the Chair rules, I would tell the majority leader that I will work with each of our sponsors to lock in reasonable time agreements on these amendments.  Therefore, Mr. President, I propound that alternative consent.  