 President, today, tomorrow and the next day marines and soldiers will patrol the streets of places like Marja and Garmsir and assist Afghan policemen in the areas around Kandahar.  They are well trained, they are intent on accomplishing the mission they have been given, and they are supported by loving families here at home.  For their sacrifice, they ask little. They ask that they be well led, prepared, and to have clear-cut missions and guidance. They ask that their families be cared for.  We have become so used to their sacrifice in the days, months, and years since September 11, 2001, that it may become easy to take the extraordinary service rendered by this All-Volunteer Force for granted.  So easy, it seems, that the funding request submitted by Secretary Gates in February to fund combat operations has languished here in the Congress for months.  As a Senate, we should not take this sacrifice for granted.  Secretary Gates spoke to my Republican colleagues and me about the need to pass the defense supplemental so the training and pay of our military would not be at risk.  He has also written to the majority leader and asked that we finish this supplemental before the August recess so that he will not be forced to furlough thousands of civilian employees at the Department of Defense.  It has taken until this late date to now vote once again on funding for our All-Volunteer Force. With each passing day we approach the end of the fiscal year and Secretary Gates loses the ability to shift funding from other activities in the Defense Department to the training of our forces scheduled to deploy.  I am afraid we are losing sight of the purpose of these war supplemental bills. These bills are not for forward-funding domestic programs. They are not for funding projects that won't pass elsewhere.  It would be irresponsible to give the House any further reason to shirk the responsibility of getting this funding to our fighting forces.  We need to pass this supplemental tonight, send it back to the House and reject any delaying tactic or additional matters that can wait for future consideration in this session.  