 Let me make a few brief observations and then I will do precisely that.  The majority wants to make this debate about Republicans opposing something. Let me be perfectly clear: The only things Republicans have opposed in this debate are job-killing taxes and adding to the national debt. We have offered ways of paying for these programs and we have been eager to approve them.  What we are not willing to do is to use worthwhile programs as an excuse to burden our children and our grandchildren with an even bigger national debt than we already have. So the biggest reason the cloture vote we just had failed is because Democrats simply refused to pass a bill that does not add to the debt. That is the principle we are fighting for in this debate, and let me suggest that I can prove it. In a moment I will offer a 1-month extension of the expired unemployment insurance benefits, COBRA subsidy, flood insurance program, small business lending program, and the 2009 poverty guidelines. This extension would be fully paid for using the very same stimulus funds that our friends on the other side just voted--almost unanimously--to redirect for these purposes. Let me repeat that. We would pay for the extension with a Democratically approved stimulus offset.  If the Democrats object to extending these programs using their own stimulus offset to pay for them, then they will be saying loudly and clearly that their commitment to deficit spending trumps their desire to help the unemployed.  Let's be clear about the principle that is at stake here. Are our friends on the other side willing to extend these programs without adding to the debt? That is the real question in this debate.  So, in that regard, I ask consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 4853; that all after the enacting clause be stricken and the McConnell amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill as amended be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.  