 President, today I am introducing a bill with Senate Judiciary Chairman Lindsay Graham for the private relief of Maria Isabel Bueso Barrera and her parents. Ms. Bueso is a Guatemalan national living in Concord, California. She has a rare medical condition and her removal from the United States would deprive her of lifesaving medical care.  Ms. Bueso suffers from a rare, life-threatening disorder called Mucopolysaccharidosis Type VI (MPS-VI)--a rare genetic condition caused by the absence of an enzyme that is needed for the growth of healthy bones and connective tissues. Ms. Bueso uses a wheelchair for mobility, has a shunt in her brain, and requires a tracheotomy to help her breathe.  In 2003, Ms. Bueso and her family came to the United States at the invitation of doctors who were conducting a clinical trial to treat her condition. That trial led to Food and Drug Administration approved treatment for MPS-VI. Ms. Bueso now receives this life-saving treatment every week at UCSF Children's Hospital in Oakland, CA, where she undergoes a 6-hour infusion of a prescription drug that replaces the enzyme that people with MPS-VI lack. Ms. Bueso has participated in six other medical trials.  For the past 10 years, Isabel and her family received deferred action from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services so that she could continue receiving the treatments that keep her alive. This treatment is not available in Guatemala.  On August 13, 2019, USCIS notified Ms. Bueso and her family that their extensions of deferred action were denied, and that they would be deported if they did not leave the United States within 33 days. This decision was effectively a death sentence for Ms. Bueso. On September 3, 2019, USCIS announced that they would reconsider her case, but a final decision has not been made.  Ms. Bueso has beaten the odds because of the life-saving treatment that she has received in the United States. She is now 24 years old, and a 2018 graduate of California State University, East Bay. She has become an outspoken advocate on behalf of people with rare diseases. Her family pays taxes, owns a home, and is active in their community.  The Bueso family should be allowed to remain in California, where they will continue to enrich their community, and where Isabel will be able to receive the care that allows her to survive and thrive.  The legislation that Chairman Graham and I are introducing today would provide a permanent solution for Isabel and her parents. I ask my colleagues to support this private bill, which makes the Bueso family eligible for issuance of an immigrant visa or for adjustment of status.  