  Here is a man seeking approval of his appointment. The ranking member of the Judiciary Committee sends him a letter asking two very valid questions, and there is no response. That told me something very loud and clear.  Over the past year, we have seen several other investigations arising out of the Southern District of New York, the Eastern District of Virginia, and the District of Columbia, where prosecutors are looking into crimes involving foreign donations into the Trump inauguration committee, money laundering, campaign finance violations, as well as possible efforts by Russian agents to assist the Trump campaign during the election. When asked about these investigations at his hearing, Mr. Barr refused to pledge they would be protected from interference. He refused to pledge that these valid investigations would be protected from interference.  For example, Senator Coons asked, ``If the President ordered you to stop the [Southern District of New York] investigation in which someone identified as individual one is implicated, would you do that?''  Mr. Barr responded that ``every decision within the department has to be made based on the attorney general's independent conclusion and assessment that it's in accordance with the law, so I would not stop a bona fide lawful investigation.''  However, this qualification of ``a bona fide, lawful investigation'' is all important. In his 19-page memo, Mr. Barr clearly wrote this: ``The full measure of law enforcement authority is placed in the President's hands, and no limit is placed on the kinds of cases subject to his control and supervision,'' including ``matters in which he has an interest.'' I really see why he was nominated. This is the offering of complete protection from the law by the Attorney General--future Attorney General, if he should become one.  Mr. Barr went on to argue that if the President determined ``an investigation was bogus, the President ultimately had legitimate grounds for exercising his supervisory powers to stop the matter.'' This would mean that the President could stop the Mueller investigation, which the President has repeatedly described as a ``witch hunt'' and ``hoax.''  It also means that if Donald Trump decided the Southern District of New York's investigation was, in Mr. Barr's words, ``bogus,'' the President would have the right to stop the investigation. Think about that. Think about the ramifications of that.  When Senator Blumenthal asked Mr. Barr during his hearing, ``If the President fired a United States attorney, would you support continuing that investigation, even under the civil servants, the career prosecutors, who would remain?''  Mr. Barr replied, ``Yeah . . . I believe, regardless of who or what outside the department is trying to influence what is going on, every decision within the department relating to enforcement, the attorney general has to determine independently that--that it is a lawful action.''  Think about that. The Attorney General becomes the arbiter, independently, of what a lawful action comprises. But, again, according to this memo, firing a U.S. attorney, even if it implicates the President's own personal interests, is a lawful action by the President.  During this hearing, Mr. Barr stated that ``the President can fire a U.S. attorney. They are a presidential appointment.''  The meaning of this is clear: Prosecutors in these cases can be fired arbitrarily by the President of the United States under his plenary authority.  As I said at the outset, the question is whether Mr. Barr is the right person for the job at this time. The memo that I am quoting from I spent a full day reading and thinking about, and it was the most extreme case for Presidential power that I have ever read. In and of itself, it gives me cause to believe this is why--I could be wrong, but this is why he received that nomination.  Given the broad implications of Presidential power and unlimited control Mr. Barr believes this President has over law enforcement matters, I cannot support this nominee to serve as Attorney General. At this critical time in our Nation's history, we must have an Attorney General who is objective and who is clearly committed to protecting the interests of the people, the country, and the Constitution.--not the President.  I yield the floor.  