Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 115, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert      ``(reduced by $22,703,000)''.       Page 265, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert      ``(increased by $22,703,000)''.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 794, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 90 seconds.  This bipartisan amendment would zero out funding for an obsolete, archaic system--the so-called Selective Service.  Thirty-nine years ago, the Russians invaded Afghanistan. Jimmy Carter, in one of the moments of his rather pathetic Presidency, decided that we would send two symbols to the Russians: we wouldn't go to the Olympics, and we would reinstate registration for the draft despite the fact that his own Selective Service had just come up with a report showing that the need for Selective Service was obsolete and unnecessary.  They tried to recall all of the reports. They didn't. Senator Mark Hatfield obtained one, and it was printed in the Congressional Record. The Selective Service, itself, decided its time was gone, but we reinstated it as a symbol of our opposition to the Russians.  So here we are today, 39 years later, wasting $23 million a year in making every male American, at the age of 18, register for a draft that will never, ever again happen, under penalty of felony of law, of the deprivation of Federal assistance, of Federal jobs, and of otherthings--for life--if they fail to register. Yet we are still here tonight to defend it.  The chairman will say: Well, we are going to study this. We are going to study it and decide whether or not we might still need this someday. Yet, of course, the Department of Defense, itself, says: We do not want a draft. We like to select highly qualified people for our all-volunteer military.  In fact, in March, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said: ``The thing I'd like to say about the Selective Service System and the draft, generally, is this: We want to pick our own people. We don't want people to be forced to serve us.'' Yet the chairman of the committee will rise in a vain attempt to defend this wasteful system.  I reserve the balance of my time.  