Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of S. 1523.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House is again considering legislation to reauthorize EPA's National Estuary Program. Last summer the House approved by voice vote a similar bill championed by my colleagues, the gentlemen from Washington (Mr. Larsen) and Florida (Mr. Murphy). I thank them for their hard work and dedication to produce this important piece of legislation.  Estuaries are integral to the health and vibrancy of our national economy and environment. They are formed, as we all know, when fresh water drained from land mixes with salty seawater, and they serve as a nesting and feeding grounds for many plants and animals that form the basis of the aquatic food chain.  Estuaries also help to maintain healthy ocean and coastal environments by filtering out sediments and pollutants that flow through our rivers and streams before they reach the ocean. Moreover, during storm and flood events, estuaries help defend our shores by softening the blow of storm surge.  More than one-half of our population lives in coastal areas, and countless Americans depend on estuaries for storm and flood protection, and for the cultivation of their livelihoods. Estuarine habitats provide for millions of jobs in our country and contribute trillions to our national economy every year. These jobs are created by commercial and recreational fishing and boating, as well as tourism and other forms of recreation taking place just off our shores. As one of my colleagues noted during previous consideration of this legislation, restoring our estuaries can create more than 30 jobs for every $1 million invested.  Regrettably, before we understood--fully understood--the extraordinary and irreplaceable value of estuaries, numerous activities were undertaken that have led to the decline in the health of our estuaries, leaving these coastal areas of our country vulnerable to pollution and more frequent and severe storm events. It is also undeniable that the population growth near estuaries has led to increased storm water runoff and sewage discharges fed into these fragile environments. Simply put, estuaries are too ecologically important to leave their fate to chance.  With that in mind, today we consider S. 1523, desperately needed legislation that will reauthorize EPA's National Estuary Program. Since 1987, the National Estuary Program has operated at EPA in partnership with State and local partners and has developed innovative solutions to local water quality problems in estuarine environments. This nonregulatory program currently works to improve the health of 28 estuaries across the country, including three estuaries in Northwest: Puget Sound, Tillamook, and Columbia River estuaries. These estuaries are of great support to my home State, Oregon, and our regional and national economies.Restoring and protecting these areas should be one of our highest concerns.  Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill would ensure that logical organizations across the country in partnership with the EPA can protect and restore estuaries for the benefit of future generations. I support passage of this legislation and hope that this is the last time this House must act to send this important bill to the President.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 1523.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  