 Mr. Speaker, the gentleman mentioned in his opening remarks one of the greatest disappointments. This bill did come out of committee unanimously--bipartisan--in a very fiscally responsible manner, which is that welevy a tax on all goods that are imported into this country. Every American pays a little bit more for any imported good he buys under the premise that that money will be used to maintain and construct our harbors and critical port facilities.  Unfortunately, every year, the Republicans have seen fit to divert $400 million to $500 million of that tax into something else. They spend it somewhere else. They pretend they are reducing the deficit--whatever. We do not know. Meanwhile, our harbors are silting in; our jetties are failing; and many major projects are delayed. In fact, we are going to authorize a bunch of new projects here--billions of dollars worth of projects. Unfortunately, the Corps already has authorized--but yet has unconstructed and unfunded--$68 billion worth. They are saying we can't use the tax dollars--that we can't use the dollars which Americans are paying a little bit more of for all of their imported goods--for the purpose for which the law was intended: dredging our harbors. Here are just two examples.  We have Savannah--a major project. We have to deal with the post-Panamax ship. Unfortunately, we are going to have a $15 million-a-year deficit in terms of maintaining that project once it is constructed. We also have the Port of Charleston--$5 million a year short. Now, if that $400 million were not being diverted by the Republican majority to other purposes, those projects and others around the country could be fully funded.  I have been working on this provision for 20 years, starting with Bud Shuster, the dad of the current chair of the committee. It came out of committee unanimously with support on the Republican and Democratic sides; yet the Rules Committee stripped it out. They stripped it out because they want to keep playing with that money and diverting it away from critical needs.  Then one other thing. We are talking about critical infrastructure and the huge backlog. There is an earmark in this. Earmarks are banned. Technically, they kind of get around that. There is a $520 million earmark for a project that has had no cost-benefit analysis, that has not been approved by the Corps of Engineers but that, in fact, will include such critical infrastructure as a splash park, a swimming pool, ball fields, et cetera. Harbor maintenance tax dollars will be spent on these projects in a $520 million boondoggle that has never had a cost-benefit analysis because one member of the Appropriations Committee managed to slip it into an appropriations bill years ago. Then, with a little sleight of hand, he said: ``Oh, well. Yeah. It was never authorized, never evaluated; but if we tweak it a little bit and say, `Well, we are modifying it,' then we can say, `Oh, it is okay.'''  This is not exactly on the up-and-up here today, folks. We are diverting precious tax dollars away from critical infrastructure to whatever kind of special things the Republicans have somewhere else that they want to fund, and we are funding boondoggles and earmarks to the tune of a half a billion dollars.  