 Mr. Speaker, I might be the only Member of Congress who has ever worked under the Older Americans Act. Another young man and I--obviously, many years ago--started the first Senior Companion Program in region 6, the Pacific Northwest.  These employment programs are fabulous. There are two things that we need to keep in mind for seniors. The first is the vulnerability of many: the economic vulnerability, the nutritional vulnerability, their medical vulnerability, and the needs that have to be served there. The other is that a lot of people are retired--over the age of 60--who still have a tremendous amount to contribute to this country.  Through the Older Americans Act and these Senior Community Service Employment Programs, we are, actually, utilizing their talents. The particular program I ran employed 60 low-income seniors to go out and work in the community with other even more vulnerable seniors, who were in their homes, in order to try and keep them in their homes, to keep them independent--a better quality of life for them and a heck of a savings for the taxpayer--because nobody can afford nursing homes in America except the richest among us. Inevitably, when seniors have to go into nursing homes, they are going to end up on Medicaid at some point, which is very expensive. So, if we can keep them at home, they are happier, and we save money.  On the other vulnerabilities, nutritional vulnerability is the largest bulk. The single largest category under the Older Americans Act goes to the nutrition programs, which are the senior Congregate Meal sites and the Meals on Wheels. I would urge anybody who is not particularly familiar with these programs to go to one or the other and see how important this is to so many millions of older Americans every year. Often, the only time they will see other people in a day is if they are at the senior Congregate Meal sites or if they are at home and someone shows up with Meals on Wheels. I have delivered Meals on Wheels and have seen seniors, basically, just cry to be getting a little bit of attention at home and getting a meal that will get them through the day.  