Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Well, Groundhog Day came a month earlier this Congress. That is how I described this bill 2 years ago, July, because this is the third time that we have considered this bill. Now, we must admit the rationale has changed. Just last week--last week--it was named the Zika Control Act. But before that, it was the Regulatory Burden Removal Act.  So the first time it was considered, it was H.R. 1749. That one, the 109th Congress defeated. That was for West Nile virus--whoops. Then H.R. 872, last Congress, Reducing the Regulation Burdens Act, at the request of the American Farm Bureau because of a huge burden; and now just renamed last week, we are going to try and game a very serious thing, which is the potential spread of Zika, for which the Republicans thus far have appropriated zero dollars to help the States--zero. Now we are going to pretend we are doing something here today about Zika. It is not about Zika.  Now, this is pretty darn personal for me because the reason we have this rule is because of a huge, massive fish kill in Oregon--a misapplication of pesticide, an aquatic pesticide, into an irrigation canal. We are talking about applications in or near water.  People drink water, fish swim in water, and other things are dependent upon water. We are talking about, no, we don't want to have the EPA watch the pesticide operators who are putting pesticides in or around water. They should not be allowed to do that.  Now, 92,000 steelhead died in Oregon, and that was essentially the beginning of this rule. Now they are saying this is horribly burdensome.  Well, first off, in my State, my one, little, isolated State, we have 825 miles of rivers that are showing a significant level of pesticides, 10,000 acres of lakes. Nationwide, it is hundreds of thousands of miles, tens of thousands of miles and hundreds of thousands of acres.  We haven't been testing for pesticide residues in water, in drinking water, until very recently. But now we don't want to do that anymore. We don't want people to know. Let's just stop, because this is a horrible burden.  Well, actually, not so much. This is controlled at two levels: the EPA and the States. Now, we just heard one anecdote about an aerial applicator in one State that just came up yesterday, unnamed, anecdotal, they suspended operations. Why? Who knows why? We don't know why. There are no facts behind it. But we should end the whole program nationwide because of one anecdote regarding one applicator who may have been misapplying it in Colorado. We don't know.  So the committee asked the EPA and the States, how many people have complained and have had their operations interrupted? Interesting answer: zero and zero. The 50 States say zero, except we now hear about an anecdote in Colorado, and the EPA says zero.  So now we are going to pretend this has something to do with Zika. This has nothing to do with Zika. It has to do with whether or not someone is going to misapply a pesticide that is going to get in your drinking water.  Now, we should become kind of sensitive about drinking water after what happened in Michigan, but, nah, we don't care. Get rid of those stinking regulators. Don't worry. No one would ever misapply a pesticide. It won't get in your drinking water and won't kill fish--even though it clearly did that in Oregon. So this is really a kind of transparent renaming and opportunistic approach to Zika.  How about considering a real bill to put some real money to partner with the States to deal with this? By the way, they can spray wherever they want because of a declared emergency, so it is automatically covered.  But we are going to pretend that somehow we are going to facilitate the spread of Zika if we don't wipe out the EPA's authority to keep pesticides out of our water. This has been defeated twice before. Even though it was creatively renamed in the last week, I would recommend that my colleagues oppose it yet again.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  