 Mr. Speaker, well, let's just set the record straight. Only two countries have privatized. That is Canada and Great Britain.  In the case of Great Britain, the government and the taxpayers had to come in and bail out the corporation. In the case of Canada, it was a very prolonged transition, 7 or 8 years, which would set back NextGen for a generation. So those were not without their problems.  There is a MITRE report, which looks at all of the other conversions around the world which were government corporations, not private corporations. So there are only two that have gone to private corporations.  All the other countries that have changed over have gone to government corporations, and they also had transition issues. I mean, it is very instructive.  We haven't held hearings on the MITRE report or the recent GAO report that point to the potential for disruption and seeing that this proposal won't cause the sorts of disruptions that happened in other countries.  On the issue of mandatory spending, we would still, as the authorizers, have the authority to direct that agency much more so than we will have if we give it to a private corporation.  According to the most recent CBO report, they deem that this corporation will be mandatory spending and it will be a private corporation which will have the authority to tax.  So we are giving authority to a private corporation to establish some sort of a fee or tax structure--they can't tax; so it will be fees of some sort--a fee for the amount of space that you take up in an airplane when you are flying over the country--who knows what those fees will be--we don't know--which would be potentially disruptive and potentially disadvantage other users of the system, which is why you have all the regional airlines that fly 62 percent of the flights every day opposed to this bill.  You have Delta Air Lines, the largest airline, opposed to bill. You have the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association opposed to this bill. You have business aviation opposed to this proposal because they don't know what this fee structure will be and how it might or might not discriminate against them.  So what I propose is that you keep the existing structure, which everybody can live with. Now, the airlines don't like it because every time I buy an airline ticket and I pay the excise tax, the airlines say that is their money.  I say no. That is actually a tax that is levied on me, as a passenger, which goes to the government. It is not their money.  But they think they can create a system where it won't be taking money out of their pocket, which they say the excise taxes do. But I don't know where the $10 billion or so a year is going to come to.  Then, of course, the Office of Management and Budget also in this report found last week that, with mandatory spending by this private corporation, there will be a $19.848 billion deficit over a 10-year period.  Let me repeat that. Mandatory spending by a private corporation assessing some sort of new fee structure on users of the system, including passengers, and the OMB says that that would increase the Federal deficit by $19.848 billion.  Of course, the majority is always free to waive the rules and they can ignore that. I mean, the rules have been waived numerous times to create more deficit around here, just by the discussion on the other side that they want to address the deficit whenever we eliminate taxes, waive the rules, and pretend that actually eliminating taxes will raise money or it is budget-neutral.  I guess, in this case, they could waive the rules and say the mandatory spending by the private corporation that will lead to additional deficit doesn't matter and it doesn't exist.  I reserve the balance of my time.  