Speaker, I rise to express concern with a provision of H.R. 4404, the ``Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2016'', as amended.  Although I appreciate the intent of this legislation, I believe section 3 of the bill should be clarified to avoid unintended consequences.  The Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) National Exercise Program (Program) tests and evaluates the Nation's preparedness goal, systems, plans and strategies for all hazards. The main objective of the Program is to examine and validate core capabilities to perform missions and functions that prevent, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate all hazards. All hazards include terrorist attacks. From the outcome of the exercises, we are able to determine the progress made in reaching the National Preparedness Goal.  I am concerned because H.R. 4404 may be interpreted to mandate that the Program focus on emerging terrorist threats. On its face, the provision mandating that FEMA shall, to the extent practicable, design the Program to include emerging terrorist threats could be interpreted to limit FEMA's ability to design exercises for all hazards, instead requiring a specific scenario for Program exercises. I do not believe that this is Congress' intent and urge FEMA to interpret the bill broadly.  Natural disasters cause devastating impacts to our citizens, communities, and the Nation as a whole. Each year, the Federal Government spends hundreds of millions of dollars (if not billions of dollars) responding to and recovering from weather-related events. The amount that the Federal Government spends on natural disasters is increasing as a percentage of our gross domestic product and as a percentage of the Federal budget.  Being prepared for these events helps the Nation reduce injury, death, and property damage. We need to ensure that the National Exercise Program continues to test our preparedness for natural events.  Similarly, testing our capabilities for emerging terrorist threats is a worthy endeavor. It should and already does occur. I do not believe that the intent of section 3 of the bill is that all Program exercises must include emerging terrorist threats. Rather, the bill provides that our capabilities to handle emerging terrorist threats can and should be tested within the Program. Any other interpretation would undermine the progress that the Nation has made to prepare for all hazards, including natural disasters and terrorist attacks.  In addition, it should be noted that FEMA is already required, at least once every two years, to perform a national level exercise to test and evaluate the Nation's capability to detect, disrupt, and prevent threatened or actualcatastrophic acts of terrorism, or to test and evaluate the readiness of governments to respond to and recover from catastrophic incidents. Both of these requirements can include exercises for emerging terrorist threats.  As this bill moves to the other body, I hope that we can work together to clarify the purpose and intent of section 3 of this legislation.  