Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  First off, the provision to create a harbor maintenance trust fund to begin to actually spend the tax, which we collect from the American people for harbor maintenance, on harbor maintenance--it is shocking, shocking, in Washington that we would do something like that.  There are those on the Appropriations Committee guarding their fiefdoms, or the Budget Committee, who are opposed to this; but I heard a number of my colleagues on the Republican side say tonight they supported that concept. It came out of committee unanimously with Republican support; yet the Republican leadership reached into this bill and pulled out that provision because, I believe, they were afraid if that provision came to the floor for a vote that it would pass, that we would actually begin to spend the tax that we are collecting from the American people for harbor maintenance on harbor maintenance and begin to catch up with the backlog by spending another $400 million or $500 million a year, which today is being spent on God knows what. It is being just thrown into the air.  Someone said earlier, oh, that money hasn't been spent. Okay. Show me what account that $9.8 billion is in. There is no account. There is no account. The money has been collected and it has disappeared.  Now, we can keep that up, and we are going to keep it up now for another 2 years. That will be another billion dollars that won't be spent on harbor maintenance. So everybody waiting in line to get dredged--and there are a lot of ports waiting in line to get dredged. Everybody waiting in that really long line of now $74 billion of backlogged authorized projects is just going to have to wait a little longer. In fact, most of them will be dead before they get around to their project.  So it is really a very sad day for the House of Representatives when the House is not being allowed to work its will. We are not being allowed to vote on something because a couple of chairmen of a couple of committees that don't know much about this subject--they aren't the authorizers; they don't understand the details; apparently, they don't understand the massive need in backlog--don't want to spend the tax that is collected for the purpose for which it is collected, which is harbor maintenance and/or construction. It is a very sad day for the House of Representatives.  I urge my colleagues to vote in opposition to the legislation.  I yield back the balance of my time.  