Speaker, I rise in support of the Protecting our Infrastructure of Pipelines and Enhancing Safety Act, the PIPES bill.  I thank the chairmen of the subcommittee, the full committee, and also the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Representative Mike Capuano, and members of the Energy and Commerce Committee on ourside. This is a good bipartisan product, something that is pretty rare around here these days.  It reauthorizes the Department of Transportation's pipeline safety program for 4 years and includes a number of important measures that will better protect our communities, ensuring that pipelines are a safe means to transport natural gas, hazardous liquids, and crude oil.  Most importantly, this bill gives the Secretary of Transportation new emergency order authority to impose certain emergency restrictions and safety measures on pipeline operators to address an imminent hazard resulting from an incident or an unsafe practice, which is authority that doesn't currently exist.  Here is a good example. Fairly recently, we had a defective pipeline from China. We shouldn't be buying pipeline from China. But anyway, we had some defective, junky Chinese product pipeline, and there was an incident. But the administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Safety Materials Agency does not have the authority to order a nationwide inspection or removal of an imminent hazard, i.e., defective Chinese pipeline. All they could do was voluntary guidance.  Now, we will have emergency order authority. Some were concerned that they would use this as a way to end-run the regulatory process on other matters that are not an imminent hazard to health and safety, and there are provisions in the bill that would prevent that.  We are also pushing them to complete the mandates of the last bill, 2011, a bipartisan bill, where they have 16 mandates that Congress required that we felt were needed and prudent. And they are not through the regulatory process as yet. So we are moving them forward on that, and hopefully, the trolls down at the Office of Management and Budget who hold these things up--hello, do you live near a pipeline--that they will get the message and they will get these vital provisions that have been too long delayed.  It gives Federal, State, and emergency local responders MSDS sheets, safety sheets, so we know what the oil is. We have had past spills where we couldn't figure out what they were dealing with for days, and that is not acceptable.  It gives the agency the authority to have standards for underground natural gas storage facilities, but it allows States like Oregon, which has seven of these, to go above those standards so that the States can better protect their citizens.  