Chairman, that was extraordinary. We are here to protect the Endangered Species Act by preempting litigation for violations of the Endangered Species Act. That is pretty extraordinary.  I mean, we are not only having Groundhog Day here--because this bill has passed three times before and failed to receive any consideration in the Senate and the same thing will happen yet again with this bill--but now we are wandering into Alice in Wonderland. That is extraordinary.  Yes, the Fish and Wildlife Service did delist in the States the gentleman mentioned, but they required that each of those States adopt scientifically based management plans.  Well, the scientifically based management plan in Wyoming is open season on wolves. Let's try and exterminate them again. There has also been a tremendous loss of population in a number of the other States that the gentleman referred to.  So a judge has found that they violated the Endangered Species Act because they didn't adopt scientifically based management plans.  You know, these are horrible predators, as you can see here. They are very, very fierce. They are, of course, responsible for huge, huge, unbelievable--big, as Donald Trump would say, really big--depredation on cattle.  Let's look at the causes for loss of cattle. Well, let's see. Seventy-four percent died because of health issues--perhaps we need a little education on husbandry for some of our ranchers--7.8 percent died due to weather--well,we are not having climate change; so, there is nothing we can do about the weather. We don't want to mess with that--2.7 percent is due to other predators, mostly coyotes.  Animal damage control, now renamed very aptly Wildlife Services, has killed well over a million coyotes. And guess what. There are more coyotes now, more distributed than when they started trying to exterminate them.  The wolves are in a much more fragile place. They are responsible for 0.9 percent of the depredation, and they are at critical population levels. They were required to keep 10 breeding pairs in Wyoming. Boy, that is a lot of wolves in a State the size of Wyoming, 10 breeding pairs.  Well, they violated that, and that is why the judge made this ruling. Now we are being told we are here to protect the Endangered Species Act.  