Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this noncontroversial legislation that will clarify existing Federal authority regarding the liability for and enforcement of offshore oil spills originating from a foreign source outside the U.S. exclusive economic zone.  H.R. 1684, the Foreign Spill Protection Act of 2016, clarifies that owners and operators of oil production facilities located offshore and outside the United States are liable for cleanup costs and damages from oil spills. These foreign entities are responsible for oil spills that originate outside U.S. waters if they threaten or cause damage in the United States. The foreign entities would be subject to criminal and civil penalties, Federal removal authority, and any State-authorized remedy currently allowed under Federal and State law.  I would like to commend the cooperation shown by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman Shuster, Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee Chairman Hunter, and Ranking Member Garamendi in working out the final details of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, the Deepwater Horizon disaster painfully reminded us of how catastrophic an offshore oil spill can be, both in its geographic reach and in its environmental and economic costs.  The settled liability and enforcement regimes authorized under the Oil Pollution Act and the Clean Water Act have proven themselves to be comprehensive, durable, and effective. In the event of a spill, this response regime has ensured time and time again that the Federal Government has clear, unequivocal authority to respond to a spill, restore the environment and communities harmed, and recover damages for the harm caused. This legislation will in no way impede or change those indispensable authorities.  In closing, it is a helpful enhancement to clarify that spills originating from foreign sources fall under this well-established legal regime. I ask Members on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this legislation.  I reserve the balance of my time.  