Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  The problem here is that FIFRA doesn't require recordkeeping. It is alabel, and you are supposed to follow the label. There is an even more recent problem in Oregon--we talked about the fish kill earlier--which is the overflight spraying of an herbicide on forestlands, which was applied, and then it drifted into occupied areas and streams.  Now, without the EPA's requirement that you record and report, we wouldn't know that that had happened; but now we do, and the people who are complaining about health effects have some recourse since they know what was applied, when it was applied, and who applied it.  If we do away with that requirement and say, Oh, well, the States might still require something, well, they might not. Therefore, it would be: Are you going to follow the label or not? How are you going to find out if they followed the label? How are you going to find out whose plane that was? How are you going to find out what they sprayed?  You won't be able to. If you get an impaired body of water, we are now mapping things.  The EPA says: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. That body of water is already impaired with this particular herbicide or pesticide. We should limit more applications in that area.  No, we don't want to know about that. We don't want to know about that.  That is the bottom line here. We are talking about recordkeeping and reporting after the fact: What did you use? Where did you put it? So if someone is injured or if we find out their water supply is impaired, they can figure out how it happened, but not if we do away with this requirement, with this Groundhog Day bill.  Again, it was pest management, it was forest health, then it was reducing regulatory burdens; but now it has been reborn in the last week as Zika control because it is, as the gentlewoman from Maryland said, the cause du jour. It has nothing to do with Zika.  I was really pleased to see the majority whip say that they were going to put $1.2 billion into Zika because, as of the publishing of the appropriations bill, it was only $622 million, which is a third of what the President asked for; so now they are up to 66 percent. That is great. I hope that is right because we haven't seen that in writing yet.  The bottom line is we need to partner with the States to deal with the threat of Zika just like we did with West Nile--none of which is going to be impaired by a little recordkeeping--so that we know where, how, what was applied so that citizens of the United States, private property owners, will have some recourse.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  