 I have been listening to this debate. It is, like all debates, interesting. Yesterday we had a debate, a relatively extended debate, in which Republican after Republican rose and said, This bill does not do enough. In this instance, it does not bring us full energy independence. That is obvious. But person after person got up and said, We're not doing enough for students, we're not doing enough for college aid, and then, lo and behold, the vote was taken and 356 people out of 435 voted for that bill, including 124 Republicans. We are not doing enough in this bill, that is clear, but the journey of a thousand miles, as has been observed, starts with a step.  Another individual got up, and then I will go to my remarks, and talked about the Washington Post editorial. An interesting comment that she made. I don't think she had perhaps read all of the editorial because the editorial said this:  ``The good part of the bill revokes tax breaks for oil and gas production in the United States that should never have been granted.''  I believe in the free market system. What is the free market system? If you have a demand for a product and you can get a good price for it, you produce it. That's supply and demand. In point of fact, the price of the product has gone up and up and up. I do not criticize the oil companies for wanting a tax break. We all want tax breaks. What I criticize is the Congress of the United States for not making a judgment on behalf of the American people. That is who I criticize. The actions taken in the ETI bill were wrong.  Mr. Speaker, one of the lessons that most of us learn early on is to study history so that we can avoid making the same mistakes of the past. A generation ago, this Nation faced a series of crises born of an overreliance on foreign oil. Prices spiked and supplies were rationed. It took work, but Congress and the President acted to combat that dependence and ushered in a wave of new technologies, conservation and efficiency improvements that have saved untold billions of dollars and barrels of oil and greatly enhanced the Nation's economic performance and national security.  Unfortunately, in recent years, however, we seem to have forgotten that time period. The economy grew, the price of oil waned and we forgot the lessons of the past and abandoned the progress toward a more fuel efficient existence. Mr. Speaker, crises at home and abroad have changed that, changed it dramatically, and we find ourselves once again increasingly reliant on foreign oil. And drilling for more oil and gas alone is not the solution. Mr. Bartlett said that earlier today. Oil is a wasting resource. What wasting means is it is going to go away. I have a great-grandchild, unlike some of you who are much younger than I am. She may not use oil. It may not be available for her.  Today, we will pass the last of the bills that we promised the American people we would undertake at the beginning of this Congress. This legislation is but a first down payment on the promise of a new energy future for our country. This bill is not about punishing one sector of industry, nor does this bill represent the totality or even a substantial component of our energy policy, as evidenced by the Rural Caucus's biofuels energy package, Speaker Pelosi's innovation agenda, and the PROGRESS Act, which I, along with 129-plus Members of this body in the last Congress, introduced. However, the CLEAN Act starts to move our Nation in a new direction. It is about the focus of precious taxpayer dollars and the future of our country.  The oil and gas industry is extraordinarily well-established and well-off. I applaud it for being so. It does not need the American taxpayers' help to be successful or to make a dollar. There is not an American who goes to the gas pump that doesn't know that. Even President Bush, a former executive of an oil company, agrees that the industry does not need additional government subsidies when prices are this high. But our future energy resources do need help to get started. Renewable energy, alternative fuels, conservation and efficiency programs are underutilized in our effort to wean our Nation off our dependence on foreign oil.  The money saved by this bill will be spent on our energy future and set aside to, among other things, accelerate the use of clean domestic renewable energy resources and alternative fuels; promote the use of energy efficiency practices and conservation; and increase research, development and deployment of clean renewable energy and energy efficiency technologies.  By acting now to take this small but significant step to move toward making America energy independent, we have the opportunity, ladies and gentlemen of this House, to leave future generations a lasting legacy that makes our Nation and our world a better place. The legislation is a good first start in that effort.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  