Just assume that I am addressing the Chair.  Now, if any of my friends when they hear about me talking about irresponsibility would take that personally, understand that it is meant simply to be addressed to the Chair.  But if the shoe fits, put it on.  My friends, you have been a part for the last 6 years of the most fiscally irresponsible leadership in our history. The facts speak to that. Your budget book speaks to that. And what did you do, this family budget leadership group that we hear talking about? They jettisoned, they abandoned, they eliminated PAYGO provision which, by the way, was adopted in a bipartisan fashion in 1997 after we adopted it in 1990 in a bipartisan fashion. But you said, no, we can't live within PAYGO. That's too tight for us. Families might have to live in that, but we can't live in it.  So what did you do? You simply eliminated PAYGO. Well, we've reinstituted PAYGO, and our budget reaches balance. And we don't raise taxes. You like to say we raise taxes because, after all, Frank Luntz told you, Just say they're raising taxes. Doesn't matter whether it's true. The American public will believe it.  Ladies and gentlemen, this debate is designed to mislead the American public, because they don't read the budgets and the fine print. They perhaps do not remember that in 18 years, Republicans ran up $4.5 trillion of deficit spending while under Bill Clinton's administration we created a $62.5 billion net surplus with 4 years of surplus, the first time that has happened in the lifetime of anybody in this Chamber.  So I say to my friends that we can debate the substance of this bill, which is $700 million less than your President asked us to spend. The gentlewoman from New York has brought a responsible bill to this floor. The problem with these across-the-board cuts and what Mr. Obey really meant, Mr. Chairman, is that it is simple to say cut across the board, because you don't have to make any decisions. You don't have to defend any premise. You just have to say cut 1 percent. And as was pointed out earlier by Mr. Israel, does that mean 1 percent in defense spending? Does that mean 1 percent in military financing? Where they purchase, by the way, weapons from the United States of America. Does it mean a 1 percent cut in salaries or administration of critical programs that might be small programs? You don't have to decide. It's so simple. One percent. Won't hurt anybody. Fine. Then say where you want to cut.  I was an appropriator for 25 years and I don't like the across-the-board cuts because they are simplistic, imprecise, and cut the good with the bad. May there be bad in this bill? There may be. Offer an amendment to cut the bad and let's debate that, whether it's good or bad.  So, my friends, don't talk to me about fiscal responsibility. I've been here too long and I know too many of the facts. You cannot fool me. You can fool some of the people some of the time. You didn't fool them last November. And I don't think you're going to fool them in the future.  This is a responsible bill. If you don't like some portions of it, we've had 50-plus amendments for you to strike certain portions of it. But don't come to the floor and pontificate on fiscal responsibility. And, by the way, my friend, the government today is larger than the government when you inherited it.  The Acting CHAIRMAN. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Price).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chairman announced that the noes appeared to have it.  