I don't want anybody to be confused that we're coming back on Monday at 6:30; and we will not be here, I will be announcing later today, the next Friday, a week from tomorrow.  Let me say to my friend that, as I said, I discussed with your leadership the difficulty of scheduling, not this particular item, although this was discussed, and the request was made.  Every Member of this body knows that 435 people, as I said, everybody has very important things they have to do from time to time and that are appropriate to do on behalf of their constituents on behalf of fulfilling their duties. We missed unavoidably 2 legislative days as a result of the tragic deaths of two of our Members, which was inevitable, and we obviously appropriately canceled sessions on those days.  This bill that we are considering is a very important bill. It needs to pass the House. It needs to pass the Senate. It needs to go to the President, and it needs to come back here. We have 3 weeks left to go between now and the 16th of November, to which the gentleman referred.  The gentleman is well aware, I know my Republican colleagues in leadership are well aware, of how long it takes to get things through the Senate, for reasons that we all understand in terms of their necessity to get the appropriate votes.  As a result, the time left to us is very short, and to not proceed today and to push this off till next week then pushes off to the week following when the Senate can consider this legislation, which then pushes it off to the last week that we'll be here for Presidential action. All of that is a constraint on the flexibility of scheduling.  And again I will say that I understand absolutely the desire of the Californians to be where they are. I think it's appropriate to be where they are. My only point is that we're not meeting all week. There is some flexibility. They chose to go today. I do not criticize that decision on either side of the aisle. I simply say that it was not in consideration of, obviously, the business that we have to get done.  And again I reiterate, in a collegial body, if I thought that the absence of your Members or our Members would make a difference on the outcome, but this bill had an overwhelming vote when it initially passed, an overwhelming vote, not the two-thirds, but an overwhelming vote. So I do not believe the absences of either party's Members will impact on the outcome of this vote. So I don't think we're prejudicing the outcome of the vote in any way.  I yield to the gentleman from Washington State.  