Speaker, I ask unanimous consent  (1) that the House hereby concurs in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3311; and  (2) that it be in order at any time on the legislative day of August 4, 2007, to consider S. 1927 in the House under the following terms:  All points of order against the bill and against its consideration are waived except those arising under clause 10 of rule XXI;  The bill shall be considered as read;  The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill to its final passage without intervening motion except: (a) 1 hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairman and ranking minority member of the committee on the Judiciary and the chairman and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; and (b) one motion to recommit; and  (3) that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of August 4, 2007, for the Speaker, as though pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3222) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2008, and for other purposes; and that the first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with; all points of order against consideration of the bill are waived except those arising under clause 9 or 10 of rule XXI; points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived; and no general debate shall be in order and the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5-minute rule; no amendment to the bill may be offered except:  Pro forma amendments offered at any point in the reading by the chairman or ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their designees for the purpose of debate;  An amendment by Mr. Rogers of Michigan increasing funding for cooperative threat reduction programs;  An amendment by Mr. Franks of Arizona regarding missile defense;  An amendment by Mr. Sessions striking section 8020;  An amendment by Mr. Issa regarding public disclosure of the aggregate amount of funds appropriated for the National Intelligence program;  An amendment by Mr. Walberg limiting funds to award grants or contracts based on race, ethnicity or sex;  An amendment by Mr. Castle limiting funds for certain contract awards unless certain conditions are met;  An amendment by Mr. Castle authorizing the use of funds for certain reserve leave policies;  An amendment by Mr. Campbell of California limiting funds for the Swimmer Detection Sonar Network;  An amendment by Mr. Campbell of California limiting funds for Paint Shield for Program People from Microbial Threats project;  An amendment by Mr. Inslee regarding the National Security Personnel System;  An amendment by Mr. Upton or Ms. Harman regarding use of Energy Star certified light bulbs;  An amendment by Mr. Conaway regarding use of reductions made through amendment for deficit reduction;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the National Drug Intelligence Center;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Concurrent Technologies Corporation;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Lewis Center for Education Research;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Presidio Trust;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Atmospheric Water Harvesting Project;  And an amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Doyle Center for Manufacturing Technology.  Each such amendment may be offered only by the Member named in this request or a designee, shall be considered as read, shall not be subject to amendment except that the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations and the Subcommittee on Defense each may offer one pro forma amendment for the purpose of debate; and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole.  Except as otherwise specified, each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. An amendment shall be considered to fit the description stated in this request if it addresses in whole or in part the object described.  At the conclusion of the consideration of the bill for amendment, the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted; and  The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions.  