 Madam Chairman, I wanted rise not to speak on the issue that gentleman just spoke so passionately about, but just to say a word about the two new leaders of this committee.  I have had opportunity of serving in this House for some period of time.When I first came here, shortly thereafter, Vic Fazio, Congressman Fazio and Congressman Lewis, who is now the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, handled this responsibility that Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Zach Wamp are now handling. For almost at least a decade, Liz, I think they handled that responsibility. And they handled it in an absolutely bipartisan way to reflect the fact that 435 Members representing the 300 million people in this country care about this institution working well to their benefit, and to the benefit of our country.  I want to congratulate certainly Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who, in her third year, has become a cardinal, in large part because of her energy and her focus and her talent and her experience in the State Senate in Florida and the House in Florida, and what she brings to this institution. She is an institutionalist.  We are also fortunate with Zach Wamp from Tennessee, with whom I disagree from time to time and maybe a lot of times when we vote on substantive legislation, but who is a good friend of mine. We are blessed that the two of them are working on this bill.  I mentioned Liz Dawson, who has been, really, mothering this bill, I was going to say husbanding this bill, but for a very significant period of time, since she was a very young girl, and who cares a great deal about this institution. I want to thank her as well for her leadership.  But I think we ought to all feel fortunate that we have two people like Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Zach Wamp trying to make the accommodations for this institution to work well to represent our people. This is the people's House. To the extent that we have the resources to represent our people in a way that will reflect credit on this House and a positive result for our people, our country will be better. So I wanted to say that and congratulate Mr. Wamp and Debbie Wasserman Schultz.  