Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  First of all, I want to say, Mr. Whip, we congratulate you on your reelection as the whip. I have an affection for whips, as you know, the position, and I am personally advantaged by our close working relationship and respect for one another. And I think the American public hopefully will be advantaged by that. I think this House will be advantaged by that, and I look forward to working with my good friend, Roy Blunt.  In addition, all of us on our side appreciated the very gracious remarks of your leader, Mr. Boehner, when introducing Speaker Pelosi and passing the gavel to her. We know that is a difficult role. It was a difficult role for Mr. Gephardt when in 1995 he had that responsibility, and it was a difficult role for Ms. Pelosi on the two occasions she had to do it. Your leader was extraordinarily gracious and positive in that role, and we appreciate that and we want you to know that.  On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10:30 a.m. for morning hour and at noon for legislative business. Under the suspension calendar, we will consider a resolution mourning the passing of President Gerald Ford. That resolution, I would tell the Members, the principal sponsor of which is Mr. Vern Ehlers, our colleague on your side of the aisle, who represents the district which was so ably and effectively represented by President Ford for such a long period of time, a quarter of a century.  Mr. Speaker, we will also consider H.R. 1, a bill to implement the 9/11 Commission recommendations, and a resolution to establish a select intelligence oversight panel.  I will tell Mr. Blunt we expect votes to be not before 3 to 4 p.m. We had originally, as you know, thought we might come in Monday. There was a schedule conflict and we wanted to accommodate that. We are glad we did. We will try to hold votes until 3 or 4, but west coast Members will have a difficult time getting back so they ought to plan on being here on Monday unless they have an important engagement they have to attend.  On Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. We will consider H.R. 2, a bill to increase the minimum wage.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. We will consider H.R. 3, a bill regarding stem cell research.  And on Friday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. We will consider H.R. 4, a bill regarding the Medicare prescription drug program. We expect the last votes to be hopefully no later than 2 p.m.  The practice, as you know, will be that we will come in at 6:30 on Mondays and adjourn no later than 2 p.m. on the day of adjournment. Many times that will be Friday, sometimes it will be Thursday. We understand the need for Members to get out. If it is on Thursday, the expectation is we may go a little later than that, but that will be generally the practice we will try to pursue.  