 This measure will restore voting rights in the Committee of the Whole for the four House Delegates and Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico.  In fact, this measure is identical in substance to the rule that operated successfully--and constitutionally--from 1993 to 1995.  The purpose of this resolution is simple:  To honor democracy in every corner of the United States of America;  To provide that all people who are subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the United States have a voice in their national legislature; and  To give to the elected representatives of the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, and American Samoa and Puerto Rico--constituent parts of this country--the ability to register their views and take a stance on issues that are considered in the most important and representative committee of the house: the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union.  During the 103rd Congress, House Delegates, as well as the Resident Commissioner, were granted the privilege to cast a vote in the Committee of the Whole, a body comprised of all House Members whose function is to expedite consideration of bills and amendments on the House floor while ensuring that debate is fair to both sides of the aisle.  This right is a logical extension of the Delegates' right to serve on and vote in the House committees--a right, I must stress, that was granted in the 1970s and to which no Member of this body whom I know has ever objected.  The measure that we will vote on today is identical to the rule that existed in the 103rd Congress, which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia held in 1994 was constitutional.  To ensure that the provision complies with article I of the United States Constitution, in the event that a matter before the Committee of the Whole is decided by the margin of the Delegates' votes, the measure provides for an automatic re-vote in the full House, where Delegates and the Resident Commissioner may not participate.  Now, I want to address some of the misinformation that has been directed at this measure by opponents whose desire to defeat this resolution is more intense than their fealty to the facts.  I have heard opponents contend that this measure confers ``representation without taxation.''  That is false.  The residents who will benefit from this measure do indeed pay taxes in the form of Medicare and Social Security.  At a time when the President's own economic advisors predict that these two programs will go bust if changes are not made in the next few years, I for one believe residents of the five territories should have a voice in shaping a bipartisan consensus that shores up the financial health of these vital programs.  I have heard opponents contend that the average congressional district is 630,000 and that American Samoa, with a population of roughly 70,000 is too small to deserve even a symbolic vote.  However, opponents making this argument omit the inconvenient case of Puerto Rico, whose population of almost 4 million would entitle it to as many as six seats if it had full representation.  They also omit Wyoming, whose population of only 515,000 puts it well below the average congressional district.  I have heard opponents contend that the five votes will slow down the legislative process and distort outcomes.  According to a 1994 article in the Congressional Quarterly Almanac, ``Of the 404 times that delegates were eligible to vote during the 103rd Congress, only three times--all in 1994--did their vote prove decisive, triggering an automatic revote.'' Twice the outcome was reversed, proving that the rule worked.  My friends, I would submit to each and every one of you that something magical happens when 435 Representatives from the 50 States come to this floor to vote on behalf of their constituents.  Simply put, the genius of deliberative democracy achieves its fullest expression.  We hear each other out on issues of the day.  We get to know one another as something more than Members.  We come to understand the needs and aspirations of one another's districts, whatever our political leanings.  And through this process of personal interaction, we enact laws that, when we are at our best, make our country better.  By granting a limited but important vote to five of our colleagues, we will be honoring the deliberative democratic process.  In doing so, we will improve the legislative process and the degree to which the House of Representatives accurately reflects the views of the 300 million Americans who are subject to laws it passes.  In that sense, every American, as well as our democratic system of government as a whole, stands to benefit from House Resolution 78.  I urge my colleagues to support it.  