Of course, we are not very worried about that, we have been getting so many Republicans to vote with our propositions, 124 on one of our bills, 82 on another one of our bills, our margins are so big that is not a big concern to us at this point in time, I tell my friend.  Frankly, Guam is in no different position than some of our States. Some of our States have one Member, and they are guaranteed a Member no matter what their size is. So Wyoming, Montana and other States who have either more or less, Montana now represents more than most of us, Wyoming less than most of us. I am not sure what the population of Alaska is. But to that extent, Guam, American Samoa are not in any different position than a State that is guaranteed a vote.  Now under the Constitution, and I will say again to my friend that it wasn't the courts that imposed this, in our efforts in 1992 and 1993 when we adopted the rule to extend to our colleagues who vote in every committee in this House, they vote in the Ways and Means Committee if they are there, I don't know that there is a Delegate member, but they vote in the Natural Resources Committee, the Science Committee, other committees on which they are members they vote. They are in line to chair or not chair subcommittees, depending upon their seniority. It is only in the Committee of the Whole that they cannot vote. So they cannot express their views for their constituents on an issue.  The Constitution is such, which is why we drafted the rule, you are correct, to have them make a difference would be, we believed, inconsistent with the Constitution. We need a constitutional amendment to do that. We are not offering a constitutional amendment. We don't think that is necessary.  But I want to tell my friend honestly, I have been the chief proponent of this and feel strongly about it, I believe passionately that Ms. Norton ought to have a full vote, number one.  Number two, I believe the four Delegates, whether they be from Puerto Rico, whether from Guam, American Samoa or the Virgin Islands, ought to have the opportunity to come to this floor and express their views. So we are offering that rule. We thought it was a good rule.  You are right, in the final analysis it is not going to skew the difference between the minority and the majority parties because ultimately if they make a difference, it is not that their vote will not count, their vote will count. Their constituents will see their vote up and other Americans will see their vote up, and they are going to say the gentlelady from Guam or the gentleman from American Samoa or the gentlelady from the Virgin Islands or the gentleman from Puerto Rico believed X, Y or Z on a vote. We think that is consistent with our view that we ought to be extending opportunities for democracy, not limiting them.  