It's the Senate that wants a winter schedule, and I am somewhat concerned about that.  As you know, initially Mr. Boehner, my predecessor as the majority leader, had projected October 3 or thereabouts, 4th or 5th. When I became the majority leader, it was my responsibility to address the schedule.  I thought we would need at least another 3 weeks, so I added on to, I believe, the 26th of October, which is a Friday.  Since that time, of course, the leader of the Senate has announced the schedule that you just observed, with a week off at Columbus Day. We do not have that, of course. We have Columbus Day, returning Tuesday at 6:30. That has not been modified at this point in time and, frankly, I don't expect to modify it.  It doesn't mean it won't be, but I have no plans to modify that expectation at this point in time. Frankly, I would like to see us do as much work as we possibly can by the October 26 date that we have projected as our date. We will see where the Senate is at that point in time.  But in answer to your question about the fall schedule, sometime in the next 2 weeks, probably not this coming week, because we are not going to be here most of the time, but the following week, in discussions with the Senate, we intend to have some discussions with the Senate leadership with Mr. Reid, the majority leader, next week, to determine more precisely what he anticipates being able to do, and, therefore, what our responsibilities will be to be here to respond to what the Senate does.  As I say, we put all the appropriations bills on their plate, if you will. We need to pass those, or, in some form, pass funding for the various agencies.  So the answer to your question, Mr. Whip, is that we expect to have some more precise formulation for the fall and hopefully not winter schedule by the, not next week, but the following week.  We are aware of the fact, and I used to hear from everybody, now I am hearing from everybody on both sides of the aisle, they understandably want some certainty in the scheduling so they can schedule their work in their districts.  I understand that. We are going to try to accommodate that.  