Speaker, I thank my distinguished friend, the dean of the House, John Dingell of the State of Michigan, for yielding. I also thank him for his extraordinary leadership for over half a century, his father in an extended period before that, a distinguished career of service to this country and focus on the strength and growth of this country, on the health of our people, and of the opportunities for our workers. John Dingell is a giant with whom we serve. John Dingell is a giant of a leader in the Congress of the United States.  Mr. Speaker, tomorrow we will remember one of the most solemn occasions in our Nation's history, the 66th anniversary of a ``date which will live in infamy,'' the day in which our Nation was attacked by an enemy that we now count as an ally. Let us hope, and I believe that many years from now, this day, December 6, 2007, will be remembered by future generations as the date upon which the New Direction 110th Congress took a historic step in moving our Nation toward real energy independence and casting off the bonds of dependence that threaten America's national, economic, and environmental security.  The bipartisan compromise legislation before us, the Energy Independence and Security Act, is nothing less, Mr. Speaker, than our generation's declaration of independence from foreign sources of petroleum. In particular, I want to thank Speaker Pelosi, Chairman Dingell, Chairman Rangel, Chairman Gordon, and so many other Chairs of committees for the extraordinary work and effort that has made this day possible, which they put forward.  I am pleased that this legislation incorporates some of the ideas in the Progress Act, legislation that I have worked on with Chairman Dingell and many of our other committee Chairs. This legislation of course, like all legislation, is not perfect. However, when we pass this bill, we will be voting to strengthen our national security, lower energy costs, grow our economy, and create new jobs and, as well, begin to reduce global warming.  Among other things, this legislation takes groundbreaking steps, Mr. Speaker, to increase the efficiency of our vehicles, raising fuel economy standards to 35 miles per gallon by 2020 for new cars and trucks, the first increase in fuel economy standards since 1975. This important step would not have been possible without the leadership of Speaker Pelosi and the leadership of John Dingell. I thank them both for their efforts.  This provision alone will save American families an estimated $700 to $1,000 per year at the pump and reduce oil consumption by 1.1 million gallons per day in 2020. This single step will reduceby one-half what we currently import from the Persian Gulf. This legislation also makes a historic commitment to American-grown biofuels, including incentives to boost the production of biofuels and the number of flex fuel and other alternative vehicles, and establishing a tax credit for plug-in hybrid vehicles.  In addition, Mr. Speaker, it requires that 15 percent of our electricity come from renewable sources; strengthens energy efficiency for a wide range of products, appliances, lighting and buildings, to reduce energy costs to consumers; and repeals tax breaks for oil companies and invests that money in clean renewable energy and American technologies.  The oil companies of course are making extraordinary profits to give them incentive to continue to provide us with the incentive that we need. But they do not need additional subsidies from this Congress. It is telling that this legislation is supported by a broad coalition of environmental, business, labor, and farm groups, as well as State and local officials.  For example, my friend and our former colleague, Dave McCurdy, president and CEO of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, stated: ``We believe this tough, national fuel economy bill will be good for both consumers and energy security.'' I want to thank Congressman McCurdy for his work on this bill, and I want to thank John Dingell, again, without whom this compromise could not have been reached. Paul Bledsoe of the National Commission on Energy Policy said: ``If it becomes law, this deal will mark the most important step toward improving U.S. oil security in a generation.''  Mr. Speaker, our national character was challenged by an unprovoked attack at Pearl Harbor 66 years ago. We rose to the occasion then; and through our citizens' will, intelligence and ingenuity, we prevailed, and we were strengthened.  Today, Mr. Speaker, we face a daunting but far different challenge, a challenge that compels us to confront and conquer our Nation's addiction to petroleum. This legislation will help to do so. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, not for partisan objectives or partisan reasons, but for the independence of our Nation, for the national security of our people, for the economy of our workers, and for the environment of our children, I urge my colleagues to vote for this very historic and important bill. Vote to cast off the chains of dependency that hold us back today which threaten our economic and environmental security. Vote, my colleagues, to put America on a path to achieve energy independence.  Before I close, Mr. Speaker, let me once again say that no one in this body with whom I have ever served has focused on an issue so tenaciously, so effectively, so energetically as the Speaker of this House. When we pass this bill, it will be a testimony to her leadership and to her commitment.  I urge my colleagues, step with history for tomorrow and our children. Vote for this bill.  