Chairman, we are trying to move along the business of the people of this country.  I rise in strong support of this extraordinarily good legislation.  Mr. Chairman, this legislation truly represents a new direction in America's energy policy, and it will thereby strengthen our national, economic and environmental security.  Twenty-eight years ago, President Carter said (and I quote): ``This intolerable dependence on foreign oil threatens our economic independence and the very security of our Nation.''  President Carter was correct then, but we failed to act.  We must not fail to act today.  We must pass this comprehensive legislation, which will reduce our reliance on foreign oil by investing in the infrastructure needed to deploy homegrown bio-fuels, providing incentives for plug-in hybrid cars, and promoting the use of mass transit.  This legislation also repeals a number of tax subsidies that benefit the oil and gas industry, and includes landmark energy efficiency provisions that will save consumers and businesses at least $300 billion through 2030.  In fact, the energy efficiency provisions will reduce carbon dioxide emissions by as much as 10.4 billion tons through 2030--more than the annual emissions of all the cars on the road in America today.  In addition, it extends existing tax credits for the production of renewable energy; spurs innovation by supporting high-risk, high-payoff energy research; and bolsters research on renewable energy and global warming.  Furthermore, the bill requires our government to become carbon-neutral by the year 2050, moving forward on carbon capture and sequestration, promoting clean energy exports to developing countries, and directing the administration to lead the global effort to achieve a binding global warming agreement.  It is my hope that the house will send this bill to conference with a strong vote so that we can reach consensus on issues such as the use of renewables, the development of new technologies, and the fiscally responsible extension of needed energy tax provisions.  This bill will help us achieve that goal. I urge my colleagues to support it.  