President, I rise today in opposition to the nomination of Dr. David Satcher to the position of Surgeon General of the United States. In my view, Dr. Satcher represents many of the problems undercutting the moral fabric of American life. Too many, including myself, Dr. Satcher is outside the mainstream of public opinion.  I understand that Dr. Satcher is a remarkable man, with many years of distinguished service as a doctor. My position on his nomination does not stem from his history of service or his qualifications. Rather, my opposition comes from the ideals that Dr. Satcher represents. It is unfortunate that the office of the Surgeon General, America's family doctor, has become politicized. Due to this increasing political role, Dr. Satcher remains unfit to fulfill the position of Surgeon General. As head of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Dr. Satcher's actions and decisions have wandered into the political arena time and again.  Dr. Satcher has publicly supported the President's position on partial-birth abortion. His position is completely at odds with over 80% of the American public and the America Medical Association. The AMA has said that there is never any medical circumstance where this particular procedure should be used to terminate a babies life. I find the elitism and arrogance of Dr. Satcher on this issue completely irresponsible. When asked by the Labor and Human Resources Committee about his support of the President's position, Dr. Satcher re-affirmed his support for this procedure. I need not remind my colleagues the description of this outrageous procedure. Even Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, an abortion rights supporter, has termed this procedure ``infanticide.'' Continued support for this barbaric procedure borders on the ridiculous.  Dr. Satcher also has apparently adopted the opinions of his predecessor, Dr. Jocelyn Elders, on many sensitive cultural issues as well. As head of the CDC, Dr. Satcher has endorsed the distribution of condoms to our children in public schools. This is Dr. Satcher's way of teaching our kids how to deal with problems like teen pregnancy and AIDS. Mr. President, I must say I am appalled at this blatant attempt at undermining the concept of abstinence as the best form of disease prevention and birth control. Are we truly teaching children responsibility by providing them with condoms in their classrooms?  Dr. Satcher also supports using tax-payer dollars to promote this dangerous agenda. In 1994, Dr. Satcher began an $800,000 national advertising campaign aimed at out nation's youth promoting condom usage. This was all done in the name of AIDS prevention. I find this egregious use of precious resources disturbing. By promoting condom usage, we are simply encouraging our children to become sexually active. I understand the issue of responsibility, however, I have never heard the word abstinence associated with Dr. Satcher. To me, abstinence is truly the responsible way to prevent unwanted pregnancies and AIDS.  It is interesting to that note Dr. Satcher's view of responsibility is convenienent when it conforms with his political beliefs, when in reality his actions often appear to be irresponsible from both a moral and scientific point of view. I say this because much has been made recently of Dr. Satcher's morally questionable African HIV study. As we have all become aware, as head of the CDC, Dr. Satcher approved of research conducted in Africa and Asia that called for a groups of HIV positive pregnant women to receive placebos (sugar pills), without their knowledge, while others knowingly received valuable lifesaving medication (AZT). Those receiving the placebo served as the control group and those receiving the medication the study group. All this, despite the fact that it was known that AZT decreased by \2/3\ the likelihood that the disease would be transmitted from the mother to the child.  This experiment is both repulsive and morally questionable. It violates every know protocol from the Hippocratic Oath to the Nuremberg Code and the Declaration of Helsinki which requires doctors to provide any and all lifesaving measures. The Declaration of Helsinki states: ``In a medical study every patient--including those in a control group, if any, should be assured of the best proven diagnostic and therapeutic method.'' Apparently, Dr. Satcher viewed his research outside established international ethical protocols.  A September 1997 New England Medical Journal of Medicine editorial, our most recognized medical journal in the United States, declared Dr. Satcher's actions unethical and likened the study to the Tuskegee Incident, where medication with known benefits was withheld from a control group. Truly, this represents a dark day in American history. However, sadly, one we chose not to learn a lesson from.  In responding to the criticism, Dr. Satcher admitted that this human experiment would not have taken place in the United States because all participants in any clinical trial must be given at least small amounts of AZT. He argued, however, that cost and efficiency dictated that the experiment be done in developing countries. Did he really mean to imply that those childrens' lives are any less of value than our own? As a grandfather, I feel for those grandparents who lost grandchildren and potential grandchildren because of Dr. Satcher's experimentation.  I wish that this was the first and only time Dr. Satcher had promoted blind testing in regard to HIV. Sadly, it is not. Dr. Satcher has also endorsed anonymous testing of domestic newborns.  In 1988, the CDC began collecting anonymous blood samples from newborn children right here in the United States. The results of these blood tests were subsequently withheld from the parents of the children. Mothers of newborns with HIV were sent home without being told that their child was carrying a fatal disease. Because the results were withheld, important life-sustaining treatment was denied.  When this blind testing became public, Dr. Satcher defended the CDC's practices saying the mothers would panic and ultimately leave their health system. These were life and death decisions made by Dr. Satcher. Apparently, he did not appreciate that fact as much as he should have.  With the public enraged over these unethical tests, Congress quickly sprang into action. Representative Gary Ackerman introduced legislation to prohibit the continuation of the studies. In response to this legislation, Dr. Satcher personally lobbied Representative Ackerman to abandon the bill. Fortunately, Representative Ackerman refused. The CDC was eventually forced to abandon the blind testing due to public outcry. Now just imagine for just a second if you will, what would have happened if the public had not become aware of the CDC's activities? How many countless children would have been denied access to health care.  Mr. President, Dr. Satcher's conduct in these cases was not only disturbing, but horrifying. Essentially, depending on which group you were in, Dr. Satcher was playing God. If anything is unethical, this must be. Surely, this sort of behavior cannot and should not be overlooked by this Senate today.  If Dr. Satcher's questionable ethical conduct were not enough, the CDC, under Dr. Satcher, has been attempting to subvert our right to keep and bear arms as guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. The National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCIPC) has begun tracking gun-related injuries and turning the research over to anti-gun liberals with a political agenda. Now, I'm not exactly sure how the NCIPC developed this authority. However, these activities constitute nothing less than an all out political assault on the Second Amendment paid for by the American taxpayer.  The director of the NCIPC, Dr. Rosenberg, is a known anti-gun crusader. He is on record equating gun ownership to cigarette usage. Apparently, Dr. Rosenberg's, and presumably Dr. Satcher's, copy of the Constitution differ greatly from mine. My copy of the Constitution talks openly about the right and the freedom to keep and bear arms. Dr. Rosenberg has openly and repeatedly said that firearms are ``dirty, deadly, and [should be] banned.'' All of this is done with the tacit approval of Dr. Satcher and at taxpayer expense. In fact the very agency Dr. Satcher wishes to head, theU.S. Public Health Service, has had since 1979 one of its primary goal ``to reduce the number of handguns in private ownership,'' starting with a 25% reduction by the end of this century. Unfortunately, not enough taxpayers are aware of how their money is being used to promote this activist liberal agenda.  In responding to questions about the relevancy of the CDC's work on gun issues, Dr. Satcher predictably defended the agency saying that those who were upset by its work should be more upset about the relationship between firearms and injury. I can assure Dr. Satcher unequivocally, no one is more concerned about gun safety than gun owners. In defending the CDC's practice, Dr. Satcher failed to comment on why the data, collected at taxpayer expense, is not being released to the public. Once again, it is ironic that responsibility has been confused with truthfulness.  In closing, Mr. President, I would like to reiterate my opposition to Dr. Satcher's nomination. The position of Surgeon General should be someone the American people can trust to advise them on important health issues. However, through his deeds and words, Dr. Satcher has demonstrated again and again that his ethics must be questioned and that he carries a biased politically driven agenda into a position that requires non-partisan action. Is Dr. Satcher the man for the position of America's family doctor? I cannot and do not come to this conclusion. I would urge my colleagues to evaluate their positions carefully before elevating someone with such a blatant and aggressive political agenda to such an esteemed position.  Thank you Mr. President. I yield the floor.  