President, first of all, let me clarify something. I do support the process. It happens that I was elected to the other body in 1986, and that is when Representative Dick Armey from the State of Texas came out with the whole idea that we have got to close down some of the infrastructure that is no longer needed. We understand that. But we can't do it because of the politics that are there.  So he devised a system, and that system was devised to take the politics out of it, and it worked. If there were time, I would read the statement he made on the floor of the House of Representatives when he found out he had to do something that was bad for his State of Texas, and he was willing to do it to save the system, the integrity of the system that was designed to take politics out of it.  Now, as the Senator from Washington said, politics were reinserted, and when that happened I think several of us felt we had to ensure that did not happen again. And so some of the people, wisely perhaps, said that, well, we can do that by waiting until after this President is no longer in office, 2001.  My concern there is I don't know who is going to be the Republican nominee or who is going to be the Democratic nominee or who will ultimately be the next President of the United States. But if that President should be inclined to do so, it would be a tremendous temptation for him to use the same politics that President Clinton used, because if he doesn't do it, he is not using the full force of his office. That is a precedent that has been set. We are trying to stop that now.  I would like to respond to the distinguished Senator from Michigan. He made the statement about money being saved. I have supported every effort to increase our defense spending. For 15 consecutive years now we have actually reduced defense spending when many people a lot smarter than I am agreed with the statement that I have made when I said that I feel the threat that is facing America is greater today than it was even during the cold war because of the nonpredictability, the unpredictability of the threat that is out there, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, the fact there are missiles out there right now that can reach all the way to any city in the United States of America. And it has been recently disclosed by some newspapers that there are, in fact, some missiles, some CSS-4 missiles in China that are targeted at the United States.  Now, I anticipate the President will come back and say, I accomplished the retargeting of these things. However, if you remember the Anthony Lake hearings, we documented the fact that retargeting can take place in as short as 3 minutes.  So anyway, I would say this as far as money being saved by base closures. It is bleeding right now. We need to have as much money right now in order to try to help our defense system survive. Modernization, force strength, quality of life, all of these we are having very serious problems with. We have the lowest retention rate right now we have had in the history of some of the services, including the Air Force. It costs $6 million to put someone in the seat of an F-16 and yet we are losing the pilots. I heard an unofficial report today it is not a retention of 25 percent. It is now down below 20 percent. That is very serious.  But let's look at where we can really fund the services. The first thing I would do, if I were responding to the Senator from Michigan, is get us out of Bosnia. Right now, that was supposed to cost us some $1.2 billion. Now it is over $9 billion direct, and I suggest about twice that much money in reality.  I would also comment that as far as Senator Cohen's statement that this might draw a veto, I find it very difficult to believe that a bill that is supported by the number of Democrats that are supporting this bill, including the minority leader, Tom Daschle, is going to draw a veto. This is a threat that is always there. And I would also comment that Secretary Cohen, when he was Senator Cohen, would have been right up here with me supporting this amendment. And if anyone questions that, I can document that.  Thirdly, when you talk about the courage to do a BRAC, yes, we need to do it. We have to first protect the integrity of the system. That is what the Senator from Washington is saying, and that is exactly what I want to do. I want to reduce more infrastructure. I made that statement. I have said that we need to do it professionally and it needs to be done out of politics.  Lastly, when the Senator from Virginia talked about taking politics out of the process, I really think the distinguished Senator from Virginia gave a pretty good argument for my amendment. So I understand that tomorrowwe are going to have--my time has expired, but we are going to have 10 minutes equally divided. Senator Dorgan and some other Senators who are not here tonight have asked to have that time, which I will yield to them tomorrow.  I yield back the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  