 A statement that was made by the Senator from Vermont was that, if you go to parts of the world where you can see the damage inflicted by these, you perhaps will feel differently. I suggest to the Senator, I have been there, and I remember the problems we had in Nicaragua and Honduras. There is nothing that is more repugnant, nothing that is sadder than seeing the effect of landmines on individuals. However, what we are talking about now is many of those landmines were not U.S. landmines. Those were landmines that were made in other parts of the world. We are talking about self-destructing landmines, self-disarming landmines, and landmines that, in the opinion of our military leaders, are necessary to save the lives of Americans.  As far as the alternatives, I hope that we are going to be able to come up with alternatives to landmines, even smart landmines. I will be the first one, when that time comes, to stand here on the floor of the Senate and change our policy so that we can more accurately use and effectively use these landmines. However, we can always change the law when that time comes.  In addition, the statement that I read was endorsed by every member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and every one of the unified combatant commanders, which was:       Self-destructing landmines are particularly important to      the protection of early entry and light forces which must be      prepared to fight outnumbered during the initial stages of      deployment. The lives of our sons and daughters should be      given the highest priority when deciding whether or not to      ban unilaterally the use of destructive APLs.  I think some of the same language was used by our Commander in Chief when the President said, it was a year ago this month I believe, Mr. President, he said:       As Commander in Chief, I will not send our soldiers to      defend the freedom of our people and the freedom of others      without doing everything we can to make them as secure as      possible. There is a line that I simply cannot cross and that      line is the safety and security of our men and women in      uniform.  