President, there is a process that is used by the FAA which is known as the emergency revocation process. This process will allow an inspector in the event of an alleged violation by a licensed pilot to take away the pilot's certificate. He would take away the certificate under the emergency revocation clause declaring that an emergency exists.  The problem with this is that many times when you have an inspector do this, or an examiner take away a certificate, there is not even an emergency nature to the revocation. Consequently, we have many, many cases where the individuals have been abused.  I would like to suggest that Ted Stewart, who is an American Airlines pilot, has been a pilot for over 12 years and presently flying Boeing 767s. In May of 1995, there was an emergency revocation. He was not guilty of anything. There was not an emergency attached to this. There was never any hazard to anyone's health or safety.  However, it was 2 months until he was able to get his certificate back. Then an examiner went back to him in June of 1996 and again revoked his certificate under the emergency revocation. Consequently, for another 2 months he was unable to earn a living. Fortunately, he worked for American Airlines; they were good enough to keep his paychecks coming, but in many cases that is not the case.  I happen to be a very close friend of a man named Bob Hoover. I think most of you can remember who Bob Hoover is. He is considered to be the best performer in the circuit of airshows. In fact, I have flown airshows with him. In 1992--and I was there at the time--an inspector came in, an examiner for the FAA, and said to him, We think you have a problem. We think perhaps there is a mental problem or something--they didn't really define it--and they revoked his certificate. It wasn't for another 4 years he was able to get his certificate back. In the meantime, he was flying his airshows but outside the United States.  Now, very simply, what my amendment does is set up a process whereby if you lose your certificate, you have 48 hours to take it to the NTSB and let the NTSB make a determination as to whether or not there is any kind of an emergency nature to the revocation. After they have looked this over and decided there is no emergency involved to the nature of the revocation, then at the end of 7 days the pilot will get his certificate back. If there is, then he would not get it back. They can go ahead then and go through the normal adjudication of the violation.  This is something that has been going on for quite some time. We have been concerned about reforming this process. This is a compromise, because this makes it very clear if there is any hazard out there, if there is any risk to anyone's safety, the flying public or the pilot himself, the pilot is not going to be able to fly. It is as simple as that.  A lot of people say that there are only 300 emergency revocations a year. Therefore, it is not really a problem; it doesn't really affect that many people. I suggest to you that if you take 300 people, there might be 20 or 30 of those who make their living flying airplanes for American Airlines or one of the other airlines, in which case that takes them out of their occupation.  The other problem we have is there are 650,000 pilots right now licensed inthe United States and they all live in mortal fear that something like this would happen to them.  At this point let me yield 1 minute to Senator Frist.  