President, I have a great deal of concern over some of the things that we have been hearing during this interim when we have been considering what we would do if a surplus should become a reality. And we and many people have talked about problems in child care, in Medicare, in the environment, and in education. But the one thing, the one area, that we have the greatest deficiency in America in, and the great threat facing us, is what has happened with the demise of our defense budget and what has happened to our defense system.  Being the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee, we have had occasion to go around and pay visits to a number of our installations. Mr. President, this is not something that has just come on recently. Although now is when the public has finally a wake-up call, thanks perhaps to Saddam Hussein and Iraq, and realizes that there is a great threat out there.  I would like to read just one paragraph out of the 1998 Defense Authorization Act under, ``The Storm Clouds Are On The Horizon.''       There are two key factors that threaten to undermine the      readiness of our forces--a lack of adequate funding and the      over commitment of a greatly reduced force structure. Unless      we take necessary steps to correct these problems our      military capability will incur significant degredation as we      enter into the 21st century.  Mr. President, during this interim period, I visited a number of installations, including Nellis Air Force Base out in the Mojave Desert, and national training systems: The Army Advanced Training System, the Marine Advanced Training Center at Twentynine Palms, and the San Diego naval operations. Also, I have had occasion to be in Camp Lejuene, Fort Bragg, and Fort Hood, and these installations that are trying to keep us prepared throughout America, and throughout the world.  I can tell you that we really have a serious problem. We find that our operations are up, that now we have U.S. forces that have been used in 36 countries in the last 9 years. In the 9 years prior to that there was only 22 countries. We have had over a 300-percent increase in the pace of operations since 1990. We have 26 Army contingency operations in the 7 years since 1991 compared to 10 operations in the 30 years prior to that time. There were 26 operations in just 7 years compared to 10 over the previous 30 years. What this means is we have a ``op tempo,'' or a first tempo, which is a term that is used to measure how busy our people are that are out there and how this is going to affect all of our other operations.  So we actually have two problems that we are faced with. One problem is the fact that we have reduced our budget to an artificially low rate that puts us in the position where we cannot carry out the minimum expectations for the American people. And to be specific about it, we have roughly one-half of the force strength today that we had in 1991. I am talking about one-half the Army divisions, one-half the tactical air wings, and one-half of the ships floating out there. So that is a serious problem.  Then we have stood on this floor time and again and talked about the problems of our deployment on these contingency operations. I can remember standing on this floor in November of 1995 and saying that we cannot afford to send our American troops into Bosnia, and that if we do send them into Bosnia we will incur an operation and an obligation that will sustain the next two decades. The President assured us and promised us. He didn't estimate it, Mr. President. He said that this operation will not exceed 12 months, and that all of our troops will be home from Bosnia for Christmas in 1996. Of course, we knew that wasn't true. We knew the President was not telling the truth. I remember going over there and talking to them. When I told them up there in the northeast sector, the U.N., that it was going to be a 12-month operation, they laughed, and they said, ``You mean 12 years.'' They said it is like putting your hand in the water and leaving it there for 12 months. Take it out, and nothing has changed. The President also said that the cost would be $1.2 billion. Guess what? It has now gone over $8 billion in that effort.  That is not even a part of it. When the American people are told that we only have 8,500 troops over there in Bosnia, that is not true either because if you count the troops as of last week that are in Croatia and the Moravian countries, it is well up to over 12,000 troops. You go over to the 21st Tatical Command in Germany that supplies the logistics for the operation in Bosnia, and they are at 100-percent capacity, and their op tempo rate is 60 percent higher than it should be. What that means in normal terms is that if something happens in Iraq they have to support that logistically on the ground from the 21st Tactical Command. You go 10 miles down the road to Ramstein Air Force Base where they have the 86th Airlift operation, and I defy you to go there and find any ramp space that isn't being used as the C-141s, C-5s and DC-17s that are bringing in everything going to Bosnia are transferring onto C-130s, and off they go. We are using 100 percent of our capacity there. So that is a very, very serious problem that has to be corrected. We cannot do that and continue to try to rebuild a defense operation that has been decimated mostly by this administration. As we go around to these installations, we find that our retention rate is down, the divorce rate is up, and that we are approaching the hollow force days of the late 1970's. We know the two reasons: the budget cuts and the contingency operations.  We have stood on this floor for the last 5 years and talked about the threat that is facing the United States of America. It is not just that we are not adequately prepared in our state of readiness to take care of normal operations should something erupt, for example, in Iraq or Iran or Syria or North Korea, but we also do not have a national missile defense system. In 1983 we started one that should have been deployable by the year 1998. That is now. Someone was pretty smart back there. And yet this administration stopped that in 1992. We are now 5 years behind, if we get right back in, which I think we will now because there is a wake-up call that the American people have heard. And that is, I would have to say, some good news, that even right now this administration is agreeing with what they have refuted over the last 5 years.  I was very pleased to hear Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen stand up and say that we now know there are over 25 nations that have weapons of mass destruction, either biological, chemical or nuclear, and are working on the missile means to deliver those as far as theUnited States of America. When Bill Cohen stood up and said Saddam Hussein--keep in mind, here is a guy who murders his own grandchildren--and Iraq under our close supervision still has enough DX gas to kill every man, woman and child on the face of this Earth in 60 seconds, finally America is waking up, and I am very pleased that has happened.  I have a couple articles here that I will not read from because my time is running out, but one article is the one that is the cover story of the current U.S. News & World Report that is out on the newsstands today. It is called: ``Can peacekeepers make war?'' And they get into the fact, as we have found, that if we had to bring these troops back and put them in a combat environment, it would take between 4 and 6 months to train them. So that exacerbates our problem. And the other is in the National Review. I ask unanimous consent that both of these articles be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  