President, I don't disagree with some of the statements made here. I have a little different interpretation. I think the Senator from Arizona is correct when he says 2.55 percent of those were of an emergency nature. The numbers equate to about roughly 300 people.  Now, all too often, we stand down here and say it is such a small number that, if there is an injustice, it doesn't affect that many people. I think that is probably true, but those individuals who are affected, it is a matter of taking away their livelihoods. I disagreewith the way the system works. When I look at the average between the time of the alleged offense and the emergency revocation, the average time of those in this last entire year was 132 days. I ask the question, How could there be an emergency nature to these revocations if it takes 132 days before that license is revoked?  I also comment on the extreme cases that we bring out, such as the Ted Stewarts and the Bob Hoovers. There are many others out there like that. Again, we are not talking about anything that is going to impair the safety of the flying public or the pilots because we are setting aside a process whereby there are a certain number of hours to appeal this to the NTSB. It goes back to using the same argument that was successfully used when we changed the rules having to do with civil penalties. With civil penalties, we argued that you can't have just the FAA be the judge and jury and appellate court; and, of course, it has worked out very well since then.  While I respectfully disagree with my colleagues from Arizona and Kentucky, I say that there is no interpretation that can be put on my amendment that is going to do anything to make flying more hazardous, or to keep a person from holding a certificate if there is an emergency nature to the revocation. If there is an emergency nature to the revocation, as determined by the NTSB--and that is their job--then, of course, they will keep the certificate and that individual will not have the ability to fly an airplane.  Let me just make one comment about the NTSB because, while it has been stated that the NTSB and FAA are both opposed to this amendment, I can assure you we talked as recently as yesterday to Dan Campbell, the chief counsel for the NTSB, and he says, no, it is natural that they generally don't want a heavier workload than they currently have. But he feels that this is a fair approach, and they don't have an official position against it.  Does the FAA? Yes. I think any time you are dealing with a bureaucracy--I don't care if it is the IRS, the FDA, the EPA, or the FAA, or any of the rest of them--they don't like to give up anything. This way, they would be giving up part of this appellate process. This is a matter of fairness.  I recognize that we will not be voting until tomorrow. However, I ask for the yeas and nays.  