President, I thank the Senator from Texas for yielding a little time here.  I can remember in November of 1995 when the Senator from Texas was the primary author of the resolution of disapproval of sending troops into Bosnia. I was on the resolution with her. We only lost by three votes. In other words, if three Senators had voted the other way, we very likely would not have had to send troops into Bosnia to begin with.  In anticipation of this, I went to Bosnia, up to the northeast sector, only to find there was never any belief that we could get into this thing and be out in 12 months. The reason the President was able to get the three votes necessary to defeat the resolution of disapproval was the guarantee that our troops that were going to be sent over there in November of 1995 would be home for Christmas in 1996. That was not an expectation; that was a guarantee. I can remember so well talking to General Haukland up in the northeast sector when he laughed and said, ``You mean 12 years.'' As the years and months are going by now, it looks like there is more and more truth to that.  Let me just mention my concern is a little different than the concerns that are expressed by most people. Mine is one as to how this involvement in Bosnia is adversely affecting our ability to defend America.  I am chairman of a committee called the Readiness Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services Committee that is in charge of training and making sure that we are ready. Until some of the recent scandals have taken the headlines off the front page, we have finally broken through the national media so that people realize, and the national media realizes, that we are facing huge threats today all over the world with over 25 nations with weapons of mass destruction with delivery systems that can reach the United States from anyplace in the world.  With all this, we are concentrating our efforts and spending our defense dollars on Bosnia. This is the thing that concerns me. We keep hearing that there are only 8,500 troops in Bosnia. That is not much of a commitment, but I can assure you, Mr. President, it is far greater than that. If you just add the troops who are directly affected by the Bosnia operation in the rim countries, in Croatia, that adds up to 12,000. Then you go over to Europe and you see the logistical support of that operation. We find that in the 21st TACOM, for example. That is the operation that is responsible for logistical support of any ground operation, for example, if we should have to send ground troops into Iraq.  I don't think anyone is naive enough to think we could surgically bomb Iraq if it became necessary and not have to make a commitment of ground troops. But if that happened, we don't have any way to support logistically those ground troops that would be sent to Iraq. The 21st TACOM, which has to support logistically ground troops anywhere in that theater, which includes Iraq, is now totally consumed by their participation and their support in Bosnia. Right now they are operating at a very high op tempo and pers-tempo rate so individuals are being consumed by the operation in Bosnia.  We are at 115 percent capacity just supporting Bosnia. What does that mean? That means in the event we had to send ground troops someplace else in the world, we would not have the logistic support for them.  When you ask the question, ``What would you do if that happened,'' the commanding officer at the 21st TACOM said we would be totally dependent upon the Guard and Reserves. I suggest to you, Mr. President--you know and the rest of us know who are close to this subject--we don't have the necessary MOSs and capacity in Guard and Reserves to make that support. You go 10 miles up the road to the 86th Airlift in Ramstein. In Ramstein, they are right now at 100-percent capacity just supporting the airlift to Bosnia.  So the cost is far greater, even far greater than $8 billion that so far we have admitted we have spent in Bosnia. We are making a commitment that makes it virtually impossible for us to support any other operations should it become necessary.  So I think there has to be an end to this thing. It is easy to get into these things; it is very difficult to get out. We got in; we got in with a guarantee it would be a 12-month operation; we got in with the expectations it would cost $1.2 billion. We knew better at the time. We knew they were not telling the truth about what kind of a commitment we were making and, consequently, we have to have some way of getting out.  So this is a major national security issue, Mr. President, that we get out of Bosnia so that we can have the capacity to take care of the needs of the American people in terms of defending our country.  With that, I defer to the Senator from Kansas for any comments he might want to make.  