President, I was listening to the debate when the distinguished Senator from Alabama was relating to us his experiences in basic training, and I was thinking of my experiences in basic training. Quite frankly, I think I would have been for integration of the sexes when I was in basic training, but I am looking at it differently now than I did at that time.  I would like to respond to something that the Senator from Michigan said. I have so much respect for him, but I disagree with him in this respect. As chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Subcommittee on Readiness, I spend a lot of time talking to officers in the field, talking to enlisted people in the field, as does the ranking member, the Senator from Virginia. I find a discrepancy in what you hear in the field and what you hear from the chiefs.  I am not saying this critically of the current chiefs, but I think the chiefs have always reflected the philosophy of the President. The President is the Commander in Chief. He is the guy responsible for their careers. So we hear different things from the chiefs here in Washington than I hear when I go out to the National Training Center, or to 29 Palms, or Fort Bragg, or to Camp Lejeune. They are very emphatic and supportive of that portion of the recommendations of the Kassebaum-Baker report having to do with housing.  Thirdly, three different Members, while I have been sitting here, have gone into detail as to the makeup of the committee that we have asked for from our committee, and it is a very distinguished panel. But I think that we have kind of lost sight of the fact that the committee that we refer to as the Kassebaum-Baker committee was actually appointed under the supervision of Secretary of Defense William Cohen. He put together a committee and, frankly, I probably would not have put together the same committee. I would want it stacked a little bit the other way. Real briefly, I will go over the committee.  They are: Richard Allen, retired vice admiral of the U.S. Navy; Robert Forman, retired lieutenant general, U.S. Army; Marcelite Harris, major general, retired, from the Air Force; Condoleezza Rice, a Stanford professor; Don Gardner, a retired major general from the Marine Corps; Deval Patrick, who was the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights, appointed by President Clinton. I mean, if there is anybody who would have a bias toward the administration, it would be this individual. Ginger Lee Simpson, retired U.S. Navy, and others.  I suggest to my fellow Senators that this committee of 11 had a majority of women. On this committee of 11, 5 ofthem were either retired generals or admirals.  I would hold up this committee to be certainly comparable to the committee that had been discussed on this floor. I think any time you have a committee like this reaching a unanimous decision--all of these retired women from all the services, along with the former Assistant Attorney General in charge of civil rights appointed by President Clinton--and it was unanimous; they all agreed. I think when you have this unanimity, I can't imagine that any other committee is going to come up with a different result.  What would happen is, it would delay the implementation of this by a year. If it is good now, and it is good a year from now, I think one year should make a tremendous difference in the morale of the services, which is certainly suffering at this time.  