It is very precious time. There isn't nearly time to get into the seriousness of this issue. The Senator from Alabama is exactly right, there is no issue before this body that is more significant than this particular issue.  We have stood here and debated this at least once a month since November of 1995. If I could criticize the Senator from Texas, I would say this isn't strong enough. But I know she knows it is not strong enough either. We should have a date. We should be out of there. And it isn't being hardhearted, it isn't being uncompassionate.  This is something where the times are different now than they were back in 1995. If you just look at a very recent development, the Rumsfeld report came out. And if you will remember,the national intelligence estimate that came out in 1995, that said we would have a good 3 years' warning, in 3 years, to participate in preparing for a national missile defense system. Now the Rumsfeld report has come out and said that isn't true at all, that we are out of time, we are naked--if we started today to deploy a system and put it into effect, we would not be able to do it.  What has that got to do with Bosnia? It is very simple, because in Bosnia right now they are using up our military assets to the extent that we are not able to carry out the minimum expectations of the American people, which would be to defend America on two regional fronts.  If you do not believe this, go to the 21st TACOM in Germany. They are responsible for the ground support, anything that will happen in that theater. That theater includes Iraq. That means that if something should happen, we should have to surgically strike Iraq--I do not think there is a person in America who does not believe that is a possibility--we would eventually have to go in on the ground and clean it up.  How do you do that? If you go to the 21st TACOM in Germany, they will say we are right now over 100 percent capacity in just supporting Bosnia. We have M-915 trucks that have a million miles on them right now trying to carry the support over there and support Bosnia on the ground. Until we are able to get that out, we are not going to be able to adequately meet the defense needs.  I hope that you read, Mr. President, just in this morning's Inside the Pentagon: ``The Navy's ability to retain its carrier aviators has hit its lowest historical annual rate. . . .''  