President, first of all, I thank the senior Senator from Minnesota for his courtesy. We discussed this a few minutes ago and decided it might be better if I go first, because he might want to respond to some things I might say.  Some statements were made on the floor yesterday concerning my hold that I have on James Hormel to be the Ambassador to Luxembourg. It is true that I do have a hold on Mr. Hormel.  To clarify what a hold is, it is a courtesy. It is not a procedural matter. It is something that is a courtesy to the leader so he will know there is opposition.  There very well may be a vote on this individual, but I will oppose his nomination, and I want to stand and tell you why.  The statement that was made on the floor was made by the senior Senator from Minnesota, Mr. Wellstone. I will read excerpts of it:       Now, one of my colleagues, and I think it is extremely      unfortunate, one of my colleagues has compared Mr. Hormel, a      highly qualified public servant and nominee, to Mr. David      Duke, who, among other credentials, is a former grand wizard      of the Ku Klux Klan.  He goes on to say:       I want to say to my colleagues, that given this kind of      statement made publicly by a United States Senator, this kind      of character assassination, it is more important now than      ever that this man, Mr. Hormel, be voted on.  In defense, really, of the senior Senator from Minnesota, I say that if I had said what he thought I said, he was certainly entitled and justified to make the statements that were made. But I think it is important to know that I did not make those statements in the context that he believed I made them.  Let me, first of all, say that there probably are not two Members of the U.S. Senate who are further apart philosophically than the senior Senator from Minnesota and myself. I would probably, in my own mind, believe him to be an extreme left-wing radical liberal and he believes me to be an extreme right-wing radical conservative. And I think maybe we are both right.  But one thing I respect about Senator Wellstone is he is not a hypocrite. He is the same thing everywhere. He honestly, in his heart, believes the role of Government to be something different than I believe it to be. So we have these honest differences of opinion. One of the things I like about this body, the U.S. Senate, is that you can, in a spirit of love, talk about these things. And that is what we are doing right now.  Let me just real quickly say that I like activists. The Senator from Minnesota is an activist. I am an activist. In fact, this is the commencement season. I quite often give commencement talks. I talk to young people, and I say, ``Whatever you are, don't be a mushy middle. Stand for something.'' I would far rather, even though I am a conservative, have one of these young people be a radical right-wing--or left-wing--either one--than just be in the mushy middle.  I quote Henry Ward Beecher now and then. He said,       I don't like these cold, precise, perfect people. In order      not to say wrong, say nothing; in order not to do wrong, do      nothing.  And the Lord had something to say about this, too. He said,       I know your works. You are neither hot nor cold. Because      you are neither hot nor cold, you are lukewarm. And because      you are lukewarm, I will spew thee out of my mouth.  He is saying the same thing I am saying. And I really believe this. And the young kids, they look at us as examples. In fact, when I was in the other body and was first elected, I would take interns down to the intersection of New Jersey and Independence, and I would say as they went across the street, I said, ``There are three kinds of Members of Congress. There are extreme liberals, extreme conservatives, and then the mushy middle. And the goal of those in the mushy middle is to die in Washington, DC. And how do you die in Washington, DC? You take a poll, and you make statements that ingratiate yourself.''  The senior Senator from Minnesota cannot be accused of that, nor can I. Unfortunately, we do have too many appeasers around.  Hiram Mann said, ``No man survives when freedom fails. The best men rot in filthy jails. And those who cry ``appease'' are hanged by those they try to please.''  Let me tell you quickly what I did say so that it will be clarified for the Record.  I made the statement, when I was running for office--and I have been consistent with that--that if I get to the U.S. Senate, where I have the opportunity to participate in the confirmation process, that I will work to keep a nominee from being confirmed if that individual has his own personal agenda and has made statements to the effect that he believes stronger in his personal agenda and will use that office to advance his personal agenda more than he would the American agenda.  Now, in the case of James Hormel, he is a gay activist. He has made statements in the past, which I will read in a moment, that have led me to believe that his agenda, his personal agenda is above the agenda of the United States.  And I said the same thing would apply regardless of who the individual is. I made the statement that David Duke, if he were nominated, I would oppose him because he has made statements that his militia extremist agenda is more important than the agenda of America. I said in the way of Patricia Ireland, if she were nominated, I would feel the same way if she made statements saying that her feminist agenda was more important to her than the agenda of America.  And the same thing with one of my closest friends, Ralph Reed. I mean, Ralph Reed, who was the one who built the Christian Coalition, he is one with whom I agree. I agree with what he stands for. I spent the Easter recess in west Africa in the countries of Benin and Nigeria and Cote d'Ivoire talking about Jesus Christ. So I agree with him. However, if he were nominated, and he said, ``I want this job so that I can advance my personal agenda over that of America,'' I think it would be wrong and I would oppose it.  So let us just see real quickly. I am going to read a couple things, and then my time will expire, and I think I will be on the record as I want to be.  During the course of the nomination process--I will read, first of all, the San Francisco Chronicle. This is on October 9 of 1997.       President Clinton's nomination of James Hormel . . . is the      latest sign that he is making good on his post-election      promise to reward gays and lesbians for their support,      national gay leaders said today . . .'' I think it's the      result of very hard work behind the scenes of national gay      and lesbian organizations that have been pushing and pushing      for these appointments to be made''. . . .  That was Kerry Lobel, the executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.  I would also like to quote someone I think who is familiar to all of us--we hold her in very high esteem--Faith Whittlesey, former U.S. Ambassador to Switzerland. She was talking about this trend of trying to put people with their own personal agendas in the various Embassies. She made this statement. She said:       The United States is more socially radicalized than any      other country in the world on this issue (gay rights).      Ambassadorships may no longer be essential foreign policy      positions, but they are still symbolically important.      Starting with small countries to set a precedent for bigger      appointments, what they're trying to do is use the U.S.      diplomatic service to open deeply held religious convictions      and social mores in other countries. Ambassadorial      appointments should not be used for the purposes of social      engineering in the countries to which the ambassadors are      assigned.  One of the many statements that had been made previous about James Hormel that led me to the conclusion that he wanted to use this position to advance his agenda was the following statement he made on June 16, 1996. He said:       I specifically asked to be Ambassador to Norway because, at      the time, they were about to pass legislation that would      acknowledge same-sex relationships, and they had indicated      their reception, their receptivity, to gay men and lesbians.  I think it is very difficult to put any interpretation on that other than the fact that individual wanted to be ambassador to that country because of pending legislation in that country.  So, Mr. President, I stand by the statements I have made. I certainly do not want anyone to say that I am comparing two individuals as individual personalities. But I will continue to oppose the confirmation of individuals who are nominated for various positions, if I believe, in my own heart, that that individual is not going to represent the best interests of America and has his own personal agenda in advance of Americans.  I yield the floor.  