President, I rise in support of the efforts that have been brought to the floor by the Senator from Kansas. I would like to make a few comments and observations about tax cuts and some misconceptions. I was somewhat distressed at the beginning of this administration when a statement was made by Laura Tyson, who was the chief financial advisor at that time. She said--and this is almost a direct quote--that there is no relationship between the level of taxation that a country pays and its economic activity. If you would carry that to its logical conclusion, you would say you could tax somebody by 100 percent and they are going to be just as motivated to work hard and to contribute to the economy and take risks and to hire people as if they had no tax at all. As we know, history has shown us that this is not true.  One of the interesting things that is so overlooked by many of the liberals nowadays is that for every 1 percent increase in economic activity, it produces new income of approximately $24 billion. Three times in this century we have had administrations that have had massive tax cuts, and each time this has happened we have actually increased the revenue. What I am hoping we will get to is a discussion and a debate along the lines that you can actually increase revenue by reducing taxes. History has shown us that, in fact, this is true. The first time this happened was in the 1920s, during the Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge administrations. They had consecutive tax cuts, reducing the top tax rate from 73 percent to 25 percent. The lower rates of taxation helped expand the economy dramatically. In fact, between 1921 and 1929, in spite of--or maybe because of--dramatic reductions in personal income tax rates, revenues increased from $719 million in 1921 to $1.16 billion in 1928, an increase of more than 60 percent. Now, over a 10-year period, that would have been about a doubling of the tax revenues that came as a result of reducing tax rates.  Then in the 1960s, along came the Kennedy administration. Of course, when you hear some of the things that President Kennedy said at the time that didn't sound that prophetic, they turned out to be true. At that time, he said we needed to have more revenues and the best way is to reduce our tax rates and expand the economy. Again, going back to the assumption that has been proven over and over again that your tax revenues increase with certain types of marginal tax rate reductions, in the 1960s, President Kennedy initiated a series of tax cuts where he took the top income tax rate and reduced it from 91 percent to 70 percent. These cuts, in part, helped increase the growth by some 42 percent between 1961 and 1968. So again, you have a very similar type of growth that we experienced back in the 1920s.  Then in 1980, we remember so well Ronald Reagan coming along and the criticisms that he has had. At that time, he was working with a Congress that was not that friendly--at least a House that wasn't that friendly. He was able to probably make the most dramatic reductions in the tax rates than at any period during any administration in this country's history, knocking the top tax rates from 70 percent in 1980 down to 28 percent by 1988.  The results of this were very interesting in that if you look at total revenues raised to run this country in 1980, it was $517 billion. By 1990, that figure was increased to $1.3 trillion. So revenues doubled during that period of time that he reduced the tax rates. As far as the revenues that were generated from the marginal rates, or from income tax, that went from $244 billion in 1980 to $466 billion in 1990. So you have almost a doubling in that case, also.  So I think those people who are saying that we don't want to reduce taxes are saying we don't want to reduce the revenues. We have need for more revenues when, in fact, some of the tax reductions that we will be talking about could have the opposite effect. I can remember in Ronald Reagan's speech--one of the speeches he made called ``A Rendezvous With Destiny'' in the sixties, it was prophetic. He said, ``There is nothing closer to immortality on the face of this Earth than a Government agency once formed.'' I think this is one of the problems we are dealing with now, in that it is so difficult to cut down the size of Government.  Sometimes it is necessary to reduce taxes in order to overcome that temptation to spend the money that is out there. We know the political reality of that. By the way, when many of the Democrats--liberals--were saying, ``Look at how the deficits increased during the Reagan administration,'' yes, that is true, they did, but that was not as a result of reducing taxes; that was a result of increased spending. I think that, in retrospect, the President should have adopted a policy of issuing more vetoes, and I don't think we would have had the deficits that we had.  The bottom line is that we are not an undertaxed Nation. We are a Nation that needs to reduce taxes. This is an opportunity to do it. I can't imagine that in this day and age when we have the projected, huge surpluses that are out there, we would consider anything less than making major tax reductions. The tax reduction that has been promoted on the floor by the various speakers regarding the marriage penalty is certainly one that is justified. I would like to see, in addition, some marginal rate reductions. I hope we will be able to do that before this debate is all over.  Lastly, we have come so dangerously close to what has been stated in history. People have observed this country. When Alexis de Tocqueville came here, he came to study the penal system and to write about that. After he saw the great wealth in this Nation and the freedoms, he wrote a book about the wealth. In the last paragraph, he said that once the people of this country find that they can vote themselves money out of the public trust, the system will fail. I think we have come dangerously close to that. This is the time to reduce taxes and allow individuals to have more control of the money they earn.  I yield the floor.  