This provision, which was adopted in committee as part of S. 1259, has the unintended effect of raising serious safety concerns for general aviation pilots. It would make it a criminal offense if a pilot knowingly disobeys an order to land, but there is no explicit requirement for reasonable suspicion of criminal activity. It also could make an aircraft owner responsible for paying thousands of dollars to reclaim their aircraft, even if they are totally innocent of any wrongdoing.  As the Senator knows, I have been a pilot for over 40 years, and I understand that an ``order to land'' could be a dangerous and traumatic experience for a pilot. In fact, the International Standards, Rules of the Air, published by the International Civil Aviation Organization says ``interceptions of civil aircraft are, in all cases, potentially hazardous.''  The provision was intended to provide additional authority to U.S. law enforcement officers to curtail maritime and aviation drug smuggling near the border, which I'm sure all of us agree is a laudable goal. However, because of the potential danger and immense burden to pilots, I believe some relatively minor changes should be made to the amendment.  With that in mind, I have drafted some changes to the language that I would appreciate the House and Senate considering during their deliberations. These changes will directly address the concerns of the general aviation community without undermining the ability of law enforcement to track and stop pilots involved in illegal activity.  Mr. McCAIN. I thank my friend, Senator Inhofe, for raising these issues. As he said, the goal of this amendment is to help U.S. law enforcement officers fight the war on drugs. The provision would make it unlawful for a pilot subject to U.S. jurisdiction to knowingly disobey an order to land issued by an authorized Federal law enforcement officer. The provision does try to address the issues you raise by requiring that the FAA write the regulations to define the means by and circumstances under which it would be appropriate to order an aircraft to land. The regulations would include guidelines for determining when an officer may issue an order to land based on observed conduct, prior information, or other circumstances.  Clearly, safety must be a primary consideration in the formulation and administration of these guidelines. Let me also assure the Senator from Oklahoma that the intent of this provision is not to allow for seizure of aircraft owned by people whose planes have been stolen, borrowed or rented and used illegally without the owner's knowledge. If the general aviation community still has concerns, we will work with you to make sure the issues involving safety and fair treatment of innocent pilots are thoroughly considered. As we discuss the Coast Guard bill with the House, we will work with you and review the language in this provision. I want to assure my friend that I will discuss all of your concerns and recommendations, and recommendations from other Senators with our colleagues in the House.  