This made dramatic changes in the standards for particulate matter and for ozone.  We held extensive hearings. As chairman of the Clean Air Subcommittee, we had seven hearings on this bill. It has become very controversial. The Administrator of the EPA has set the standards. After having gone through the process of the hearings and the process of the comment periods, it is now set. However, in the memorandum of implementation by the President, we have a time guideline for the implementation of these standards. Let me repeat that. The standards are set in both particulate matter and in ozone but not yet implemented. The implementation period provides for certain periods of time for establishing a PM monitoring network for collecting data for Governors to recommend areas of designation for the EPA to designate new nonattainment areas, and then for the States to submit State implementation plans. That would be true on both ozone and particulate matter.  What we are attempting to do with this bill is to take these guidelines to make sure that they are in order and that everyone has ample time to carry out what has to be done in order to implement these standards. That would require a period of time.  So what I have done with this amendment is take the memorandum of implementation from President Clinton and put that down into periods of time as he recommends, and we are adding that as an amendment. Obviously, this is germane to this bill because if we are to find ourselves out of attainment, it would dramatically affect the ability of the States to be able to have their transportation funds.  So with the following three exceptions, this amendment only puts into the bill the time guidelines that we have all agreed to. It has been signed off on by the minority and the majority and the EPA.  The first one is an area that does not affect time lines. It has to do with fully funding. This is a conscientious concern. However, the States have talked to us through the Governors associations, U.S. Conference of Mayors, the counties, and the rest of them saying that what they don't want to have is an unfunded mandate whereby they would have all of these obligations to monitor the PM and go through all of this and not have it funded. This portion of the amendment, section (2)(a), requires that the EPA absorb all of these costs.  The next area is one that meets a problem that mostly concerns the agricultural community throughout America; that is, their concern with how they will be treated. Section 2(e) says that this study would take place that would address the concerns of farmers who believe that they will be targeted for PM 2.5. And we talked about PM 2.5. We are talking about 2.5 micrograms as opposed to the current 10 and emissions larger than 2.5.  This is their concern. Everyone has agreed that this is a legitimate concern that the farmers of America have, and we are accommodating them.  The last section that does not affect just the timeline is section 4 where it says:       Nothing in section 1-3 above shall be construed by the      Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency or any      court, State, or person to affect any pending legislation.  There is some pending legislation.  I would like to add that I had a conversation with Administrator Browner, and we have had many nice conversations. While we have occasionally disagreed philosophically on some things, I did agree with her that if this amendment passes and survives the conference, passes and then is signed into law, I have no intention of bringing up any other legislation or amendments affecting the national ambient air quality standards; that is, barring anything totally unforeseen. I can't imagine what that would be.  Mr. President, my amendment today addresses the EPA's revised Particulate Matter and Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. As you know, I have been a vocal critic of the EPA's revised Particulate Matter and Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards. My subcommittee has held extensive hearings on both standards, and I am convinced, based on the record developed in those hearings, that those standards are not needed to protect the health of our citizens, or our environment, and that the implementation of these standards will impose huge costs on the country, that are completely unjustified. For these reasons, I have sponsored legislation that would require EPA to reconsider these standards, before they are implemented.  I rise today to pursue a narrower objective. The administration has announced an implementation plan for both standards. However, a number of concerns have been raised about EPA's ability to implement this plan under the Clean Air Act. One key concern has been whether EPA can hold off on designation areas as not meeting the new standards--i.e., as nonattainment areas.  With regard to PM 2.5 (the new Particulate Matter standard), three years of federal reference method monitoring data are necessary to designate areas, and a monitoring network--funded by EPA, not the states--needs to be put in place to generate these data.  With regard to the ozone standard, EPA needs to develop guidance on nonattainment boundaries, before the designation process can even begin. EPA says that this guidance will be available in 1999, but, the states still must submit their recommended designations to EPA this July unless something is done.  The amendment I have offered is designed to address these concerns by giving the Agency clear authority to proceed with the schedule announced by the President last July. I am offering it because I believe it would be unacceptable for the Congress to allow a situation to develop where uncertainty about EPA's legal authority could result in confusion and chaos.  I caution, however, that this legislation does not affirm the standards. Whether those standards are lawful, appropriate, and necessary is still an open question that is being considered by the Courts. We can't realistically expect this question to be answered in a year or more. This legislation is designed to assure that the agency has clear authority to proceed with its implementation schedule, while the very important questions about the legitimacy of these standards are still debated.  This legislation addresses only the timing of attainment designation under the President's implementation plan for these standards. EPA recently proposed to order the states to develop plans, that, among other things, would require reductions in inter-state emissions that might be contributing to exceedances of the 8-hour ozone standard. A number of legal and factual objections to this proposal have been raised by states, industry, and others. Since this is only a proposal, I have not addressed in this legislation EPA's authority under the Act to require any reductions before state plans are developed after areas have been designated.  I thank very much Senator Baucus, Senator Chafee, and AdministratorBrowner, as well as some of the staff: Chris Hessler, Jimmie Powell, with whom I worked closely, Barbara Roberts, and Tom Sliter. They have been very cooperative and very helpful in bringing this to the point where we are today.  At this point I yield for questions.  