President, this amendment is one that should not be controversial. I can recall as recently as the Oshkosh meeting this last August where they voted--and we are talking about 250,000 people who were involved--to say this is the No. 1 issue for general aviation in America this entire year and perhaps for several years.  It has to do with a process that is very similar to something we went through a few years ago. When the FAA exercises its power to invoke an emergency revocation of a license, they can do so for an indefinite period of time and that person will lose that license. In many cases, it may be this person's only way of making a living.  We have worked for several years to come up with some type of a compromise that will allow an individual to recover his license in the event that it is shown there is nothing dangerous in the way that individual had been flying. It is very unfortunate that in any bureaucracy, there are a few people who will occasionally do something that is not justified.  I share with you, Mr. President, a case of an individual named Ted Stewart who had been employed by American Airlines as a pilot for more than 12 years and presently serves as a Boeing 767 captain. No complaints had ever been registered against him or his flying.  In January of 1995, the FAA suspended Mr. Stewart's examining authority. And the reason? Possibly improper issuing of ratings. He complied with the FAA request that he provide log books and/or other reliable records for inspections. On May 16, 1995, an emergency revocation was issued, and he lost his airman certificates.  June 19, 1995, the National Transportation Safety Board Administrative Law Judge Mullins ruled in Mr. Stewart's favor on all counts. In July of 1995, the full NTSB upheld Judge Mullins' initial decision. All pilot certificates were returned. I point out, this is almost 2 months after the revocation. In January of 1996, he was awarded approximately 60 percent of the money spent to defend himself. The FAA appealed the ruling and it is still pending before the full NTSB.  What I am getting at is, we have case after case where individuals have lost their ability to make their living for their families when there was not any type of an emergency, there was not any type of a hazard in their performance in terms of their acting as a pilot.  What we are trying to do is similar to what we did successfully a few years ago under the civil penalties provision, and that is, insert into the process an unbiased source that will be able to participate in the process. In the case of civil penalties, we had the NTSB to hear the cases after they have been ruled on by the FAA. This has been working very well since that time.  My amendment, as far as it addresses the emergency revocation, addresses the problem prudently by providing an airman--that is the pilot--48 hours after receiving an emergency revocation order the opportunity to request a hearing before the NTSB on the emergency nature of the revocation. This is not on the offense, this is on the emergency nature as to whether or not this would be an emergency. The NTSB then has 48 hours to hear the arguments. Within 5 days of the initial request, the NTSB must decide if a true emergency exists. During this time, the emergency revocation remains in effect.  In other words, the certificate holder loses use of his certificate for a maximum of 7 days. However, should the NTSB decide an emergency does not exist, then the certificate will be returned to the certificate holder, and he can continue to use it while the FAA pursues their revocation case against him.  Keep in mind, no emergency exists, nothing is done to impose a hazard on himself or the public.  If the NTSB decides that an emergency does exist, then emergency revocation remains in effect and the certificate holder cannot use his certificate while the case is adjudicated. That would revert back to the way the law is today. That individual would not be able to fly. So all we are talking about is whether or not there is an emergency nature in this case.  Please do not misunderstand, in no way do I want to suggest that the FAA should not have emergency revocation powers. I believe it is critical to safety that the FAA can ground unsafe airmen or other certificate holders. However, I also believe that the FAA must be judicious in its use of the extraordinary power.  The FAA will argue that because emergency certificate actions are only a small percentage of overall certificate actions, there is no reason for this concern. However, review of recent emergency cases clearly demonstrates a pattern by which the FAA uses their emergency powers far more frequently than the circumstances warrant.  For instance, of the emergency revocation orders issued during fiscal year 1990 through 1997, 50 percent occurred 4 months to 2 years after the violation occurred. In only 4 percent of the cases was the emergency revocation issuedwithin 10 days or less of the actual violation. In fact, the median time lapse between the violation and the emergency order was a little over 4 months. That is 132 days, Mr. President. I suggest to you, how can that be considered an emergency if nothing happened until 132 days after the alleged violation?  I think clearly at issue is what constitutes an emergency. Simply defined, an emergency is ``an unexpected situation or sudden occurrence of a serious and urgent nature that demands immediate action.'' Yet, as discussed above, the ``urgent nature'' of the revocation which ``demands immediate action'' has more often than not occurred several months previously.  There are far too many cases where the FAA unfairly uses this necessary power to prematurely revoke certificates when the circumstances do not support such drastic action.  Mr. President, I have other cases that I could drag out here and talk about, such as the case of Bob Hoover. I have had the privilege of flying in airshows with Bob Hoover for over 30 years. Bob Hoover--probably if you were to ask anyone in the aviation community who the best pilot in America is, they would probably say Bob Hoover. Yet he was the victim of the emergency revocation. We had to go to bat for him, and we had literally thousands of letters from all over America coming to the aid of Bob Hoover because everybody knew there is nothing wrong and nothing of an emergency nature to the revocation of his ability to fly.  So, Mr. President, I feel that this being the No. 1 concern and issue of general aviation today--it is a sense of fairness issue, something that has worked very well in the case of civil penalties--it is one that I feel should be changed in the FAA regulations.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  