President, let me briefly explain what my amendment does. It simply requires the President to submit the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to the Senate for its consideration under the Treaty Powers of the Constitution.  Mr. President, the White House has made a full-scale effort for ratification of expansion of NATO. We are considering that now and we have had a lot of debate. Some of us are against it and some of us are for it. We have had a chance to get our positions out and we know where we stand. But according to article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, we are the only body--and it has to be by a two-thirds vote--that can ratify treaties of the United States. The President can't do it, the Secretary of State can't do it, the Vice President can't do it, the Secretary of Defense can't do it, the Director of the EPA can't do it--just the U.S. Senate.  Some might argue that the NATO expansion debate is not an appropriate place to raise the question about the Kyoto Protocol. But the issue here is whether the President is going to have serious regard for the Senate's advise-and-consent authority under the Constitution, which the senior Senator from West Virginia has reminded us many times is our prerogative. The President cannot be expected to send treaties up for advice and consent when he thinks the Senate agrees with him and refuse to send them up unilaterally when he feels that we do not. Truly, that is the case.  We made our case very specific when we voted 95-0, prior to going to Japan, that if they came back with something that did not treat the developing countries the same as the developed nations, we would oppose it, and the President came back with exactly that, putting us under obligations that the developing nations were not under. So that China doesn't have to worry about it, or Pakistan, and other countries, like Mexico. But we do. This is the issue we are dealing with here.  I am going to deviate from that for a moment in this very short time to repeat something that I said earlier in this debate because I understand I am the last speaker now and this is the last amendment. I would like to just say there are four reasons why we should not, in the final analysis, expand NATO.  The first one is the cost. I don't know why nobody seems to be upset that the range goes all the way from $400 million to $120 billion, and those at the low end are the administration--the same administration that said that Bosnia was going to cost us $1.2 billion, and now our direct costs have skyrocketed way way above $9 billion, and there is no end to it. It is a permanent commitment. Yet, we were told that it was going to be $1.2 billion.  So here we have an amount of money--at a time when we have cut our defense down to the bone, at a time when we have to be able to do something to put ourselves in a position to defend America. Yet, we are talking about an open-ended commitment by extending NATO to these countries.  The second reason is it is the open door. I hope nobody thinks we are talking about three countries--Poland, the Czech Republic, and Hungary. We are talking about an open door now that is extended to everyone. I want to read what our Secretary of State said in a statement she made:       We must pledge that the first new members will not be the      last and that no European democracy will be excluded because      of where it sits on the map.  She talks about Romania, Slovenia, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Albania, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Slovakia, and the list goes on and on. So it is the clear intent that this is not the last. If you think this is going to be expensive, just think what it is going to be when we start extending it to other countries. Where would we draw the line?  The third concern I have is a genuine concern that we talked about on the floor, and that is, what does this do to our relationship with Russia? Everybody says, ``That's all right, I have been to Russia and they don't mind.'' I have gotten commitments from people saying that is all right, go ahead, this is not going to be a problem. But that's not what the Duma said, which is their parliamentary body. The Duma passed a resolution calling NATO expansion the ``biggest threat to Russia since the end of World War II.''  There is one person I had a great deal of respect for in this body, and I regretted when he left this body; it was Sam Nunn, who I served with on the Armed Services Committee. There is not a person who would stand up on the floor and question his integrity or his knowledge of foreign affairs or question his concern for defending America. Sam Nunn said that Russian cooperation in avoiding proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is our most important national security objective, and ``This NATO expansion makes them more suspicious and less cooperative.'' He further said, ``The administration's answer to this and other serious questions are what I consider to be platitudes.''  So everyone is on record. Last, I will address the concern that the Senator from New Hampshire had. He has a very good resolution, and I think everybody understands it. If anybody wants to get on record as to where they stand insofar as Bosnia is concerned, his amendment is your opportunity to do so. Because right now we don't haveanything to show who is on record. We do have a resolution of disapproval that was barely defeated by only three votes in November of 1995. I suspect that some people now have changed their minds now that they realize this open-ended commitment is there.  So I would like to wind this up by saying that if this cost to support the Bosnian operation is any indication, I remind you that in November of 1995, we were on the brink of being able to defeat this and not send our troops to Bosnia, except they said that this is going to be a short commitment, it is not going to be something that would last a long period of time.  It was going to be over within less than a year, and it was going to cost $1.2 billion. The only reason that they were able to get those votes to pass this was, they said, ``We must protect our integrity with our partners in NATO.'' Now that same argument can be used--I wonder who is going to be the next Bosnia.  Mr. President, while I have this amendment, I know the votes are not there for this amendment, and there is one very good reason, because of a dear person in this body, that we want to not extend any longer than it should be extended. So nothing would be gained by considering my amendment.  For that reason, I withdraw my amendment and urge my fellow colleagues to vote against the extension of NATO.  