President, I think it is very important that we get something in the Record here in terms of this Kosovo resolution so that it would be abundantly clear later on that it cannot be misconstrued as to being supportive in any way at the present time or in the future of any type of military action in Kosovo or anyplace in that area.  I am very much concerned over what has happened in Bosnia. I am concerned about our state of readiness--or lack of readiness, I should say--and I certainly feel that if there is one factor that is contributing to our state of readiness, or lack of readiness, it is our activities in Bosnia. Of course, we knew back when we passed the resolution to send troops to Bosnia that our resolution of disapproval died by only three votes, and there was a guarantee by the President of the United States that it would be a 12-month operation, which would cost approximately $1.2 billion. Now it is passing through $8 billion and it looks like it is going to be ongoing.  As a result of that, we are not able to support ground troops should they be called upon in such areas as Iraq, because we are consuming 100 percent of our capability to logistically support ground troops in Bosnia. Specifically, the 21st TACOM in Germany is at over 100 percent capacity, just supporting the logistics support of a ground operation going through into Bosnia. The 86th airlift in Ramstein is absorbed totally with taking care of the air operation to support Bosnia. If there is anything our country cannot afford, it is any type of expansion of that support to any other country in that legion or anyplace else that is going to use those assets.  While I am an original cosponsor of this resolution, I want to be sure to condemn Milosevic and the atrocities that are committed and have been committed in Kosovo, and I want to make it abundantly clear that there are many of us who are supporting this resolution who will oppose any future attempt to send any type of military operation into Kosovo.  I yield the floor.  