It depends on who shows up and wants to be heard.  Mr. President, as I have said in response to the comment by the Senator from Iowa, this is not really a Republican amendment. We have, certainly, Senator Daschle, Senator Dorgan, Senator Cleland, Senator Conrad, and many Democrats who are supporting this amendment.  The need for this amendment came up when several comments were made by members of the administration, primarily Acting Secretary Peters of the Air Force, making statements that, ``We don't care whether or not we are authorized to have further BRAC rounds, we are going to go ahead and close bases anyway.''  Later in this discussion, I will actually offer some of the quotes that were made. Right now, I will merely explain what this amendment does. It does essentially five things.  First of all, the current language, in order for a military facility to be closed without Congress' consent, has a threshold of 300 civilian employees. Let me stress, that is civilian employees, not military employees. This bill will reduce that number to 225.  Now, my original bill would have reduced it to 150. I still like that better. However, I was willing to accommodate the concerns of several Democrats and other people who wanted to have 225. The effect of this would mean that if they tried to close a military base, they could not do it without our consent unless that base had more than 225 civilian employees.  No. 2, in the event that realignment became the desire of the services--Department of Defense--that they could not do it if there were as many as 750 civilian positions or 40 percent of the total civilians authorized to be employed.  The current language has a threshold of 1,000 civilian employees at 50 percent of the total civilians authorized to be employed. So this again is dropping that down a modest amount, by approximately 25 percent.  No. 3, we clarify the definition of closure. The reason we feel this is necessary is that there have been statements made like, ``We will just transfer it to a caretaker status, or a state of inaction or abandonment.'' What we are doing is expanding the definition in the law of closure to include these statements, so that someone cannot do this and circumvent the closure requirements by saying we are not closing, we are just abandoning or putting it into a state of inaction.  On this, I pause at this point and say, if you stop and think about every community in America that might have some type of a facility, they would not know, they would not be prepared in advance as to whether or not somebody is going to try to make it inactive or put it into caretaker status. We want to be straightforward and say if you are going to close it, you are going to close it--using those terms.  No. 4, we will add a provision that requires a waiting period of 4 years after a realignment before a base could be closed, if that realignment drops the civilian workforce below the new threshold of 225 civilians. Our concern here is that this can be circumvented and we could be left out of the loop as the U.S. Senate if they were able to take it one step at a time and say, fine, we are going to go ahead and realign, and next week we will come and realign some more and have the effect of closing a base entirely, regardless of the number of employees, if they are willing to do that. This would preclude that.  Lastly, it is the sense of the Senate that there is no need to reauthorize for the year 2001 in this 1998 authorization bill. There is no reason in the world that we can't have more time to consider this and to see how current law works and maybe address this again in the 1999 authorization bill. It would not make any difference at all; it would still be the year 2001.  These are essentially the changes in the current law that this amendment would offer.  With that, I yield the floor.  