President.  As chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, I want to make a couple of comments concerning the defense authorization bill of 1999 and how it affects readiness.  Over the past several years, a number of military officers have expressed deep concerns regarding the trends in the operational readiness of the Armed Forces. Last year, these trends led one military officer to state, ``The storm clouds are on the horizon.''  This was a year in which most of the Armed Forces were ready to meet their wartime mission, but in order to do soin a resource-constrained environment, they were forced to resort to cost-saving practices which could impact negatively on our wartime readiness.  For example, the Marine Corps began using retreaded tires. This had not been done before. We have no way of knowing how these will perform in the case of some type of a Persian Gulf or Middle East desert-type of operation.  While the overall readiness of forward deployed units remains adequate, this is increasingly accomplished at the expense of nondeployed units. According to Vice Admiral Browne, Commander of the Navy's Third Fleet: ``More today than in the past, forward deployed readiness is being maintained with the slimmest of margins and at the expense of CONUS based training and increased individual PERS- TEMPO.''  He went on to say: ``To get the U.S.S. Denver underway early as part of the Tarawa ARG amphibious readiness group, two other ships were cannibalized for parts.''  Furthermore, Colonel Bozarth of the Air Force's 388th Operations Group stated: ``The people that pay the price, though, are the folks that are back home. Because if you take a wing like ours, 5 years ago, in 1993, we were looking at full mission capable rates in the nineties. In the 1995-1997 timeframe, we are looking at mission capable rates in the eighties. Now we are down into the lower seventies.''  Unfortunately, there are reports that even the readiness of the forward deployed units is beginning to suffer. According to naval officers in the Pacific, 20 percent of the deployed planes on the carriers are grounded awaiting spare parts and other maintenance, all the time cannibalization of the aircraft is taking place. It has gone up 15 percent over the past year. In fact, Admiral Browne recently acknowledged that, ``Full mission capable rates from fiscal year 1996 to 1997 for our deployed aircraft have declined from 62 to 55 percent.''  I am very much concerned about this. Mr. President, I think this is due to two problems that we have. One is the deprived budget, insofar as our modernization program, which is leading us to have to use older equipment, and the other is the high deployment rate.  It is interesting that since 1992, we have had twice the number of deployments that we had in the entire 10 years before that. This is not for missions that are affecting our Nation's security.  I have had occasion to go to many, many, many installations throughout America and around the world. I can tell you right now, we have very serious problems. In Camp Lejeune, in talking to these guys down there--they are tough marines, but their OPTEMPO and PERSTEMPO rate, to the extent the divorce rate is up, the retention rates are down. It is a very serious problem.  I think most people realize it costs $6 million to put a guy into the cockpit of an F-16, and yet our retention rate right now has gone down 28 percent. In the Mojave Desert, the National Training Center in Twentynine Palms tells us the troops they get in for advance training are far below the level of proficiency that they were 10 years ago. Nellis Air Force Base where they have a red-flag operation, which is a very good operation for training combat pilots, they now have dropped these operations from every 12 months to 18 months. This means they go down from six to four operations each year.  What this means is, these pilots who would otherwise be going through the red-flag exercises getting this simulated training that is actually for combat are off providing missions, supporting areas like Bosnia.  I draw attention to the 21st TACON, because in this area, we have both of these problems occurring. The 21st TACON is using old equipment. Some of the 915 trucks that they use have over a million miles on them. I personally saw that they are using for loading docks old flatbeds that are wired together.  As far as the deployment is concerned, we know there are serious problems around the world. We know that Iraq is about to boil. We know we may have to send in ground troops, and yet they would have to be logistically supported by the 21st TACON. Right now they are at 100 percent capacity just supporting the Bosnia operation.  What we are dealing with in the defense authorization bill for 1999 is a budget that is not adequate and it does not put us in the state of readiness we should be in, but it is the very best we can do under the constraints that we are operating.  While it is inadequate, I do ask that our colleagues support the defense authorization bill for 1999.  