 How did we come to this day? Make no mistake, if the American economy were struggling, if we faced high unemployment, slow economic growth, few housing starts, businesses failing, trade accounts in the red, we would not be standing here with any kind of an agreement to balance the budget. But that is not the case.  What propels us into this debate is the good condition of the American economy. Yesterday, the Dow Jones index broke a record, I believe. I cannot keep up with it. Up and down, up and down, but it has generally been up. We have seen the lowest unemployment figures in two decades. We have seen jobs created. People are building homes and starting businesses. America is moving forward. We feel good about it.  How did we get here? Is this just a matter of good luck? I think it is more than that. I think it goes back to an action taken by Congress in 1993, and not a popular one, I might add, when the President stood up and said, ``I think we can move toward a balanced budget and keep the economy moving forward, and I want the support of Congress to do it.'' I was a Member of the House at that time. I joined the President, and I might tell you it was a partisan decision--not one single Republican vote in support of the President's plan, and yet we passed it. In the Senate it only passed when Vice President Gore cast the tiebreaking vote to enact the President's budget. We are lucky that he did because with that plan in 1993, we set the stage for thisdebate to bring the budget into balance. We set the stage for economic expansion, which is creating more revenues, so that we can sit down and talk about tax cuts and more money being spent on education and environmental protection. Absent the President's leadership, absent the Democrats in Congress standing behind him, this day might never have come. And yet it has. And we can be proud of it.  So let us talk about this agreement for a moment. Is this an agreement I would have written? No. I would have changed a lot of provisions here. It is a compromise. It is a bipartisan compromise. There are things which many Republicans are proud of which I would not have included. There are things which were not included but I think should have been. But make no mistake, this is a good agreement. It is good for this country. It is a good bipartisan compromise. It is one which not only reaches a balanced budget but says we are going to do it in a responsible way.  First, under the Republican Contract With America, which Speaker Gingrich and many Republican Senators supported, we were to cut out of Medicare $270 billion over 7 years--a massive cutback in Medicare. They said it was necessary; you had to do it. And if you did not do it, Medicare was in peril. The American people knew better.  That $270 billion went way beyond what was necessary to strengthen Medicare. It created funds for a tax cut for wealthy people. And that was not fair. The President stood up and said, ``I won't agree to it.'' When he threatened that veto, that particular proposal did not go forward. Where are we today?  The bipartisan compromise talks about a $115 billion cut over 5 years in Medicare and a guarantee to the American people that, for 10 years, Medicare will be solvent and strong. We have kept our word to the seniors in this country and those about to be seniors. They can rest assured that Medicare will be there. That is good. That is part of this agreement.  Medicaid. Medicaid is not just health insurance for poor people; it is health insurance for destitute elderly in nursing homes. That is where half the money in Medicaid goes. The elderly person in a nursing home who has spent down and has not a single thing left on Earth turns to Medicaid to keep them alive.  The Republican proposal originally to cut Medicaid was $160 billion over 7 years. We said it was too much. The President said it was too much. In this agreement it is down to $15 billion. We have brought it down to a manageable amount, one that will not endanger the health and security of the disadvantaged and elderly.  Education. My colleague from Texas, Senator Gramm, got up a few minutes ago and talked about all this massive Federal spending. Well, let me tell you, America, families that get up every morning and wonder whether they can pay for their kids' college education expenses, this budget agreement will be a helping hand. We are going to allow you for the first time to deduct college education expenses on your income tax. Oh, it is still going to be expensive, but you are going to get a helping hand for the first time.  And, students, listen up. Get good grades, go to school, and there is a scholarship in here for you that will pay for most community colleges and some colleges and universities. Too good to be true? No. It is a commitment by the President that is embodied in this budget agreement that is good for this country.  Visit a couple with a new baby a couple days after the baby is born, and they are home and you go to visit them. You say, ``What a beautiful little baby. Looks just like his dad,'' or ``looks just like his mom. Is she sleeping at night? How is she taking her bottle?'' And then, after a few minutes, ``Have you thought about how you're going to pay for her college education?''  It is something we all think about. Next to our home mortgage, for most families in this country, this is what you worry about. ``How am I ever going to put this money together?'' This bill will help. It will not pay the whole thing, but it is going to help. It is responsive to the real needs that American families feel.  Middle-class tax relief. Not only when it comes to education to help working families pay for college and training expenses, but a child tax credit of $500 per child. What does it mean? Well, my daughter and her husband have a little baby boy, our grandson. We are so proud of him. He is going to be a year old in a few weeks.  My wife and I did not think much about this when we raised our kids, but my daughter and my son-in-law talk about day care. ``Dad, what are we going to do about day care? It's expensive. We don't want to put Alex anywhere that isn't safe, quality day care. How are we going to pay for it?'' They are lucky. They have two jobs, two incomes in their family. Some other families struggle with the same decision with fewer resources.  This child tax credit in here means a helping hand, $500 per child per year. It will not cover the cost of day care, but it will help. And shouldn't we help? Shouldn't we help working families? That is what this is all about.  We are finally responding to the real issues that real people talk about. I do not believe real American families sit around the family room and say, ``What about campaign finance reform? What's going on with the latest investigation in Washington?'' They do sit around and talk about paying for college, paying for day care. This budget agreement will address it.  The battle is not finished. There is another one before us. I hope we enact this budget agreement. Then we will address a tax bill. I think you are going to see some real differences in philosophy between Democrats and Republicans about whether the tax savings in that bill go to working families or wealthy people. I think they should go to working families.  I think we ought to, for example, give 100 percent deductibility of health insurance premiums for all self-employed people. All family farmers, all small businesses, those who are self-employed, should have the same benefits of hospitalization insurance deduction as the corporations do.  So, for American families, this agreement is a step forward. The President's leadership, a bipartisan compromise, has us on the road to a balanced budget in a responsible way.  I yield back my time.  