President, I rise today to introduce with Senators Kennedy and Kohl the ``Durbin-Kennedy Empire State Building Counter-Terrorism Act of 1997.''  This legislation is spurred by the recent tragedy at the Empire State Building where a man in this country on a tourist visa shot and killed Chris Burmeister, a young Danish tourist, wounded six and then turned the gun on himself.  But this bill is about much more than that one tragedy. It is an effort to address a real problem and to pass a sensible measure to deal with it. The shooting at the Empire State Building has sadly served to reveal a glaring gap in our laws--a gap that any would-be terrorist could walk through.  The fact is that any foreign national who is coming into the United States on a tourist visa will probably pass through several airport security checks to determine whether or not he is carrying a firearm. But as we have learned in the tragedy at the Empire State Building, that foreign tourist can slip through our Nation's laws and can probably buy a gun once here in the United States more easily than you or I could.  The motivation for the killing in New York is not clearly terrorist in nature. But I do not want to wait until a terrorist exploits these loopholes in order to act. Let us close the gap now.  Let me briefly explain the problem. Currently, more than 20 million people a year come into the United States on nonimmigrant visas. Nearly 1 million of them came in via Chicago last year. And by the way, that number does not include people from Mexico and Canada. There are more than 50 types of nonimmigrant visas, including tourist visas, work visas, student visas, and diplomatic visas. These visas are issued to people who do not intend to reside permanently in the United States and they are issued without any kind of criminal background check of the applicant.  Under the Brady law, anyone who wants to buy a gun in this country has to undergo a criminal background check. In the last 28 months, this requirement has stopped more than 186,000 illegal gun purchases. Seventy percent of those denied were felons.  But what the Empire State Building shooting reveals is a gap in this law. Someone who just came to the United States on a tourist visa clearly does not have a criminal record in this country. Yet he or she may have such a record in their country of origin. The Brady bill cannot catch them since we do not search criminal records in foreign countries. So the tourist with a criminal record can easily get a gun.  It is frightening to anticipate the damage that a foreign terrorist could wreak by exploiting this gap. But closing this loophole is easy. And we should do it now. Not later.  The measure I propose is straightforward. It bars people who have come to this country on nonimmigrant visas from being able to purchase or possess a gun.  Let me emphasize that the vast majority of the people who come to this country on nonimmigrant visas do not have any kind of criminal background and do not intend to buy guns or harm anyone. And that is why the legislation has two important and sensible exceptions.  First, foreign nationals who enter this country on nonimmigrant visas and who are here for legitimate sporting purposes, law enforcement purposes or diplomatic purposes will be exempt. It only makes sense that someone who is here to take part in a shooting competition should be able to bring in their gun.  The second exception allows people here on nonimmigrant visas to buy a firearm if they have been in this country for 6 months and if they can prove that they do not have a criminal record in their country of origin.  Mr. President, this is a rational piece of legislation. We are all concerned with the growing terrorist threat in our country. No one who has followed the news in the last decade can be unaware of the fact that our Nation is a terrorist target. Well, we should not be putting guns in the hands of terrorists. This bill will stop that from happening.  I hope all of us can work quickly to pass this measure.  