 The reason why this amendment should not be considered, why the tobacco companies will jump for joy if it is adopted, is that it will discourage any State from bringing its lawsuit against the tobacco companies.  The Senator from Alabama, for reasons I do not understand, has decided that no State of the 40 that filed suits, no matter how deeply they are involved in this litigation, can pay outside attorney's fees beyond $5 million, which sounds like a huge sum of money until you consider States like Minnesota.  Minnesota has been preparing for trial on January 19, has now collected millions of documents from these tobacco companies, has warehouses in London and in Minneapolis. They have attorneys scouring through the documents and processing them. They are preparing to go to trial.  In my home State of Illinois, I do not think we have made nearly that progress in moving toward litigation. But the Senator from Alabama does not care that the attorneys in Minnesota have been working overtime for months and the attorneys in Illinois may not have been.  He says, we are going to pick an arbitrary figure--no State can pay their attorneys no matter how much work they have put into this, any more than $5 million, period.  Now, that is fundamentally unfair. It really does not reflect the effort that has been put in by these attorneys in these States.  Let me tell you what else he is doing, and I think this is a pretty crafty move by the tobacco companies. By putting this provision in the law to limit attorney's fees, he will have the attorneys come forward in these States and say to the attorney general, ``Well, listen, if we cannot, after all of this discovery and all of this preparation even recover the amounts that we have expended in attorney's fees, we certainly cannot take this to trial,'' so the tobacco companies will have their way. The tobacco companies do not want these cases to go to trial. They want to discourage that from happening.  In fact, representatives of those companies have told me point blank if any case goes to trial there will be no global settlement. The Senator from Alabama is offering them a great improvement here in saying that they do not have to worry about a trial now because attorney's fees are going to be strictly limited.  Well, they will be jumping for joy at RJR and Philip Morris if this Senator's amendment is adopted this evening, because by limiting the attorney's fees and saying that there will be a strict limitation of the amount that can be paid to the plaintiffs' attorneys he is, in fact, discouraging, if not stopping litigation and trials.  You will have accomplished with your amendment what the tobacco companies have been unable to accomplish to this point. You will have stopped these cases and they cannot move forward.  I do not think that is what the Senator set out to do when he explained this amendment. But I think that is the net result of it.  It is interesting to me as you look into it, what will happen to the States that have settled, Mississippi and Florida, what will happen to their attorney's fees? If I read this correctly, this may or may not apply to it. It is not clear. This amendment is not drawn in a way that can tell you it definitely applies in the case of Mississippi and Florida. The Senator offers it for prospective payment of attorney's fees. Yet, we already have two cases settled and they are not addressed.  And then this whole question of the amount to be paid attorneys, a $250 rate. I don't know what a reasonable rate is in the Senator's home State. I don't know what attorneys might charge in any State, whether it is New York, Minnesota, Illinois or Alabama. But I think the Senator has chosen a rate that is unrealistic--unrealistic in terms of what these attorneys general face.  Keep in mind that most of the attorneys general in the United States looked to these lawsuits and said right off the bat, ``We don't have the resources to sue these tobacco giants. We have to bring in the resources and services of attorneys who will, in fact, represent us.'' Of course, those attorneys coming in to file those lawsuits expected to be compensated if they won --only if they won. Contingency fees are based on that. I know from my experience with the Senator in the Judiciary Committee, he doesn't think very kindly of contingency fees, particularly in his own State. But I think, quite honestly, this is a clear illustration that if a contingency fee was not awarded to an attorney, the attorney general would not have had this army of lawyers to go forward.  When I heard comments from some of the Senators from tobacco-producing States, it is clear that they resent these lawyers, these attorneys general, for bringing these lawsuits and they want to get even with them, they want to nail them and say, ``We are going to limit your fees. You thought there was money in this, but there won't be any money in this. We will limit you as to how much you can recover.''  I don't think that is fair. It is curious to me at this time, when we are talking about whether or not the Federal Government is going to impose its will on the States, that we have an amendment from a Senator from Alabama, which suggests that we in Congress should impose on 40 different States, 40 different attorneys general, a fee arrangement that we happen to think is reasonable.  Well, let me tell you what this is all about. The tobacco companies were embarrassed when the amendment was disclosed that gave them a $50 billion windfall in the tax bill, an amendment which we hope to repeal. They had hoped to initiate the negotiations in the tobacco settlement by saying: Before we sit down at the table and reach an agreement, give the tobacco companies $50 billion.  I think the public sentiment and the votes of this Senate will see it another way. Now the tobacco companies come in with this amendment. They want to see this amendment adopted because now they come to the table and say to each of these States: There is a new arrangement. You can't pay your attorneys. You can't go to trial. We haveyou where we want you. We don't care what your contingency fee agreement is going to be. You are limited to what we in Congress think attorney's fees should be and how much they should be paid.  Well, I think this amendment should be defeated. I think this amendment is one the tobacco companies will enjoy, one that the American people will regret. The States, including my own, that had the courage to step forward and file these lawsuits against the tobacco companies should not be penalized at this point in time. They have done a great service to this Nation. Each attorney general--Democrat, Republican or Independent--who decided to enter into an agreement with attorneys to represent them did it with the understanding that they will be held accountable for this. The Senator says that these are secret agreements. Well, in my home State, I can tell you that whether there was a secret agreement or not, the gentleman who entered into it, our attorney general, will be held accountable for it. Can he justify it? Did he say to the taxpayers from Illinois we have recovered enough money to justify the contingency money paid the attorneys? Of course, and he is held accountable.  The Senator suggests this is done in secret with no accountability. I think he is wrong. I hope when this is all said and done, we will defeat this amendment, and that we will not give the tobacco industry a victory this evening or tomorrow when we vote, such as they secured at the close of debate on the tax bill. These tobacco companies have to be told, whether they are trying to stop the States from bringing these actions through this amendment by the Senator from Alabama, or recouping $50 billion in the stealth of the night, that the party is over. The tobacco companies just can't have their way anymore. I think we have to stand up for the people who are best represented by these lawsuits--the consumers, the children, those who unfortunately are going to be the losers if this amendment is adopted.  At this point, I would like to move to table this amendment.  