President, what is this all about? Well, you say the word ``Medicare'' and senior citizens start listening. ``Medicare, wait a minute, that is my mother's health insurance protection, it is my grandfather's health insurance. What are they doing to Medicare?''  Let me tell you for a moment, if you are 65 years old or older, listen with interest; if you are 59 years old or younger, listen to this debate with great interest. It is about you and when you will be able to retire. It is whether or not you will have the protection of health insurance in your old age.  This is the committee print for the bill we are considering, a very interesting document. There is a provision in here that we are now debating which you might overlook, but it is so important that virtually everyone under the age of 59 years in the United States of America, because of a handful of sentences here, may have to change their plans as to when they are going to retire. That is how important this debate is, that is how important this issue is, because buried in this committee print on page 161 at the bottom of the page is a Texas two-step for America's working families. A Texas two-step--step, step, slide, slide, and guess what? It raises the eligibility age for Medicare from 65 to 67.  What does that mean? It means if you were counting on retiring at age 65, taking your Social Security, taking your Medicare, guess what? You now have to wait a couple of years, or at least retire without the protection of Medicare.  Is that important to people? I think it is very important. Do you know how many people now at the age of 65 have health insurance in America? Thirty percent; 70 percent do not. They are people who count on Medicare to protect them. And the Senator from Texas offers an amendment which says, ``Oh, you can count on Medicare to protect you, just wait 2 years, wait 2 years, and then we will start protecting you.''  What if you should retire at age 60, what if your employer says to you, ``Oh, take your retirement, we'll give you health insurance protection,'' and changes his mind? Have you ever heard that story? I have heard it plenty. People who retired say, ``I'm taken care of, the company I work for gave me a watch, they gave me a health insurance plan, this is going to be great, I'm going fishing.'' Then what happens? The company is sold two or three times, a couple mergers, a couple cutbacks, and the next thing you know, they are saying, ``Sorry we have to send you a letter and tell you the bad news. No more health insurance, Mr. Retiree. Thanks for working for us for 35 years.'' And there you sit at age 61 without health insurance.  What does it cost you? I know what it costs in Chicago because we checked. About $6,000 a year if you are healthy. If you are not healthy and in your sixties, 10,000 bucks a year. Did you count on that when you decided to retire? I don't think so. And if you get stuck in that position, you know what you start doing? You start counting the days to when you will be eligible for Medicare. How many more months before I reach age 65 and Medicare is going to come in and protect me and my family and my savings? You count the days.  The Senator from Texas, who offers this amendment, wants you to keep counting for 24 months more, wants you to hang on until you are 67. Then he says we should make you eligible for Medicare.  I think that there is some question as to the statement in the committee print about its voracity. I know we are not supposed to say that, but let mejust tell you why I say that. The committee says we are changing Medicare so that it tracks Social Security and, in their words, they say, ``The committee provision will establish a consistent national policy on eligibility for both Social Security, old age pension benefits and Medicare.''  Let us concede the obvious. The age to retire under Social Security in the next century is going to go up from 65 to 67. This is true. It is the basis for this amendment. But it is not the whole story, I say to my friends. The whole story is this. You can draw Social Security at age 62. You won't get as much, but that is your option. ``I will take a lower retirement, I'm leaving at 62, that's it.'' But you can't do that on Medicare. You can't draw Medicare benefits at age 62. Right now you wait until you are age 65, unless you are disabled, and the Senator from Texas wants you to keep on waiting for 2 more years to the age of 67. I don't think that is an accurate statement when they say they are going to track Social Security. They don't track Social Security.  The Senator argues this gives people time to adjust. He talks about compassion and courage. How much courage does it take to say to a senior citizen who now has developed a serious heart problem, ``Keep drawing out of your savings accounts to pay for your health insurance.''  You know what will be compassionate and courageous, not raising the age to 67. What would be compassionate and courageous is universal health care. To say no matter how old you are, rich or poor, where you live, black or white, regardless of your ethnic background, you are insured in America. You are not going to be stuck in the situation we are creating with this bill, you are not going to be stuck in the position with a terrible medical problem at age 62 and no health insurance, waiting and praying for the day when you are eligible for Medicare. That would be compassion and courage. That would be responsive to the 40 million Americans stuck today without health insurance.  Let me tell my friends, my opposition to this provision to raise the eligibility age for Medicare comes, of course, from the Democratic side, but I have some interesting allies in this battle. Eighty different corporations have written to the Members of the Senate and said, ``Please, do not do this, do not accept Senator Gramm's proposal to raise the eligibility age for Medicare to 67.'' Among them, the National Association of Manufacturers and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.  What is a Democrat doing arguing the position of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce here? I will tell you why. These companies and their associations now offer to their employees health insurance protection until they are eligible for Medicare. That is written in the contract. If you make eligibility for Medicare age 67 instead of 65, these companies have a new liability that has been dumped in their laps by the Texas two-step, and it is a disincentive for any other company to offer this benefit to their employees. They know it costs more, and they don't know what the Senate is likely to do next year when it comes to Medicare eligibility. That is what this battle is all about.  When I look at the number of people currently covered by health insurance at age 60 and 65 in America, it is clear. Fewer companies are offering protection. More people are on their own. The expense of health insurance when you reach age 60 goes through the roof, even without any kind of medical problem. That is what this debate is all about.  You want to save Medicare? There are lots of things we need to do on a bipartisan basis. There is a Commission created by this bill to study those ways, to make sure that we do it in a sensible, fair, compassionate way. But instead, my colleague from Texas and his friends on the committee have decided, let's just take a flier, let's throw one of them out there. And the first one they throw out there does not impose any new liability on health care providers, it imposes a new burden on seniors in years to come.  Those who retire after the year 2003 have to start waiting longer and longer and longer. I say to my friends, I don't think that is what Medicare is all about. Many of the people who proposed this, frankly, don't care much for Medicare. That came out in the last campaign. Some of the candidates stood up and said, ``Yeah, I voted against it, and I'd do it again.'' I am not one of them. I didn't have the opportunity, the rare opportunity, to vote for this program. But I will tell you this, I am going to vote to protect it. I am going to vote to protect it because of what it has meant to my family. Medicare has meant to my family that you can retire not only with the dignity with Social Security, but with the protection of Medicare.  Parents don't want to be burdens on their children. They want to live independently, enjoy their lives because they played by the rules and they have paid in. To change the rules at this point, to say we are going to raise the retirement age for Medicare really reneges on a promise that was made over 30 years ago. It is the wrong way to go. We can make Medicare solvent in the long term, and we can do it in a sensible way.  At this point, I yield, for purposes of debate, to my colleague from California, Senator Boxer.  