President, over the last several days of debate in this Chamber we have heard those who favored the appointment of a special counsel say that time is of the essence, and that we should move forward and ask the Attorney General to make this appointment as quickly as possible. In fact, they were so determined to pass this resolution as a bon voyage gift to the President as he heads off to the Helsinki summit that we had to vote today. Today, before the President left, we had to make certain that this gesture was made. Many of us felt this was unnecessary and ill-timed and, frankly, unprecedented, that this type of embarrassment would be directed at the President as he left our shores to head off for a critical summit with the only other superpower with nuclear weapons in the world. And yet those who prevailed on the majority side were convinced that time was of the essence: let us move forward and do it now.  Catching that spirit, I come before the Senate today with the suggestion that we not stop with this resolution but go even further and plumb the depths of the real problem that we are examining here. It goes beyond the 1996 Presidential campaign. It goes beyond the Democratic Party. What we are focusing on is our very campaign finance system itself as used by Presidential candidates, congressional candidates, Democrats and, yes, Republicans.  And so today I am hoping that that same sense of urgency, that same commitment to truth, and that same perseverance that we find changes to win back the confidence of the American people will be demonstrated when I call a resolution before this body in a few moments.  You see, Mr. President, those who follow Federal election campaigns know that there have been some dramatic changes over the last few decades. Federal election campaign costs have increased from an estimated $2.65 billion in the 1996 cycle--that is a threefold increase over campaign spending just 20 years ago even adjusting for inflation--$2.6 billion on our campaigns. In the 1995-96 election cycle, the Democratic Party committees raised $332 million, a 73-percent increase over the $192 million raised just 4 years before. The Republicans outdid us, as usual, raising $549 million, a 74-percent increase over the $316 million that they raised 4 years earlier.  Take a look at congressional races. In 1976, all congressional races in the United States cost $99 million. By 1996, 20 years later, that $99 million had mushroomed to $626 million--more than a sixfold increase.  Soft money. Well, for those who do not follow this closely, it may be a curiosity to use these terms ``hard money'' and ``soft money,'' but politicians know what it is all about. Soft money is kind of the mystery money in politics. And has it grown. Take a look at the fact that since 1992, the amount of soft money in campaigns has tripled, from $86 million to $263 million.  Stepping aside from the whole debate about the nature of campaigns and whether they are too negative, too personal and too nasty, most everyone will concede that we are plowing more and more money into our political campaigns in America.  There is a curious thing that has to be noted, though. As political campaigns have become longer, more expensive, and more negative, voters have apparently decided not to participate in elections. Consider this. Between 1948 and 1968, 60 percent of the electorate showed up to vote in a Presidential election. Then from 1972 to 1992, we saw a 53 percent turnout, a decline after Watergate. Listen to what happened in 1996, the most expensive Federal election in our history for congressional candidates, senatorial candidates and Presidential candidates, heaping dollar upon dollar in this election process. The voters out there listened carefully and a majority of them decided to stay home. So, for the first time since 1948, we had fewer than 50 percent of the electorate turning out to vote in a Presidential election; 49 percent of the electorate turned out. Is it not interesting that the more money we plow into our election campaigns, the fewer voters turn out?  Consider if you had a company and you were designing a marketing program and you went to the owners of the company and said, ``We have just got the statistics and information back. After we spent millions of dollars on advertising, people are buying fewer products.'' It might raise some serious questions. Maybe your advertising campaign is not what it should be--and I think the voters tell us that when they see negative ads. But perhaps the fact that you are spending more on advertising is not helping the low regard people have for your product. In this case, the voters told us, in 1996, in the November election, that they had a pretty low regard for the product, the candidates, all of us.  I think there is a message here, an important message about the future of this democracy. We can talk about special investigations: Did someone violate the law in 1996, Democrat or Republican, and should we hold them accountable if they did? But if we do not get down to the root cause of the problem here, if we do not address what I consider to be the serious issue of campaign finance reform, I can guarantee the cynicism and skepticism among voters will just increase. So, we have heard a lot of talk today about the sense of urgency and the need to deal quickly with this whole question of campaign finance reform. Some of my colleagues have said, ``Oh, don't move too quickly now; let us make sure we make the right changes.''  Let me show a little illustration. How much time have we spent on the issue of campaign finance reform in the last 10 years? Mr. President, 6,742 pages of hearings; 3,361 floor speeches--add one for this one today; 2,748 pages of reports from the Congressional Research Service, 1,063 pages of committee reports; 113 votes in the Senate; 522 witnesses; 49 days of testimony; 29 sets of hearings by 8 different congressional committees; 17 filibusters; 8 cloture votes on one bill; 1 Senator arrested and dragged to the floor--with bodily injury, I might add--and 15 reports issued by 6 different congressional committees. And what do we have to show for it? Nada, zero, zilch, nothing. What we have to show for it is the call for an independent counsel to determine whether someone has violated the laws under the current system. I think there is a lot more to this.  I hope my colleagues join me in believing that if this process of investigation does not lead to reform, the American people will be disappointed. It is one thing to be hyperinflated with moral rectitude about the violations of campaign law. But that is not enough. Just cataloging the sins of the current system, that is not enough. The real test is whether we are prepared to change the system, reform the law, and return public confidence to our democratic process.  There are a lot of options out there. One of those that is frequently spoken of is the McCain-Feingold legislation, I believe the only bipartisan campaign reform bill before us. Two Republican Senators and, I believe, 22 Democratic Senators have come together in an effort to have campaign finance reform. I have cosponsored it. It may not be the best, or the only, but it is a good one. We should consider it as a starting point in the debate.  Yesterday, my colleague from Minnesota, Senator Wellstone, SenatorKerry of Massachusetts, and others announced agreement to introduce a plan modeled after the Maine election law reform. It is a very interesting proposal which would really deflate the money in politics. Senator Wellstone is here to join me in this debate and describe that bill and his own thoughts on that subject.  There are lots of ideas, good ideas. We have to really dedicate ourselves with the same sense of urgency and with the same passion to reforming the system that we are dedicated to investigating wrongdoing under the current political finance system.  At this point, I yield to my colleague from Minnesota.  