President, this may surprise my colleague from Kentucky. I may support his amendment.  When I was chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, I was considered by many to be pretty tough on the Crop Insurance Program, even though, as the Senator from Kentucky has noted, I come from a corn-growing State, a State with soybeans, a State which avails itself very much to a great extent in the Crop Insurance Program. I don't disagree with anything that my colleague from Kentucky said about the Crop Insurance Program. There are indefensible subsidies in this program.  I think, if he is going to address an overall reform of crop insurance, he may be surprised to find me as an ally. I had an amendment which I offered 1 year in the appropriations subcommittee. If I recall it correctly, it said that if you have sustained losses in 7 out of the last 10 years on your crop, you would be ineligible for crop insurance. I have this basic theory that if you couldn't grow a crop for 7 out of 10 years, God was telling you something about your land, that crop, or your talent, and that Uncle Sam and the Federal Government shouldn't be talking back to God in this instance and saying we will continue to insure the crop.  There were a lot of people critical of my amendment because they had worked out a very sweet deal where they would plant crops that could never grow. It wasn't a sufficiently long growing season. But the crop was eligible. They would make their application. Lo and behold, the crop would fail again, and the Federal taxpayers would be asked to make up the difference.  So, if the Senator from Kentucky is suggesting some basic reform of the Crop Insurance Program, I think I might be his ally. And if he is talking about limiting crop insurance to smaller farms, I think he might be surprised to find that we can work on that as well. But I think, in all honesty, that this amendment might never have been offered if I had not started an amendment on tobacco crop insurance.  That is what this is about. It is not about reform of the crop insurance. It is about tobacco. And the two Senators from Kentucky, whom I respect very much, in defense of their State and its crop, have stood up and said, ``Why are you picking on us? Why do you single out tobacco?'' As one Senator from Kentucky said, tobacco is perfectly legal. That is true. But tobacco is also perfectly lethal. Tobacco is a killer. You have to eat an awful lot of corn and soybeans to die. But you start smoking, get addicted, the chances are 1 out of 3 that it is going to kill you.  So, to the farmers who are growing it, who, for all intents and purposes and all appearances, look like any other farmer, what they are harvesting and what they are selling is devastating. For us to turn our backs on it and to say it is just another crop is to ignore the obvious.  Tobacco is the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America today--No. 1. Sure, we are concerned about AIDS. Certainly we are concerned about highway fatalities. Of course, we are concerned about violent crime. But if you want to save American lives, the first stop is tobacco. Take a look at what it does to us.  For my colleagues to stand up and say, ``It is just another farmer, it is just another agricultural product, why do you single us out,'' it is because it is the only crop, when used according to the manufacturer's directions, will kill you. You can't smoke in moderation. You start this addiction, and you will end up generally as a statistic.  So, when I bring this amendment to the floor to talk about crop insurance for tobacco, I can understand my colleagues from tobacco-producing States. I can understand it completely. I have represented a congressional district and a State which has its own interests, and I have try to defend those interests. I think that is part of my responsibility.  But I say to my colleagues who are viewing this debate and making up their own mind: Make no mistake, tobacco is not just another product. Crop insurance for tobacco is a blatant contradiction that we would piously pronounce through the Surgeon General's office and the Department of Health and Human Services that this crop is a killer, that these tobacco products are claiming lives--even innocent victims like these flight attendants who are now suing down in Florida who happened to be exposed to secondhand smoke. Their lives were in jeopardy, too. We know this. We concede this. We advertise this. We spend millions of dollars to police this industry because we know what they are doing. They are addicting our children, and they are killing our fellow citizens.  That is why it is totally inconsistent for us to be in a position where year after year we are plowing millions of taxpayer dollars collected from people across the United States into the subsidy--underline the word ``subsidy''--of tobacco growers.  I just marvel when my colleagues get up. We can argue a lot of this on the merits. But it takes my breath away to hear these colleagues stand up and say that there is no tobacco subsidy.  Let me go back to this Federal tobacco subsidy chart.  There is this tobacco subsidy: $65 million in 1993; $60 million in 1994; $51 million in 1995. In 1996, when I first took on this issue, they estimated our losses would be about the same--$50 million. They went to $97 million, and then in 1997 the estimate was $67 million.  