President, I thank the Senator for yielding.  Not being a high priest on the Budget Committee, I am not bound by sacred oath to the agreement, but I stand in opposition to this amendment. I believe that the Senator from Colorado has raised an important issue.  We can see the fact that the economy has moved forward very nicely over the last 4\1/2\ to 5 years. Those on the Democratic side take particular pleasure in saying that, but regardless of the reason, we are happy the economy has moved forward. As the Senator from New Mexico has mentioned, it has generated more jobs, more revenue and, in fact, more economic growth than even some of the experts suggested.  If I follow the suggestion of the Senator from Colorado, he is saying that if at some future date the economy has a downturn, revenues to the Federal Government decrease, he would want us to cut spending programs to match those cuts in revenue. I stand in opposition to that for one very obvious reason.  Since the late 1940s, we have noticed a very positive occurrence in the economy of America. As we have gone into recessions, we have not seen those deep spikes that we had in years gone by. The recessions have been milder, there has been less unemployment, less dislocation by businesses and families. It is no accident. It is known as automatic stabilizers, things in our Government and in our economy that step in in times of recession to try to bring us back into a time of economic expansion.  For instance, if we have a recession and a business lays off workers, there are Government programs available to help that working family get back on its feet. We have training programs, we have education programs, we have safety net programs, whether it is foodstamps or unemployment compensation, to make sure that family doesn't fall even deeper, but rather to keep them in a position and poised ready for retraining and reemployment, and it has worked.  With these automatic stabilizers and this Government spending, we have managed to moderate recessions. The Senator from Colorado has suggested we remove the stabilizers. If you have a recession, if you have a downturn, if your Government revenues have been reduced, then cut spending. Well, what about the family that needs a helping hand? ``I am sorry, there is not enough Federal money to go around.''  We are more determined to balance the budget than recover from a recession under the Senator's amendment, and I think that is a mistake. We do not want to see a downturn in the economy become a recession. We certainly do not want to see a recession become a depression. The Senator's amendment would make economic circumstances even worse for the families out of work, worse for the businesses that have had to close, worse for the family farmers who have had to give it up.  I would think that the Senator would want to go in the opposite direction. We would want to get the American economy moving forward again, help those families back to work, help that business back on its feet, help those farmers, if we can, and the ranchers as well. But the Senator's amendment would have exactly the opposite effect. As a recession hits, revenues go down, the Senator would say spend less and bring the economy back to its feet. I think that is the wrong, wrong medicine.  As important as a balanced budget is, it is more important for America to have an expanding economy, to recover from a recession, and to have the wherewithal to do it. So I respect the Senator for his suggestion, but I respectfully disagree with his point of view.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  