President, there have been a lot of headlines in the last several weeks of embarrassment to both political parties. There have been a lot of questions asked about the system by which we raise funds at all levels. Questions were raised about the use of a telephone by the Vice President, and I do not know, frankly, what was legal and what was proper in that situation, but we all know that at least two Members of this body have acknowledged that they used their office telephones in campaigns gone by to raise money. They said they will never do it again, as the Vice President has said. But it raises a bipartisan challenge to us in limiting campaign fundraising activities in any public building.  There was a question raised as to whether or not an employee at the White House was handed a check for the Democratic National Committee which she then turned over to the committee, and whether that was legal or proper. We know 2 years ago a Republican Congressman on the floor of the House walked around handing out campaign checks from tobacco companies to their favorite candidates, and that, of course, raises a bipartisan question about the propriety of receiving or distributing campaign checks in a public building, on the floor of the House or the Senate. These are all legitimate and bipartisan questions.  This morning's Washington Post raised a question on the front page as to whether a Member of Congress was putting some pressure on a certain group to raise money for him in the last campaign, and the pressure went so far as to suggest that the Ambassador from the country involved was saying, ``This is unusual; we have never had this kind of pressure put on us.'' The same charges are made against the White House: Did they go too far in soliciting contributions? Again, a bipartisan problem and one we clearly should address.  For those who have tunnel vision on this and see all of the sins and wrongdoing only on the Democratic side, I think in all honesty, they know better. We are all guilty of this. We are guilty of this at the congressional level, at the Presidential level, Democrats and Republicans, and to merely turn that spotlight on one group or one party really does not get to the real challenge here. And the real challenge is, will we change the system?  The resolution that I am going to offer says to the Senate, let us make a commitment, both sides of the aisle, that by a time certain, we will bring to this floor campaign finance reform legislation and pass it by a time certain. I do not presume what that might include. I do not presume to suggest that any bill pending might be passed. We might come up with a new work product completely, totally, but I do suggest to you that unless and until we make this commitment to reform the system, the skepticism and cynicism will continue and may increase.  So, Mr. President, on behalf of myself and Senators Dorgan and Wellstone, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Senate Resolution 65, a resolution calling on the Senate to commit to bring comprehensive campaign finance reform legislation to the floor by May 31 and to adopt, as a goal, the enactment of such legislation by July 4 of this year; that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.  