 It is my understanding that there is an agreement that in 25 minutes or so a vote will be taken which will interrupt this debate. And during this pending period, I am sure that others will be joining us to discuss the amendment which I have called up. It has not only been my intention to call up this amendment, but any amendments thereto this evening. I hope we can dispense with this matter. I have waited all day for this opportunity.  I think it is an important amendment. It is one that has received a lot of attention, but it was an amendment which people almost missed because, you see, in the tax bill that we considered just a few weeks ago, it was not until the final hours before the vote that someone discovered a provision buried deep in this tax bill, which literally gave a $50 billion tax break to tobacco companies in the United States.  The reason why amendment came as such a surprise was it was not in the House version of the tax bill, it was not in the Senate version of the tax bill. No committee hearings were heard on this issue. No debate was held on the floor of the House or the Senate on the wisdom of this issue. But in fact we have come to learn that the tobacco companies, through their lobbyists, inserted this provision in the tax bill at the last minute.  It was a provision which I have called a ``legislative orphan,'' because for weeks afterward, after it was discovered, no one would claim parentage of this poor little $50 billion amendment--no fathers, no mothers, no living relatives. People said it appeared mysteriously, that it was approved by the leadership but no one could quite tell us where it came from.  Well, finally, after weeks of investigation, the USA Today reported, through a staff member, that it was a product created expressly by the tobacco companies and slipped into this tax bill at the last minute in an effort to deal with some of the politics of raising the tobacco tax.  The tobacco companies have come before us time and again and said, ``It's a new day. We have learned our lesson. We are no longer the oppressive industry, ignoring the reality of public health. We now want to sit down and settle. We want to work with our legislative leaders in Washington.''  Well, it was a new day when it came to the speeches, but not when it came to propose this amendment to the tax bill. In fact, it was an old day, old politics, old time religion. Wait for the dark of night, and in that stealthy atmosphere come in with an amendment worth $50 billion.  Here is what it said. We were going to raise the tobacco tax, over several years, 15 cents. That money was to be raised to provide health insurance for uninsured children across America so that States could invent their own programs and create their own approaches to cover these children. And the tobacco tax revenues would help defray that cost.  Well, the tobacco companies have decided that they want the value of this tobacco tax increase to be set off against anything they would have to pay in a final settlement, the so-called universal or global settlement.  So, at the last minute, they come in with this provision, a $50 billion setoff, or break, for the tobacco companies, without a minute of hearings, without any consideration in the House or the Senate, without any deliberation. They said, ``Let's make this part of any tobacco deal. We get a $50 billion break.'' It is no wonder that cynicism grows across America when this sort of thing is done. It really raises a question about whether we are doing our job right.  Some of the tobacco companies have come back and said, ``Now, wait a minute. This is nothing unusual. A $50 billion setoff against our offer of $368.5 billion--it is a natural thing.'' Well, I am afraid it isn't. It turns out State attorneys general, including Michael Moore of Mississippi, sent a letter on behalf of this group, and they said that ``. . . [the] recent action by Congress to use revenues raised by new taxes as a credit toward our settlement is unacceptable. . .'' This comes from Michael Moore of Mississippi. ``As you know, this concept was discussed and rejected by us during our negotiations. This industry''--the tobacco industry--``has agreed to specific dollar amounts in the settlement, and we will not agree to any diminution of those amounts not specifically set forth in the agreement.''  Attorney General Moore, who led this effort of 40 different States to bring an action against the tobacco industry, has in fact said that this is not part of the agreement. It was expressly rejected.  So the tobacco companies, having lost in their negotiations with the State attorneys general, came up to find some friends on Capitol Hill. And they clearly must have found them, because now in fact we have this amendment as part of the tax bill, signed into law.  The amendment which I propose today repeals it. It says that the tobacco companies cannot sneak in here in the dark of night and put this kind of provision in the law. I tried to attack this provision in the closing hours before the tax bill was voted on. Some of my colleagues told me later they were not sure what I was doing, and it was late, and they were not certain what the point of order was setting out to do, but they want a chance to vote on it again. Well, we are going to give them that chance today, I hope, if we do not get muddled down by the efforts of the tobacco companies again to pull a fast one.  I am reminded of a story because of what we are setting out to do here. An Irishman was seen digging around the wall of his house. He was asked by his neighbor what he was doing. He said, ``Faith, I'm letting the dark out of the cellar.'' That is what we are trying to do here. We want to let the dark out of the cellar in the tax bill. That section of miscellaneous provisions which was supposed to be innocuous, not costly, noncontroversial, turned out to include this $50 billion break for these tobacco companies.  I think that what the tobacco companies are trying to do here is to start writing the tobacco liability settlement legislation even before Congress gets its chance. And they want this $50 billion break to start with.  The tobacco company provision in the tax cut bill says the increase in the tobacco excise taxes collected as a result of the balanced budget law will be credited against the total payments the tobacco companies would make as a result of Federal legislation implementing the settlement.  The tobacco tax increase in the final version of the balanced budget bill raised $5.2 billion in the first 5 years, and a total of $16.7 billion over 10 years. Projected out to the 25-year life of the proposed settlement, we can estimate that the revenues at stake amount to around $50 billion over 25 years. I do not know if there was another provision in that tax bill of this magnitude. One small section that will literally cost the taxpayers of this country $50 billion that was put in this bill without a minute of debate or hearing.  That means the new balanced budget law, as amended by the tax cut bill, would give the tobacco companies a $50 billion credit in any future settlement. Boy, that is a good day at work if you can come home as a lobbyist for the tobacco companies, and the spouse says to the lobbyist, ``How was your day at work?''  ``I had a great day.''  ``What did you do?''  ``I just saved the tobacco companies of America $50 billion without anybody noticing. We stuck it in the bottom of the tax bill, and now no one will ever know.''  Well, that isn't what happened. It was discovered. And today it will be addressed directly.  The revenues in this bill were not intended to set off the liability of the tobacco companies. They were in there to provide health insurance for low-income kids. They should not be used to lessen the financial liability of the tobacco companies.  Moreover, if this provision is not repealed, the tobacco industry is going to argue that $50 billion should be taken out of the money the settlement envisions for public health initiatives. Keep in mind, these tobacco companies sat down with 40 State attorneys general and said, ``We are willing to reach a settlement. And we are willing to invest money in public health initiatives to reduce children's smoking, for example.''  Now they have said, ``We won't give you $368.5 billion as promised over 25 years. We want a reduction of $50 billion.''  So what will be at stake here? Enforcement of this agreement, public information campaigns, smoking cessation programs, industry liability payments. We should not give the tobacco industry this $50 billion windfall.  I am pleased that Senator Collins is joining me. I see she has come to the floor here. Senator Collins of Maine has agreed with me that we should repeal this sweetheart deal for big tobacco. American taxpayers should not be subsidizing the tobacco industry to reduce its liability for past misconduct.  The amendment is very simple. It simply says that subsection (k) of section 9302 of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, as added by section 1604(f)(3) of the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, is repealed. Or, in plain English, the tobacco industry credit added to the balanced budget bill by the tax cut bill is repealed.  The groups that have joined me in support of this effort grow by the hour. I am very proud of those who are endorsing the Durbin-Collins amendment to repeal that $50 billion tobacco credit.  I will read the groups for the Record: Action on Smoking and Health; the American Association of Critical Care Nurses; the American Cancer Society; the American College of Preventive Medicine; the American Heart Association; the American Lung Association; the American Medical Association; the American Public Health Association; the American Society of Addiction Medicine; Children's Defense Fund; the HMO Group; the Latino Council on Alcohol and Tobacco; the National Association of City and County Health Officials; the National Center for Tobacco-Free Kids; the National Council of Churches; the National Education Association; the National PTA; the National Women's Law Center; Partnership for Prevention; Public Citizen; Taxpayers for Common Sense; U.S. Public Interest Research Group; and the Women's Legal Defense Fund.  Some have argued we should just let this provision stand and then try to adjust the settlement accordingly, by adding $50 billion to the required payments. We should not have to expend valuable energy trying to increase the settlement price just to return to where we stood before July 31.  We should repeal this provision now, clear the decks, and start from a level playing field in deciding what the settlement price would be. Many of us think the final settlement price should be higher than $368 billion.  I might add that my colleague from Kentucky, Senator Ford, is offering an amendment in the second degree to this. He suggested at one point he thinks $368.5 billion should be the total that is in the settlement. Though I will not oppose his amendment as written, I disagree with that particular aspect. But whatever the price, it should not have to be artificially adjusted to fix a provision added in the dark of night that almost no one knew about and almost no one agreed to.  Some have also argued that the settlement provision has no meaning and no effect. When I brought it up on the floor some of my colleagues said, ``Well, this is not binding. It is not a matter of law.''  I said at that point, ``Then take it out of the bill.''  ``No, no, we have to keep it in the bill.''  Clearly, the people fighting for it in the bill wanted a strong bargaining position. They wanted to say when the tobacco settlement came down, we will start with a $50 billion credit for the tobacco companies. I do not think the tobacco industry would have worked so hard to put the provision in the bill if it was not important.  In fact, news reports have indicated that the provision was supposed to have been put in the Balanced Budget Act and was added to the Taxpayer Relief Act after being inadvertently left out of the budget bill. If it had no meaning or effect, no one would have bothered to write it into the tax cut bill.  But make no mistake about it, this provision is very meaningful. Although it was originally characterized as an ``orphan'' provision because no one would own up to having written it, the truth finally came out that the tobacco industry provided the language directly to the Joint Tax Committee staff which put it in the bill at the behest of certain congressional leaders. The provision is very meaningful to those who wrote it, namely, the tobacco companies. They stand to gain $50 billion for 46 words of legislative language. That is more than $1 billion a word.  When you think about the history of Washington, DC, and all that we have done on Capitol Hill, we have literally reached the point where an effective lobbyist working in the stealth of the night can come up with a provision which saves his clients more than $1 billion a word. What an effective lobbyist that must be.  Regardless of whether we support or oppose the details of the proposed settlement, we should all be able to agree that the taxpayers should not be underwriting the cost of the settlement.  Some have argued we should not adopt this amendment because it might slow down this appropriations bill, and it is a very important appropriations bill. But I believe the American people and most Members of Congress don't support this tobacco giveaway. We must not pass up this opportunity to eliminate it. It is a bad law and it needs to be changed.  Those who want to derail the Labor-HHS bill will try to do so regardless of whether this provision is in it. We must not let a threat to slow down the bill turn courage into cowardice. If we stand up to the forces behind this amendment they will shrink away. They don't really want to try to defend the indefensible.  The question also comes up as to whether, if the amendment is adopted, the Labor-HHS appropriations bill could be ``blue slipped'' by the Ways and Means Committee in the House, pursuant to the origination clause, article I, Section 7 of our Constitution.  As a practical matter, the answer is no. Of course, the House could do whatever it wishes. It is a sovereign body. But as a practical matter, it wouldn't have a good case for blue slipping this bill over this amendment because it is not a revenue measure.  We talked to the House Parliamentarian's office. They agreed. The subsection of the budget bill that would be repealed by this amendment does not amend the Internal Revenue Code. It does not impose or remove a tax. It does not even change the tobacco industry's current obligations. It addresses only a possible future credit against the payments the tobacco industry would make in a settlement. That credit is not a tax credit. It is simply a reduction of the tobacco company's payment obligations under a settlement, if there is one. Therefore, this is not a tax revenue measure subject to that objection.  Any Member of the House could try to offer a privileged resolution claiming that the provision was a revenue measure subject to the origination clause and asking the House to reject the bill and send it back to the Senate, but they would have a hard time convincing the majority in the House to reject this important appropriations bill on the grounds this amendment was supposedly a revenue matter, even though the amendment, as I said, does not affect the Tax Code nor anyone's tax liability and does not even affect the tobacco industry's obligations.  Tobacco products in the United States kill more than 400,000 Americans every year. The U.S. economy suffers a tragic and unnecessary loss of $50 billion each and every year from tobacco-related health costs and another $50 billion from tobacco-related loss of productivity.  Historically, the tobacco industry was unwilling to admit to any damage caused by its products. Even today, tobacco company executives choke on statements that their products ``might have'' caused some instances of cancer.  But the settlement currently being discussed was agreed to by the tobacco industry.  This secret credit should never have been written into the tax bill. It should be repealed immediately.  Madam President, I say to my colleagues, they may have had an excuse for not voting to strip this provision from the tax cut bill on July 31. Perhaps many of them genuinely did not know it was there. I only learned about it a few hours before the vote. But there is no excuse today. There is no excuse for the Senate to leave this provision in law.  Now my colleagues have a chance to vote straight up to rectify the situation. The American people do not want this credit to remain on the books. It is time for Congress to agree and to vote to repeal it. So, I say to my colleagues, don't let the tobacco companies take $50 billion out of taxpayers' pockets to reduce their settlement liability.  I hope they will join me in voting for the Durbin-Collins amendment. This amendment, to paraphrase an old literary quote, ``shines and stinks like rotten mackerel by moonlight.'' We are now bringing it to the attention of our colleagues to let them know that this rotten mackerel should be excised from the Federal law, that the tobacco lobbyists, as effective as they were in placing this provision in law, did the wrong thing. They played old politics under the old rules.  I am happy now to yield the floor to my cosponsor on this amendment, Senator Collins of Maine.  