President, let me say at the outset I want to acknowledge the leadership role that has been played by my colleague, the Senator from Nebraska, who preceded me on the floor. He is calling on us as Members of the Senate and the House to face the reality that entitlement programs need reform. Senator Kerrey has oftentimes been a lonely voice in that effort. It is not altogether a popular position to take and yet it is necessary. I admire him for his leadership and his candor, and I think that we in the Senate should heed his advice that we must resolve ourselves into the business of addressing the needs of these entitlement programs--Social Security and Medicare in particular--on a long-term basis.  What I am about to speak to today in no way should reflect on Senator Kerrey's effort or the effort of others for meaningful reform with Medicare. But the issue which I address is one included in this reconciliation bill which I feel is fundamentally wrong and fundamentally unfair. It is a provision which is included in this bill which would over a period of time raise the eligible age for Medicare.  By way of background, many years ago we raised the eligibility age for Social Security. The reason the people still think in terms of Social Security eligibility at age 65 is that this change to age 67 will be implemented during a transition period from the years 2003 to 2027. It is a gradual change adding, over 24 years, 24 months before a person can be eligible for Social Security. During the course of its deliberations, the Senate Finance Committee entertained a motion by my colleague from Texas, Senator Gramm, to add an amendment which would increase the eligible age for Medicare from 65 to 67. It is said in the report of the Finance Committee--and I am sure this reflects the nature of the debate--that an attempt was being made to find some symmetry between the increase in eligibility age for Social Security and the increase in eligible for Medicare. If there is any parallel or any symmetry between these two programs it is only that they both serve elderly Americans, and there it ends. I think we should view this suggestion of raising the eligible age for Medicare from 65 to 67 in the context of the people who are affected.  This package that raises that age to 67 for Medicare literally reneges on our promise to provide Medicare to seniors at the age of 65. There is no budgetary impact in this provision. There is no money to be saved, because whatever is going to be saved, if it is ever implemented, will not occur until the next century, far beyond the 5 years when we measure the impact of this bill.  This change does not parallel the Social Security change which I described. Individuals have the ability now to begin their Social Security benefits at age 62. Of course, those benefits are diminished, but should a person reach that point in life and say, ``I'm ready to retire. I do not want to wait until 65. I have talked it over with my spouse. I'm going to retire at age 62.'' It is perfectly legal. They can do it. The Social Security benefits start flowing to their family based on what they have paid in.  There is no corresponding option for Medicare. Medicare begins at 65. Unless you are disabled and thereby qualify for Medicare, you cannot touch this program until you are age 65.  Currently, 1.6 trillion individuals in America between the ages of 55 and 65 are uninsured. How do people find themselves in this predicament? Well, I bet you everyone listening, those viewing, can probably think of someone in their family or a friend who reached that situation. I have a situation in my own family, a person who had worked for years and years for a major company and decided he would retire at age 60 and the company said, ``Well, here is your watch. Here is your package of benefits. Good luck in your retirement.'' Within 12 months they notified him there had been a change in the program, and no longer would they offer health insurance to him as a retiree. His recourse? None, zero, no place to turn. Age 60, retired, out of work, no health insurance. Then the trouble began for him personally, heart problems, leading to serious heart surgery. He literally put his life savings into his medical care and counted the days until he reached the age of 65. He had been critical of a lot of ``big government'' and big government programs, but now a big government program was coming to his rescue and his family's rescue. He finally made it and reached age 65 and reached eligibility.  Is this an isolated case of one person who did not have good luck when he retired? I am afraid not. A 1997 Commonwealth Fund study indicates in 1994 only 30 percent of retirees had health insurance from a previous employer, compared with 44 percent in 1988. The trend, unfortunately, is in the direction of uninsured people at the age of 60 and beyond. Even coverage by larger employers has declined. In 1993, 71 percent of large employers provided coverage. But then again by 1996, this figure had dropped to 63 percent. Many retirees, incidentally, do not retire voluntarily and may not have much chance of future employment. Private insurance for this group of seniors is very expensive.  In my home State of Illinois, I checked in the city of Chicago, and the average cost of health insurance for a healthy male age 60 to 64 is $6,520--healthy male. What if they had a preexisting condition, a serious medical condition? The cost goes up over $10,000 a year. You are retired, you are going fishing, you are taking it easy, all of a sudden, no health insurance. Where do you turn? You just had a diagnosis that says you have a medical problem--$10,000 a year and you wait, counting the days until you are eligible for Medicare.  This bill does not help seniors. This bill does not help retirees. This bill does not help working families, and this provision is totally unfair. If we lived in a country where everyone had health insurance, universal health coverage and you did not have to worry about whether you lost it through changing a job or retirement, that is one thing, but we do not live in that nation. We live in a country where any one of us with the loss of a job could be vulnerable to no health insurance coverage, and the suggestion of the majority that we raise the eligibility age for Medicare leaves more people vulnerable--vulnerable, of course, to the cost of health insurance if they can buy it.  That is why I oppose this provision and why I will make a point of order when I have concluded these remarks. I yield for debate only to my colleague, Senator Reed.  