President, I think the chairman, the Senator from Utah, concluded that automatic stabilizers do have some impact. I think that the chairman would agree with me that for a person who has lost his job or a person who has lost her job, the prospect of turning to the Government for unemployment insurance to continue to keep your family together not only stabilizes your situation while you search for another job but helps to stabilize the economy.  I think the Senator from Utah would agree with me that unemployed workers seeking retraining and additional education to find a job in fact help to stabilize our economy. And that is exactly the point of this debate.  I would concede every point made by the chairman about all of the other stabilizers that have evolved in our economy if he would concede that there is still a legitimate role of specific programs which step in to help the unemployed family.  Let me give you an illustration of this which has been used in this debate before. This is an illustration of the business cycle in America from 1870 forward. The spikes on the top of the line are the good news. That is when the economy was expanding, businesses were growing, farmers were doing well, and jobs were being created.  But every time we dip below this line, we see unemployment, businesses going out of business, farmers quitting, heading to town. And look at these spikes in the economy on the negative side leading up until about 1945 or 1947--much more pronounced, much more dramatic, deeper recessions, depressions, millions of Americans put out of work.  But what happened after the mid-1940's? We see the downturns, but they are barely noticeable in comparison to what occurred before that time.  Automatic stabilizers. The things which the Senator from Utah noted--global economy, monetary policy, so many other things--but what happens are the things I have noted as well. Families out of work had a place to turn. It was no longer survival of the fittest. If you had personal responsibility, if you were held accountable, you had a means to get back on your feet.  Last Thursday, in this debate I talked about my friend, Bob Bergen, who lost his job at the factory in Springfield. Bob came by my house yesterday in Springfield, and we were talking about it. I said, ``Bob, remind me. How did you get out of that factory job?'' which he had been at for 22 years. They closed down the factory, and he got into the business of furnaces and air-conditioning. I said, ``What was the name of the program?''  ``The JTPA Program. I signed up for it, and I went to the community college. I took the courses, and when they closed that plant, I was ready to do something with my life.''  JTPA is a Federal Government program. It is one of the automatic stabilizers we have used in the past. Todiscount that or dismiss it and say that it has nothing to do with Bob Bergen now in a good business in Springfield, IL, employing his son, I might add, as are so many millions of others, is to ignore reality.  Let me address one other point raised by the chairman.  The chairman says that my use of the term ``economic recession'' is just not precise enough. I call the attention of the chairman to Senate Joint Resolution 1, to his own language, which allows, in section 5, Congress to waive all the provisions of the balanced budget amendment in times that ``the United States is engaged in military conflict which causes an imminent and serious military threat to national security.''  What does it mean? Troops in the field, troops under fire, whether or not we suspect that might occur or it already has? These sorts of things suggest that whatever the language of this constitutional amendment, our implementing legislation is going to have to be there to make certain that it is explained in detail.  At this time I yield to the ranking Democrat, Senator Leahy.  