President John Kennedy's speech to American University in 1963, really I think demonstrated a vision of the future which no one believed at the time was really within our reach. We expect leaders in America to challenge us, to think ahead, and to think of a different world, a better world. Certainly President Kennedy did that at American University.  In the midst of the cold war, when it was starting to heat up with nuclear missiles being built at great expense in the Soviet Union and the United States, President Kennedy challenged the United States to think of the vision of a world that was a world of peace, a world where the leaders in countries like the United States and Russia would be focusing their resources on good and positive things rather than weapons of mass destruction.  We have tried through the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty to reach a milestone on the road to the total abolition of nuclear weapons. This treaty prohibits all nuclear weapons test explosions or other nuclear explosions anywhere in the world.  It is verifiable. We have a global network of monitoring facilities and onsite inspections to make sure that each country lives up to its terms.  President Bush, obviously a Republican leader, initiated a test moratorium in October 1992. President Clinton continued it, and then signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty last year, along with 125 other world leaders. It has been endorsed by the United Nations. Now it must be ratified by the United States. The Senate must put its approval on this notion that we are going to eliminate nuclear weapons testing as part of a global plan to bring real peace to this world. Forty-three other nuclear-capable countries must face that same responsibility.  Why should we do this at this point in our history? Are we not making enough progress? Do we really need this? I think the answers to these questions demonstrate why we are here on the floor speaking to this issue. The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty would curb nuclear weapons proliferation worldwide.  What does it mean? Not just those nations currently in possession of nuclear weapons, but those that dream--unfortunately dream--of being nuclear powers, they would be held back, too. Our monitoring devices in the test ban treaty will be at least a discouragement, if not a prohibition against their own nuclear testing to become nuclear powers, to join in some nuclear arms race at a new level different from the cold war.  There is another aspect of this that is so troubling. Fully $1 out of every $3 we spend each year now in the United States on what we call the nuclear weapons program is money spent to clean up the mess, the environmental degradation that is left over from our nuclear program. If we stopped the testing and put a halt to the construction of these weapons, we are going toprotect our environment, and future generations will certainly be happy to hear that. It saves taxpayer money. And, it is supported by a majority of Americans. In fact, over 80 percent of the American people think it is time for us to do this.  The U.S. nuclear arsenal has consumed about a quarter to a third of all of our defense spending since World War II. I will not recount all the dollars involved; and I am sure my colleagues will during the course of this debate. But, we have put ample resources in this program. We must be reminded over and over again of the words of President Dwight Eisenhower, no dove, our leader in World War II, who stood up and reminded us that every dollar spent on weaponry, every dollar spent in this case on nuclear weaponry, is a dollar not spent on the education of a child, on nutrition for a child at risk. These are things which should be constant reminders of the need to resume this debate.  Despite the end of the cold war and the collapse of the Soviet Union, the United States currently spends at least $33 billion a year on nuclear weapons and weapons-related activity--about 13 percent of our defense budget. These costs continue even though no new warheads or bombs have been built since July 1990.  Nuclear weapons testing has stopped since September 1992. And the size of the nuclear stockpile, because of negotiations, has gone down dramatically; yet, still $33 billion a year right up on the cash register out of the taxpayers' pockets into a nuclear program. And for what? Unfortunately, a third of it, as I said, is used for environmental cleanup. And that should be done. But so much more is being used to maintain and upgrade existing weapons and retain the capability to produce new ones.  Let us realize the vision of President Kennedy, a vision which 34 years ago challenged Americans to think beyond the current cold war in those days to the future, to a future free of nuclear weapons to a more peaceful world.  I am happy to join with my colleague from Iowa, Senator Harkin, on the floor. And I thank him for reminding us of a commitment made of a vision expressed 34 years ago. It is time for this test ban treaty to be ratified by the United States for a safer world, for ourselves and our children.  I yield back to the Senator from Iowa.  