 These surveillance programs are extremely important for early detection.  In some cases, the initial breakage of a device may not cause instantaneous harm. For example, in the case of the Telectronics Heart Pacemaker ``J'' Leads which are found to be defective in 12 percent of the patients with them, breakage didn't result in any harm until the next bout of heart arythmia. Surveillance of these leads identified problems in some patients. And this led to the notification of patients with these leads of the need to have them checked.  Likewise, in the case of the Bjork-Shiley heart valves, 300 Americans died when this tiny heart valve no bigger than a pen turned out to have a structural defect.  This is a blowup of a photograph of a heart valve. And it shows a crack in one of these struts on this heart valve. This crack alone wouldn't be lethal. But when the strut next to it cracks, it is too late. You are going to die unless you have immediate surgical relief.  We believe that once you know that the heart valve is in danger, you should know the people who have received it so that you can notify them so that they can go to a doctor and have the necessary test to see if they are in danger.  Early detection and correction could have prevented many of the 300 deaths that occurred when this Bjork-Shiley valve failed.  Let me tell you about another case, teflon jaw implants. People with the temporal mandibular problems--TMJ--have turned to these implants as a way of dealing with a maddening situation, and a very painful one.  In the case of the implants made by Vitek in the 1980's, early detection unfortunately wouldn't help. These implants splintered and caused massive corrosion of jaws and skull due to the triggering of inflammation and other immune responses. By the time the patients suffered pain, for many of them it was too late. Many of the patients required the removal of much of their jawbone structure because this implant had failed. Even some of their skulls were exposing their brain because of this subsequent surgery.  If a surveillance program had been in place prior to the Vitek jaw implant defect, many of the patients would have been able to have their implants removed prior to the full deterioration of their jaws. In fact, many individuals would have been saved altogether from ever having the implants inserted in the first place.  Vitek jaw implants were first marketed in 1983, but it wasn't until 1990 that FDA sent out a safety alert, and in 1991 issued a recall.  Think about that, 7 or 8 years later we finally realized that there was a problem with this implant.  At that stage, between 25,000 and 26,000 patients had received these implants. The rate of failure was nearly 100 percent.  Here on these charts you see some of the sad stories of the victims. These are troublesome to see, but think about these poor people and what they went through. Asking these companies to keep track of the people who received these implants is not unreasonable when you take this lovely young lady in this picture and look how she deteriorated after these implants started to fail. And the same thing, this lovely lady in this picture and what happened to her face as a result of the implant failure. On this one, look at this. After the implant failed, look what happened. It actually emerged from the skin.  Is this something that we want to think twice about? I would think that as a matter of just decency we should include in this bill tracking and surveillance to try to avoid this from happening to anybody in the future.  Some may try to argue we still have the medical device reporting system. That is no substitute for company surveillance. The medical device reporting system is basically a body count program. We hope that we could have a strong program to detect problems before death and injury. That is exactly what a surveillance program does. Many medical devices on the market are approved on the basis of data from trials of shorter than the lifespan of the device. Vascular stint, approved by the FDA this year, was approved on data after 6 months of use. FDA requires surveillance to check if the device will be safe for a longer period similar to the life expectancy of the device.  I would like to also bring to the attention of my colleagues a recent GAO report on the inadequacies of the medical device reporting system before anyone starts arguing that it is a substitute for surveillance programs. This report from the GAO states that between March 1994 and April 1995, a backlog of about 48,000 malfunction reports from manufacturers accumulated at the FDA. Many of the malfunction reports, according to GAO, were not entered into the adverse event reporting system until 1996--almost 2 years in some instances. In fact, the House device bill suggests eliminating even this report because of its inefficiencies.  In contrast to that system, the tracking and surveillance programs which I am pushing for are much more effective. This January a good example of this was seen in the case of a runaway pacing implantable cardioverter defibrillator manufactured by Ventritex. Due to their surveillance programs, Ventritex realized the clock in the defibrillator was running radically.  For those who are not familiar, it is a situation where a person has a heart problem where the heart beats irregularly. The defibrillator feeds a shock to the heart to stop the defibrillation and save the person's life. The company realized it was not working right. That kind of problem could be fatal for individuals with these defective devices implanted. On January 15, the company met with FDA and proposed a temporary fix that could set these devices straight. Within less than a month, over 97 percent of the 5,600 patients were found and their devices were reprogrammed. Thousands of lives may have been saved by this effective tracking and surveillance.  Shouldn't this be the case for every lifesaving device? Why does this bill water it down? Why does this bill take away the tracking and surveillance that would give us the necessary information to track this very sort of thing to save people's lives.  In the pretracking days, before we started doing this, I have a letter from a lady named Charlotte Evans. She only discovered this year that her teflon jaw implant might be defective even though the product has been off the market for over 7 years, but no tracking program had been in effect when she bought it. For 11 years since she had this device implanted, her jaw had been undergoing deterioration due to this defect, but she had no notice of any problems with the device.  I think the final chart says it all. Mandatory surveillance leads to early detection of problems, which results in fewer deaths and less serious injuries. Mandatory tracking gives us effective recall and saves lives. To rely only on the medical device reporting system is to treat American people as though they were lab rats while we wait for the body and injury count to mount.  Let me tell you who supports my amendment: Victims Against Lethal Valves, the TMJ Association, the National Breast Implant Task Force, NORD, AARP, Consumers Union, Consumer Federation of America, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, the American College of Nurse-Midwives, AMFAR, the AIDS Action Council, DES Action, Center for Medical Consumers, Committee for Children, Human Rights Campaign, National Women's Health Network, Public Citizen, and the Treatment Action Group.  I hope that it will also be supported by a majority of my colleagues. If any of us believed for a moment that someone we love, a member of our family, was about to undergo a surgery and have a device implanted in their body and then be lost so that if something is found wrong with that device later on and their lives are in danger, we would think twice about this provision in the bill.  Let us keep tracking and surveillance in the bill. The medical device manufacturers must accept the burdenof keeping track of the people who receive these devices. If something goes wrong, it is literally our only way to avoid injury and save lives.  Mr. President, at this point I yield back the remainder of my time.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The time of the Senator from Illinois has expired. The Senator from Vermont.  