 It is ironic that this is my first speech on the floor of the U.S. Senate and that I am speaking on behalf of a gentleman whom I have known for 25 years and one I am proud to support. I speak on my behalf and on the behalf of the senior Senator from Illinois, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun, in support of this nomination of Bill Daley to be our new Secretary of Commerce.  Bill Daley, of course, is well known in the city of Chicago and across this Nation. The Daley name carries with it certain connotations of political leadership, mainly positive, maybe some negative on a national basis. But those of us who know what the Daley legacyhas been in the State of Illinois feel that it is overwhelmingly positive because of the contribution that has been made to our State, to the city of Chicago, and to this Nation by the Daley family over the last few decades. It has been significant, significant in this respect: The Daley family has been willing to step forward into public service to face the slings and arrows that public figures face, and to lead.  And they have led, led our great city of Chicago forward, not only under Mayor Richard J. Daley but now Richard M. Daley, and through the other members of the Daley family.  William Daley--Bill Daley as we know him--has often been behind the scenes, not on the center of the stage. Of course, when his father was mayor, he was a young man. Now that his brother is mayor, and he is in a capacity to play a larger role, many times he has stepped to the side. He led in his own fashion, in his own way, and developed a reputation in Chicago, and I think across this country, for leadership, not only the obvious, leading in the city, in community endeavors, charitable undertakings, making certain there was some vision from the business community about the future of Chicago, but on the national scene as well.  It is interesting that when President Clinton faced one of his toughest challenges in his first term, in passing NAFTA, a controversial issue even within the Democratic party, that he would turn to Bill Daley of Chicago and say, ``Come to Washington. Use your skills and leadership to help me pass this important trade agreement.''  When the dust had settled and NAFTA had passed, even the critics of NAFTA gave credit to Bill Daley and said, ``Here is a man who could be trusted.'' His door was open. His word was good. As I said at the Commerce Committee, he showed the skills of a playmaker like Michael Jordan, whose name may be known to even the Senator from South Carolina. We are proud of the fact that Bill Daley has served this country well. We think this designation of Bill Daley as the Secretary of Commerce creates another opportunity for him to serve his Nation well.  It is no surprise that the Department of Commerce has been under the spotlight in the last several months, and some questions have been raised, and I think deservedly so.  I want to salute my colleague from Arizona, Senator McCain, for noting that there is need for reform in the Department of Commerce. I say to Senator McCain, we could not choose a better person than Bill Daley to bring about real reform, because he is a professional.  I have to also note the Senator's comments about investigations into questions about his background have shown that they were fine, that he comes to this job with the level of honesty and integrity that we expect of Cabinet people and people in public service. He will be tested to put together a team to bring about real reform in the Department of Commerce. Bill Daley is going to meet that challenge. I think he is going to rise to that occasion.  I might speak to one other point before yielding back. During the course of this hearing and investigation, questions have arisen about the future of the Department of Commerce. Some have even questioned whether it should exist. I, for one, believe it plays a critically important role. Now that the cold war is behind us, we are engaged in a new war of equal proportion--a war over jobs, a war over opportunities, a war to find, I guess, for the next generation of Americans, the same opportunities other generations have enjoyed.  We cannot step back and hope that our reputation as a Yankee trader will be all that is needed for us to win in that war. We need to be on the front, in that battle, making certain that American workers and businesses are treated fairly when it comes to world commerce. That is the job of the Department of Commerce, one of the more important responsibilities that it faces. I hope the Department of Commerce is valued for that responsibility. It certainly is, in my estimation. I know Bill Daley feels the same.  His background in business, in banking, in the practice of law, and in public policy, make him uniquely qualified to come to this job in the Department of Commerce and to serve his Nation well. I am happy to stand today in support of this nomination. I hope that this body will join me in giving a solid vote of support to the designation of Bill Daley as our new Secretary of Commerce.  I thank the Senator from South Carolina for yielding me the time.  