President, I thank my friend from the State of Iowa, Senator Harkin. I also thank the Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter.  This is a good bill. It is not an easy bill to write. Having been a member of the Appropriations Committee in the other body, I know some bills are tougher than others. This is the toughest.  The committee empowered with writing this legislation entertains literally hundreds of witnesses who ask for help in this bill. Some are the most touching and amazing stories, as people come before this committee with a variety of different medical problems and ask for help in funding research at the National Institutes of Health. I am really encouraged that this piece of legislation increases spending on Federal medical research projects by 7 percent. I wish it were a lot more, and I bet the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from Pennsylvania agrees. Not too many years ago, we found that the NIH was only approving a fraction of those good research projects which should have been funded. There just wasn't enough money there.  Anyone in this body, any member of our family, anyone listening to this statement, either in the galleries or by television, understands how vulnerable we all are to medical illness. There are times in each of our lives when we pray that someplace at sometime someone is investing enough money to make sure that the cures for these illnesses are found. This is the bill that invests the money.  People say, what do these people do in Washington that has any impact on my life? We invest money in the National Institutes of Health to try to find ways to cure cancer, heart disease and a variety of diseases that are not as well known. I commend my colleagues who work hard on this committee to make it happen.  Another contentious issue in this bill is the whole issue of education testing. I don't particularly like this bill's provision on education testing. I see it a lot differently. I understand at some point the debate has to end, and we have to move forward to pass the legislation.  I believe in local control of education, but I think it is naive for us to believe that we should live in a nation where 50 different States set 50 different standards for scientific educational achievement. For example, the kids graduating in Illinois may go to work in Iowa. The kids graduating in Iowa may end up going to Nebraska. The kids in Nebraska may end up going to California.  The education standards we are espousing and the ones we are trying to make certain we achieve should be nationwide goals. Understanding the achievement levels of our schools is the first step toward appreciating the good schools and improving those that aren't as good.  The city of Chicago is going through a dramatic change in reforming its public education system. The city of Chicago voluntarily signs up for national testing to make certain that the kids coming out of those schools can make it wherever they happen to live. As a result of that testing, the public school system of the city of Chicago virtually closed down seven high schools within the last few months and said those high schools just aren't meeting the basic requirements for the kids. They demanded that the teachers in those schools basically step aside and only those who were competent were rehired. Others were told they had to do something else with their lives. That is what testing can give you, some objective standard to make a tough decision.  The final point I will make in conclusion, I especially thank the conferees for including a provision that I added to the Senate version of the bill. Section 608 of this conference committee report includes the provision which I added on the floor of the Senate which basically nullified the $50 billion setoff that was given to tobacco companies in a tax bill that was passed a little before our August recess. It turned out the vast majority of my colleagues agreed with me that this was a bad provision, and we eliminated it. The conference committee has honored that and kept it in the bill.  Let me say in closing that I hope as part of the tobacco settlement agreement, with the leadership of Senator Harkin and so many others, that we cannot only do the right thing in reducing kids smoking, but come up with the revenues to put it into things that are critically important, such as medical research, so that maybe next year when this appropriations bill comes to the floor, we won't be talking about a 7-percent increase in medical research but a dramatically larger increase paid for by the tobacco settlement agreement.  I thank the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from Pennsylvania for their fine work on this bill. I yield back the remainder of my time.  