President. There is a quotation attributed to Vladimir Lenin. I am not sure he said it, but it has been repeated often enough that it is possible he did. It is illustrative of the challenge we face in this debate. It is reported that Lenin said: ``A capitalist will sell you the rope that you use to hang him.''  The suggestion from this founder of communism was that countries like the United States with a passion for capitalism and sales will occasionally get too overheated and end up selling the very product that can be used against him. Lenin's quotation goes back almost 80 years; yet, it is apropos of the debate today in 1997. We are talking about the sale of a supercomputer to a country that can use it against us. How should we take care to prevent that from happening? What safeguards should we establish?  You have read in the newspapers over the last few years the sad commentary of people entrusted at the highest levels of Government in the United States with classified and secret information, with access to technology, who have literally betrayed the United States and have sold that information to one of our adversaries. Ultimately, many of them have been caught and prosecuted and have served time, as they should, for betraying their Nation and giving away something very critical to the defense of this country to one of our adversaries.  At the basis of this debate is this same question: Are we giving away, through sales, a precious resource that can be used against us? Are we handing over a capability to a country that may not have the same interest or the best interest of the United States at heart?  That is why Senator Cochran and I have offered this amendment. Let me say at the outset for those who are critical of the amendment, we are not saying that the United States cannot make sales of these supercomputers to any country, Tier 1, 2, or 3; but we are saying, if you are going to sell these supercomputers to one group of countries that we want to take care do not misuse them, then please come to the Government, come to the Department of Commerce and make certain that the party buying the computer in that country, whether it is China, Russia, or another Tier 3 country, is an end user or party that will use it for peaceful purposes.  Is that some outrageous suggestion--that before we sell this great capability, this supercomputer capability, to some entity in China or Russia that we take care not to sell it to the wrong person? I think most Americans would say, ``Why would we have a Government, if you aren't going to do something that basic to protect us?'' Is there reason to be concerned about this?  Think about what we are selling. One supercomputer that was sold to Russia increased their computer capability 10 times. We took our genius, our technology, put it up for sale, and they bought it. And with that purchase they not only bought the technology, they bought a new capability--I am sorry to report capability which can be used for negative reasons, for reasons inconsistent with American policy, and as easily for peaceful reasons.  Some have said, ``Don't do the Cochran-Durbin amendment. It just involves too many sales. It would restrict too many supercomputer sales.''  Senator Cochran made this point. When you look at the sales to Tier 3 countries, which are the only countries affected by this amendment, there were 91 sales in the 15 months of new trade policy by the Clinton administration; 6.3 percent of the computers in question are at issue here. Is that too much to ask? That when we start to sell 6.3 percent of our computer sales to certain countries, we say, ``Pause. Hold back. Let's review and make sure that the entity buying them in the other country is a peaceful entity, that in fact it won't be used against the United States.''  We have sold 47 supercomputers to China, another 20 to Hong Kong, and many to Russia as well. What have we learned about these sales?  I am sorry to report that four silicon graphic machines that were sold to Russia are now being used at Russia's nuclear weapons labs; one silicon graphics machine in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, which on its face sounds harmless but it is a key part of China's nuclear weapons complex; one Sun Microsystems machine we sold, we learned last week, is now running in a Chinese military facility after being diverted from Hong Kong.  What Senator Cochran and I are saying is, is it worth our effort and time to take care not to let these computers fall into the wrong hands? But, if you listen to the voices of business and the supercomputer industry, you would think that our suggestion was to stop sales of supercomputers. But it is not. In fact, it wouldn't affect 93 percent of the sales already, and for the other 6.3 percent all we are asking is for time for review.  We received a letter in opposition to our amendment from the Secretary of Commerce, a man whom I admire very much. But I would have to say to the Department of Commerce and to the Department of Defense that it is not unreasonable for us to ask you to set up a mechanism to make sure these computers don't end up in the wrong hands.  I have received a publication from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Not surprisingly they don't want any restrictions on this trade. They want U.S. companies to be able to sell whenever and to whomever they choose, and they don't want the restriction of the Cochran-Durbin amendment. But I would say to my colleagues that it is a little disingenuous for them to argue that if we do not allow the sale of supercomputers which can be misused against the United States that we endanger American jobs. There is something larger at stake than American jobs. What is at stake here is American security. I would think that every worker in the computer industry or outside would want to make certain that, No. 1, we provide for the common defense. If I recall, that is part of a document that all of us consider to be illustrative of the goals of America.  Let's address this issue about whether or not the Cochran-Durbin amendment in going after the 2,000 MTOPS model is talking about a garden variety of PC's which people can pick up at the corner computer store and are today available in Senate offices. As one of my colleagues said, it is a common thing that shouldn't be restricted. From what we are told 10,000 MTOPS is not common to them. The computers that are being sold right now are at a level of 200 MTOPS or 250 MTOPS. And even assuming that this industry, which is burgeoning and increasing its capability dramatically, should continue to increase the capability of these computers, Senator Cochran and I estimate that it will be more than 4 years before they all reach the end of the MTOPS stage. At least until that time shouldn't we take care, be cautious, and be concerned about the danger of selling this capability? I think we should. I think it is a serious mistake for us to assume that if we do not sell these computers to our potential enemies some other country will.  When we asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Defense this question they said, ``Well, the only country likely to step in, if the United States doesn't sell the computers, is Japan.'' Incidentally, Japan has more restrictive export controls than the United States. So I wonder if we are really thinking very seriously about the potential ramifications.  It is very shortsighted to celebrate the sale of a computer to a country overseas, to celebrate the jobs that are created, and to ignore the reality that that computer may give a potential enemy capability--capability to manufacture, capability to test through computers nuclear weaponry, chemical weaponry, and biological weaponry. All of these things I think should be of great concern to all of us.  With all due respect to my colleague, the Senator from Minnesota, I would say that his amendment does little to address the core problem here. To call for a study? Well, we have been at this for 15 months. If you want to know what has happened, we can give you the statistics. We can tell you what has occurred in terms of the sales actually made to China, to Russia, and through Hong Kong back to China. We know things have happened that we never wanted to happen. The idea that we can somehow evaluate this and then let those know who are interested really strikes me as a very weak approach.  Let me just say that the bottom line is that I know industry is in the business of selling. I think our Government and the Senate should be in the interest of not only encouraging sales but encouraging responsible sales.  When Senator Cochran and I come forward and say that for 6.3 percent of computers we want to make certain there is a review, that the end users cannot use that technology against us, I think that is a reasonable request.  I sat through the hearing. I wish some of my colleagues who oppose this amendment could have sat through it as well. I think they would have come away with the same impression that I did. The current liberal trade policy of supercomputers is going to create a situation which could one day come back and haunt America. We are giving to those in China, Russia, and other countries capabilities which we have worked hard to create and capabilities which unfortunately they may misuse.  We spend so much time in this body discussing the proliferation of weapons. We watch every move that the People's Republic of China makes for fear that they are proliferating these weapons around the world. We have classified and unclassified briefings on the subject. And when it comes to the sale of hardware and technology, we step aside and say it is another story. It is not. It is the same story. It is the same concern, and should be expressed as such.  I hope my colleagues will take a hard look at this. It is not often that I break with the Clinton administration on foreign policy. But I think Senator Cochran is right. I think this policy should be subject to thorough review, and I think his amendment, which I am happy to cosponsor, is a step in the direction to make sure that we don't turn loose to the world supercomputer technology and one day come to regret it.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  