President. I thank my colleague for yielding, and I join him in this statement this morning.  For the last several weeks we have listened to the Republican leaders standing next to stacks of budget books in full-throated pride for balanced budgets, the key to America's economic future, the rallying point for this Nation to come together to balance the budget.  Their call for a constitutional amendment did not pass. It failed by one vote. I voted against it. And what I said then I will say now. The job before us is not to amend the Constitution but to balance the budget. And the two are not the same. Amending the Constitution is no guarantee that we will have a balanced budget tomorrow or the next day. The only guarantee that we can offer the American people is to our actions, actions in this Chamber and the House coming together with the President and reaching an agreement.  Many years ago, there was a Senator from Illinois whose name was Everett McKinley Dirksen. He served with my colleague from West Virginia. Senator Dirksen, in the early 1960's, made a momentous decision and decided to support civil rights legislation for the first time in his career. When Senator Dirksen was asked why, after years of resistance, he came to the point where he supported this legislation, he said, ``There is nothing more pregnant than an idea whose time has come.''  If the idea of a balanced budget has come, the obvious question is why the Republican leadership in control of the Senate and the House has not met their responsibility under the law to put together a budget, to bring it forward so the American people can see what their priorities are. Why in the name of all that is holy would they hold back from this responsibility?  I can tell you why. It is fairly clear. They have a serious problem. The Republicans have overpromised. They have promised tax cuts that create serious problems in balancing the budget. These tax cuts that have been promised by the Republicans this year are in excess of the tax cuts promised in the heralded Contract With America, which was presented for 2 years before Congress. Do you remember that scenario? At that time, the Republicans came forward and said, in the Contract With America, we are going to make the following tax cuts. And in order to pay for those tax cuts, we are going to cut programs.  When you took a close look at those tax cuts, you realized that they primarily went to wealthy people. A lot of us on the Democratic side of the aisle said, now, is that fair, to propose a package of tax cuts at a time when we are trying to balance the budget, when the tax cuts go to the wealthiest people in America? Then we took a look as well and said, well, how will they pay for them?  The proposals coming from the Republican side suggested deep cuts in Medicare, in Medicaid, in environmental protection programs, and college student loan programs, to name but a few. The President said: I will not buy it; it is not fair; we have to balance the budget, but we cannot do it at the expense of these critical programs like Medicare and college student loans and protection of the environment. So the President vetoed their bill.  They said, if that is what the President wants, we will close down the Government, and they did--two separate occasions, the longest shutdowns in the history of U.S. Government occasioned because of the inability of Democrats and Republicans to reach an agreement on balancing the budget.  After that experience came an election, and the American people, I thought, were given one of the clearest choices in our history--on one side, the Dole and Gingrich approach, and on the other side the Clinton-Gore approach and that supported by many of us as Democrats.  I think those were two sharply contrasting views of the world, and I expected the American electorate to speak in one voice and say, given this fork in the road, this is the course we want to travel.  The American people made a decision in the election last November, and they decided they wanted both. They wanted to preserve the Democratic leadership in the White House with the President, but they wanted to preserve Republican leadership in Congress.  Now this odd couple comes together, a Republican Congress and a Democratic President, trying to divine exactly what is the message sent by the American people. I think the message is easy to divine, and here is what I think it is. Balance the budget. Be fiscally responsible. But do it in a way that does not harm the most important programs to American families.  I do not think that is an unreasonable request, and I think it reflects where most Americans stand when they look to our future. Now the President has stepped forward and met his share of the burden. He has produced a budget which comes to balance by 2002, a budget which makes cuts and makes changes that he believes and I believe will reach balance without cutting important programs, and the President adds a safety valve. If he is wrong, if 5 or 6 years from now he has guessed wrong and we end up out of balance, the President has a trigger mechanism that comes in and makes an across-the-board cut to reach balance. Even the Congressional Budget Office, which has not been friendly to many Democratic proposals recently, has had to concede that is a way of balancing the budget. It is a trigger mechanism which will, infact, make certain that the budget comes to balance.  So the President put his proposal on the table, and if you follow recent history, in the natural course of events it is now the turn of the Republican leadership in Congress to come forward with their proposal. As was said by my friend from North Dakota, after viewing for weeks stacks of budget books that were viewed with derision by those who supported a constitutional amendment, we cannot find a single sheaf of paper on the Republican side suggesting how they will reach a balanced budget.  The reason? They have painted themselves in a corner. They find themselves in an impossible position. They have overpromised on tax cuts for wealthy people, even more than in the Contract With America, and they cannot figure out how to pay for it and balance the budget. So they have stepped back, removed themselves from the fray, and have basically said to the President, give us another budget now. You gave us one. Let us see a second one.  I am sorry, but the legislation that we have passed involving the budget and the history of these institutions suggests the President has met his responsibility and now it is the responsibility of the Republican leadership to come forward. They understand that if they are going to protect and preserve the tax cuts they have called for, it will force even deeper cuts in Medicare, even deeper cuts in college student loans, even deeper cuts in environmental protection than they suggested 2 years ago. They are in that corner and do not know the way out.  Let me suggest there is a way out. Reduce these tax cuts to those the President has targeted to help working families, make certain they are tax cuts we can afford, make certain as well that we preserve basic programs like college student loans and environmental protection. Let us work together in a bipartisan fashion to chart a course for Medicare that will bring it not only solvency but stability for years to come, and we can come up with this balanced budget. But it is time for the Republican leadership to step forward and to meet their responsibility.  