I will concede to my colleague that the overall subsidy for crop insurance, as I said at the outset, is an issue well worth addressing. The fact that we would spend--perhaps the Senator from Mississippi has more current figures--we would spend in the neighborhood of $200 million subsidizing crop insurance in America is an issue which I will happily join with my colleague from Kentucky and other States to address.  But lest we forget, this debate started on the issue of tobacco, and although many of my colleagues want to raise a variety of other issues, we still have to face the reality that when this debate is over, we are going to face this question time and again when we go home: Senator, what's going on here? I can't pick up a newspaper, a news magazine, turn on the radio or television and I am not being told how bad tobacco is for America. Why do you keep plowing millions of my tax dollars into the subsidy of this tobacco crop? How can you justify it?  I cannot. That is why I am offering the amendment. And I would say to my colleagues from the tobacco producing States, it is time to accept reality. And reality will tell you this. The day when the Federal Government rushed to the rescue of tobacco is over. I do not know if I will succeed with this amendment today, but tobacco's days in the U.S. Department of Agriculture are numbered. They know it, the tobacco farmers know it, and the tobacco companies know it. They know full well, as they have watched the course of events over the last 5 or 6 years, that each year we have eliminated another Federal program relative to tobacco--research, export assistance, market promotion program. We have closed those doors, and those doors have remained shut.  The tobacco growers and industry realized long ago that if they wanted an allotment program that gives them the advantage of making the kind of money we are talking about, they would have to pay for their own program. And they did it. And yet now we are in a part of this debate where they are saying we want to hang onto this last Federal subsidy.  Make no mistake; this second-degree amendment offered by my colleague, the Senator from Kentucky, does not just reform crop insurance. It strikes our prohibition before inserting his addition. So he is not adding to my amendment. He wants to get me out of the way. He wants to talk about crop insurance programs. He does not want to talk about tobacco. That is a delicate subject. But it is a delicate subject I have been talking about for 10 years.  And I want to tell you, too, I think the tide of history is on my side. I hope I am around to see that tide hit theshore. I hope I am still standing when it does. But a little over 10 years ago, I offered the first amendment in my long and checkered career on this issue to ban smoking on airplanes--10 years ago. Every leader in the House of Representatives, Democrat and Republican, opposed me, every committee chairman, and we went to the floor. They said we were meddling with tobacco, and they did not care for it, and tobacco lobbied. Folks, I want to tell you, the monsters of the midway are not the Chicago Bears. The monsters of the midway are the tobacco lobbyists in this town. They came down like a ton of bricks on this amendment. But you know what. We won. By 5 votes we won, 198 to 193, and I was the most surprised Member of Congress standing in the Chamber of the House when it happened.  What it told me then and tells me now is that we are going to win this battle--maybe not today. I hope we do. Maybe not today, but we will. And the tobacco growers and tobacco companies have to accept the reality that if their product is to remain legal, if it is to remain legal, they have to change the way they do business. They have to stop asking for this Federal subsidy. They have to stop selling tobacco to our kids.  If they do not agree to those two things, they are going to continue to face this kind of opposition year in and year out, and it will continue unabated. Those who are here in the Chamber, my colleagues, and some who are in the gallery who have taken the time to tour this beautiful building--and it is magnificent. I am very proud to be a Member of the Senate and to be able to practice my profession in this building--they will take a look around at the columns as they walk through the corridors and they will find at the top of these columns a curious leaf.  What could it be? Well, you know what. Many of these columns are adorned with tobacco leaves. It tells you something about the history of the United States of America and the history of this Congress. When the President of the United States comes for an address to the Joint Session of Congress, State of the Union Address, for example, he stands in front of a wooden podium. Carved in the side of that wooden podium are tobacco leaves. It is part of America and it is part of our history. And there are some people who do not want to give up on that piece of history. They want to hang in there one more year for tobacco: Oh, we can do it. We can survive. We can offer perfecting amendments. We are going to fight for 1 more year.  But the tide of history is not on their side. It was not that long ago, even in my lifetime, when doctors used to advertise the healthiest cigarettes to smoke. It has not been that long ago that you could have a smoking and nonsmoking section on an airplane and create the fiction you were protecting people, knowing full well that you were not.  Those days are over. And as these tobacco companies come in here ready to negotiate, not because of a guilty conscience, because of their additional efforts to make money, we can see the tide changing. And yet we hang onto this vestige of the old school, this relic of history which for 60 years has said that the Federal taxpayers will defend and subsidize tobacco. That has to come to an end, and it has to come to an end sooner rather than later.  Let us take the money we save with my amendment and use it for valuable, positive things that will help all of rural America. Let us use it for programs that are beneficial, health assistance to everyone across this Nation. The amendment that has been offered by my colleague from Kentucky is an amendment which seeks to win this battle today, put it off, at least the overall issue, for another day. But that is not good for America. It does us no good as a nation to turn our back on this reality.  I say to my colleague as well, although he may question this, I will tell him in all sincerity, I understand his concern for his farmers. I give him my word now as I have in previous debates that if he is prepared to offer an amendment as part of this tobacco agreement to help his farmers, either phaseout of tobacco growth, move in other areas, I will be there, I will help him. Tobacco companies owe a great deal to the American tobacco growers, and I don't run into too many tobacco farmers who defend them, incidentally, because they know full well these same tobacco companies haven't treated America's tobacco farmers very well. They continue to import cheaper tobacco from overseas. They turn their backs on the very farmers whose tractors and skirts they have hid behind for decades. It was not fair the tobacco growers were not at the table.  If the Senator from Kentucky or anyone on that side of the debate wants to suggest a change in this overall agreement to provide assistance to those tobacco growers so that they can phase in to a different type of production or phaseout of tobacco growth, I am happy to join him in that effort. My war is not with those farmers. My war is with what they are growing in their fields, because what they grow in those fields is deadly. It is lethal. It is something that can't be ignored or swept aside as just another agricultural issue.  I can recall during past debates on this people have stood up and said you can't single out tobacco when it comes to America's export policy, and yet we have done it. People have said you cannot single out tobacco when it comes to research. Basically, we have done it. People have said time and again that you cannot separate tobacco as a crop. But I believe the American people know the difference. They know the difference between a bushel of corn that may be used for a variety of positive things. They know the difference between a bushel of soybeans that may be used for a variety of things, positive for American families, or a bail of cotton. You cannot say the same thing about these tobacco leaves.  So, Mr. President, I oppose this amendment, not because of its underlying wisdom but because it is offered only, exclusively, solely for one reason--push the tobacco debate off for another day. I believe, and I believe my colleagues will join me in this belief, that you cannot wait another day. You have to move forward with this debate and address this issue now.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  