 We can all remember 2 years ago when there was a debate on Capitol Hill about closing down the Federal Government. Rush Limbaugh and people like him went on the radio and said, ``Go ahead and do it, no one will notice. No one will notice if you close down these Federal agencies. They are just a drain on the Treasury and our tax dollars.''  But the agency that we are talking about today is an agency you would notice immediately--immediately--because the Food and Drug Administration, as small as it is by Federal standards, is one of the most important. There is not a single thing you buy in the drugstore or look at in your medicine chest at home that the Food and Drug Administration has not taken a look at to make sure it is safe for you, your kids, and your family.  That is why this FDA reform bill is so critically important to this Nation to make sure we make this agency more efficient. I want to salute the Senator from Vermont and the Senator from Massachusetts. They have had their differences on issues, but I think most Senators, Democrats and Republicans, agree reform is needed. This bill is a step in the right direction.  It is in that spirit that I will offer several amendments. Let me tell you about two that I think people should take notice of. If you went out today and decided to buy a car for your family--a few years ago I went out andbought a Ford--you will have your name and address entered into a computer. If at some later date something is found wrong with that car, the brakes are faulty or there is some mechanism on the door that is not safe, they will notify you, they will track you down, and they will send you a notice. A lot of Americans have received them, ``Come on in to our shop, and we will fix your car.'' That is reasonable. None of us want to drive an unsafe vehicle.  My amendment says is it not now reasonable, when it comes to heart valves and pacemakers and items like that, that we do the same thing? If you or your loved one is told by the doctor you need a pacemaker, you think long and hard about it but say, ``Doctor, if you think that is what I need to live, so be it.'' You go through the surgery, and everything works out just fine. Wouldn't you like to be on a list somewhere so that if a defect is found in that pacemaker 6 months, a year, or 2 years later, that you can be notified? That is what my amendment says. Track and surveillance, find the customers that use the products. If there is a change, let the customers know, let the people know, so they can go back to their doctor, back to the hospital. I don't think that is unreasonable.  The second thing is we want to move some of the drug surveillance, for example, and drug approval off the Food and Drug Administration campus and take it to third-party reviewers. Now, this is being done in Europe and other places. It is not unreasonable that we would go to a laboratory and say, ``You do the testing, you read the results; you tell us whether this drug is ready for the market.'' I think that is a reasonable thing for us to try to do, under supervised circumstances. But my amendment says let us make certain, absolutely certain, that this third-party reviewer does not have an economic interest in the drug company seeking approval. Would you trust a reviewer who just happened to have a thousand shares of stock of the company making the product that he is deciding whether it will go to market or not? Would you have second thoughts if that person was being offered a job by the same company whose drug he is reviewing just happened to get a vacation in the Caribbean last summer at the expense of the same company?  Conflict of interest statutes are important here. If we are going beyond the Federal Government and we are going to have private laboratories doing this, for goodness sakes, let's be certain that their judgment and decisions are based on sound science and not on financial gain. That is what my second amendment will do.  I think these will move us along toward making the FDA an even better agency. There are a lot of critics of the Food and Drug Administration. I have worked closely with this administration for over 12 years. Some of the finest people in Government are working out there. Sometimes they are frustrated that we wish they would bring things to market more quickly. Did you read the newspaper this morning? Occasionally, things are moved to the market that aren't safe. Thank goodness, the FDA can say it is time to take the item off the market, or decide the benefits are not outweighed by the problems this drug creates. We have to keep this agency strong and independent and above political criticism. The two amendments which I will be offering on the floor are an attempt to do that.  I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for yielding.  