President. I will use this to conclude my remarks.  I want to first thank my colleague, the Senator from Utah, for this debate, for his fairness throughout this debate and the prior debate, though we clearly disagree on a very important issue. I thank him for the fairness with which he has handled this debate and allowed me the opportunity to express my point of view.  I said at the beginning of this debate I don't think there is a more serious vote that a Member of the House or Senate could make, absent a vote on whether the United States goes to war, than a vote on whether we amend this Constitution. When you think that on only 17 occasions in the 205 years, since 1791 have we actually amended this great document, each of us should pause and reflect and make certain that what we bring to the legislatures of this Nation for consideration is the very, very best.  What we are talking about today, I think, is a critically important part of this debate. It is important because, as the Senator from Vermont, who was kind enough to join me in this debate, said, we are talking about the ability of the American people through their Government to respond to an economic emergency.  There are those who would argue we need a supermajority, and history tells us in the last 2 years, the requirement of a majority vote resulted in gridlock and Government shutdown and national embarrassment. I worry that at some future date in the midst of an economic downturn, after this budget has been pared back dramatically to reach balance, when there are people and groups in this town, like hungry dogs on one bone, trying their very best to preserve something, requiring a supermajority vote to step up and help working families get back on their feet could be an invitation to gridlock at a time when those families need us the most.  Mr. President, I close by making a final request to the fairminded, to the judicious chairman of this committee in asking him for one last consideration, and that is that we have the yeas and nays on the merits of this amendment. I think I know the outcome, but let us preserve in this debate an up-or-down vote on this question. Let us give, in the course of this debate, to the American people our best judgment on the merits.  Let us not have this question, I think critical question, masked by some procedural vote that will suggest that this amendment on its face does not merit a yea-and-nay vote in the Senate. I think it does, and I would gladly give that right to any Senator in their effort to improve on a modification of a document which we all value and revere, the Constitution of the United States.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment.  