President, yesterday we had a vote that was very important about health care for children. I thought it was a watershed vote, because it is an issue which very few American families would quarrel with. Children were not insured. They weren't receiving adequate health care. A suggestion was made by Senators Hatch and Kennedy that we have a bipartisan response and raise the cigarette tax, take the money and ensure the children. We lost. We called it for a vote and we lost. Health care for children failed yesterday.  So we start this morning with another challenge. If you won't provide health care for children, how about education? Let's test that question before the U.S. Senate. Have we provided in this great Nation the resources for education for our children?  Senator Moseley-Braun of Illinois brings that challenge to the floor this morning. She says to the U.S. Senate, let's test this theory. If we are committed as a nation to education, are we committed enough to cut tax loopholes that some of wealthiest Americans enjoy, take the money and put it into building our crumbling schools? She is not talking about carpeting schools in America. Senator Moseley-Braun is not talking about air conditioning for every school in America. She is talking about the basics: safety in the schools and a learning environment so that our children can walk into a clean classroom, heated in the winter, cool in the hot days of summer, and have the ability to learn.  If you go to your State, whatever it is, and look around, you know what you are going to find. The Government is spending money today for that very type of room: A clean, comfortable room for young people. Is it a classroom? No. It is a prison cell. It is a juvenile detention center. We are building them in Illinois at a record pace. And I will bet you that in every State of the country you will find the same is true.  As juvenile crime increases, we are building more boot camps, more detention centers and more prisons. If you visit them, many of them are not luxurious. But they are a heck of a lot better than the school building just a few blocks away.  Should we have clean and adequate facilities for the detention of young people? Of course. But think about it for a second. We drive past a high school that is falling down, a junior high school that is totally inadequate, an elementary school where they don't have heating, where the windows are busted out and the ceilings are falling down, and, a few blocks beyond that, see a detention center all brand new and shiny and modern. What is the lesson there for the children, or for us as taxpayers? Where is the priority? Wouldn't we say that we would have at least as high a priority in providing a school building that is good for children? That is what Senator Carol Moseley-Braun has proposed.  Let me add another element that is very important as far as I am concerned. In the old days, a school building opened up at 7:30 or 8 o'clock in the morning and closed up at 2:30 or 3 in the afternoon, and that was it. Kids went home to mom and dad in the ``Ozzie and Harriet'' setting of cookies and milk, or ``The Partridge Family,'' whatever, you name it--good, old American values. That isn't what the American family looks like today. Those kids coming home at 2:30 or 3 in the afternoon are lucky to find anybody at home. The parent or parents are usually out working. And they sit around for 2 or 3 hours waiting for an adult to show up. Their choices in life at that point are television or trouble. Sad choices.  So we are expanding the concept of schools beyond just learning, to be community centers so that at the end of the ordinary schoolday the kids stay there in a safe learning environment. They would stay there until the parents were home in the evening, and they would have a positive experience.  