I only have a short period of time here, I say for the information of my colleague from Maine, and I appreciate this chance to rise and speak on this issue.  It has been said in debate that the columnist, George Will, has pronounced this as the most important debate in American history. I didn't want to miss it and that is why I came to the floor today. I will not question Mr. Will because he was reared and his early education took place in the State of Illinois, and somewhere or another he got off the course shortly afterwards, but at least we attribute his early training to Illinois' educational standards.  Is this the most important debate in American history? It may be, because what is at stake in this debate is not the amount of money that is being spent in a campaign, it is really not about the conduct of campaigns, it really doesn't have much to do with political action committees or labor unions or corporations or associations. What is at stake in this debate is the future of this democracy.  If that sounds hyperbolic, let me tell you why I say it. I am honestly, genuinely, personally concerned as a Member of this great institution, about the fact that the American people are losing interest in their Government. The clearest indication of that loss of interest is their participation in elections.  Now, why is it at this moment in time when the United States of America is obviously one of the most attractive places in the world to live, where we have to almost construct a fence and a wall around our borders to keep people from other nations from comingto the United States, why is it that at a time when our economy is booming, at a time when we are so proud of what we have achieved not only in this Nation but around the world, that the people we serve, the American voters, have decided they are not interested? And they have demonstrated that, unfortunately, in that quadrennial forum where we asked people to come forward and name the leader of this Nation.  Let me show you what I am talking about. I think it is interesting in this debate about campaigns and money and voters to take a look at what has happened in the United States of America in the last 36 years. This bar graph shows the amount of money that has been spent on campaigns at all levels, Federal through local. If you look it was a rather meager sum, $175 million, in the earliest years, and then skyrocketed up to $4 billion here in 1996.  So to entice people to vote, to interest them in candidates and interest them in campaigns, we have raised money in record sums and spent it on television, radio, direct mail, bumper stickers, emery boards, pocket combs and everything we can dream of, to say to the voters, ``Look at me. Get interested. I'm running. I need your vote.'' Is it working? As we plow more money into this system, is it working? Well, the sad truth is, it is not.  Look at this percentage of those who vote in Presidential elections: Starting in 1960, 63.1 percent of the American people said the Kennedy-Nixon election is one that we consider critically important, our family is going to vote. Look what happened in this last election in November: 49.1 percent of the American people turned out to vote. We spent record numbers, dramatically increasing the amount of money on political campaigns, and the voters voted with their feet and stayed home. Isn't it curious that the more money we plow into our campaign system the fewer voters turn out?  Now let me just suggest something. If you happen to own a company selling a widget and say to your marketing department, ``We are going to double our advertising. Next quarter we want to see what happens to sales,'' and you gave them twice as much money for advertising your widget, and they came back after the quarter was finished and said, ``We have the report.'' You said, ``What is it?'' ``Advertising went up 100 percent.'' ``How about sales?'' ``Sales went down.'' What? Advertising went up and sales went down? Well, you could draw some conclusions. There was something wrong with the advertising or there may have been something wrong with the product. That is what this debate is about.  There is not only something wrong with the advertising, it has become so negative, so nasty, so dirty, that people are disgusted with it. There is something wrong with the products. Candidates for the House and Senate are losing their reputation or seeing their integrity maligned because we spend so much time grubbing for money. People believe that we are captives of special interest groups. And because they are sick of the style of campaign and because they have little or no confidence in those of us who wage the campaigns, they stay home.  The turnout for the Presidential election last November was the lowest percentage turnout in America for a Presidential election in 72 years. Now if Jay Leno and David Letterman pronounced this election over in July, as they probably did, I don't think that explains it. I think there was something else at work here. The American voters are at best indifferent, and at worst, downright cynical about the system we use to elect people in the United States.  Let me also show you something that makes the case even more. I guess some people would argue, well, back in 1960 there must have been a higher percentage of people who were registered to vote. Well, that was not the case. Our figures start on this chart in 1964, and there were 64.6 percent of Americans were registered to vote; if you remember, 63.1 percent of those turned out to vote.  Now, we have increased the franchise by making it easier to register to vote. You can register when you go to get a new license for your car or driver's license renewal, that sort of thing. So, more and more Americans are getting registered to vote. There is more participation. I think that is a healthy thing. I backed motor-voter. We are now up to 74.4 percent of eligible voters registered in America in the 1996 election. You can be proud of that.  People have said, ``Yes, I will sign the form. I'm willing to go out and put my name on the voter rolls'' knowing they may be called for jury duty or something else. They did it anyway. Then look what happened. Despite this dramatic increase in the people who are registering to vote, remember November 1996? Fewer than 50 percent of the American people then exercised their right to vote.  I think that is a telling commentary on this debate. If you listen to the arguments of my colleague from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, and Senator Bennett from Utah, who was on the floor the other day, and Speaker Newt Gingrich and others, they have analyzed the situation and said, clearly, the major problem with the American political system is, in their words, ``We're just not spending enough money. We have to put more money in these campaigns. We have to get on television more and radio more, and mail more things to the American people. Then they will know we are out here.''  Well, they know we are out here. They just aren't buying what we are selling. They are staying home. Those who argue that the best way to reform the system is to plow more money into the system have missed the point completely. Nine out of ten Americans--90 percent of them--believe that we spend too much in political campaigns, not too little.  Isn't it an oddity that we are at this point in our history where we are actually engaging in an argument as to whether or not a person's wealth should determine their ability to participate in a democracy? This is not a new debate. We have been through this one before. In the 19th century, the debate was cast in a different tone. If you wanted to vote, would you have to be a property owner? That is an evidence of wealth and stability, and some of our Founding Fathers said, well, that is a good indicator, and we should not let people vote unless they own property, and the States can determine the qualifications of electors. Let them put that in as a qualification.  We rejected that over 100 years ago and said that isn't what America is all about. Your participation with a vote should not have anything to do with whether you are wealthy or poor. If you are an American citizen, you are entitled to vote. Since the early part of this century, whether you are a man, a woman, black, white, or brown, whatever your ethnic heritage, whether you are poor as a church mouse or as rich as Donald Trump, you get the same one vote when you come to the polls.  Listen to this debate today. The debate today says, let's change this system and say that if you are wealthy in America--let's say you are a middle-aged, crazy millionaire who decided he wants to be in the House or Senate or a Governor, then you go out and spend your money, exercise your constitutional right, show your freedom of speech to go forward and ask for votes. If you happen to have more money than the next guy, your likelihood of winning is that much better. What I just said is not breakthrough; this is established fact. Candidates with more money and political campaigns usually win. That is a fact of life.  So my Republican friends who say, ``All this system needs is more money,'' are basically saying, ``If we can just get wealthier people interested in running for office or people who are drawing money in from wealthy interests, special interests, that is good for America, that is endorsement of our Bill of Rights, and that speaks well of our freedom of speech.''  I don't buy that. I don't think the American people buy that.  As amendments are produced on the floor during the course of this debate which try to enshrine wealth as the keystone for American citizenship, I will oppose them. I hope Members on both sides will join me. It is a sad state of affairs in America if we have reached the point where, in fact, a person's wealth is a determinant as to whether they can be a successful candidate or be directly involved in our political process. That is what this debate is all about. That is why it could be historic in nature.  Let me address one particular example used in the debate Friday about a good friend of mine who passed away a little over a year ago. His name wasMike Synar. Mike was a Congressman from Oklahoma. He was proud to characterize himself as an ``Okie from Muskogee.'' You have never met a political renegade like Mike Synar. I loved him. I loved his politics. He used to drive people crazy. He would vote on issues and know that, if he went home, people would be angry with him. He would get involved in issues that made everybody squirm and uneasy in their seats. That is just the way he was. He also decided to stack the deck against himself because he announced when he came to the House of Representatives, representing Muskogee, he wasn't going to take PAC money. Mike said, ``I am going to take money from individuals, and I will rise or fall based on my friends supporting me, and so be it.'' He managed to survive for a number of years.  Then came 1994. All of the special interest groups that had been opposing him in the Halls of Congress decided to team up against him back home. In 1992, they had spent $750,000 to defeat Mike Synar. Who were these people? The National Rifle Association, the tobacco lobby, the western grazing interests. They came in, and did they debate Mike Synar on gun control in his district? No. Did they debate him on tobacco regulation? No. Did they debate him on whether or not we are too generous in the subsidies to western grazing? No. They came in and literally plowed hundreds of thousands of dollars into the campaign against him with negative ads on a variety of other subjects--and it was perfectly legal. Mike escaped it in 1992, but not in 1994.  The illustration on the floor made by one of my colleagues last Friday that somehow or other ``Mike Synar, with $325,000, could not defeat an opponent who only had $10,000 and, therefore, money is not the determinate in an election,'' really overlooked the obvious. Mike Synar's money alone wasn't at risk. It was the money of a lot of special interest groups. He was defeated. He worked very hard for campaign finance reform and a lot of other issues that I have the highest respect for.  Let me just also say that I have heard a lot of argument from my colleagues on the Republican side that this debate is really about labor unions, and we have to get our hand on the fact that labor unions in the last election were so vocal and involved and spent so much money. Some estimate $35 million. That is an interesting premise for this debate because, if you look at the totals that were spent by labor and business, the business community dramatically outspent labor organizations in that campaign. Yet, many of the amendments which we will be considering have nothing to do with the business community being restricted, only labor unions.  I think some of my colleagues should take care to watch out for what is characterized as poison pills, or those amendments that will be put in the bill in the hope of killing the bill. It is an old legislative ploy. Take an amendment adopted on the floor, which you are certain could never be part of the final legislation, show your heartfelt concern about campaign finance reform, knowing in your heart of hearts that it will go nowhere with a poison pill amendment. We are going to see a lot of these, I am afraid, during the course of this debate.  Let me address an issue that I think is critically important--television time. In the McCain-Feingold, as originally introduced, which I and 44 other Democratic Senators endorsed, which three of my Republican colleagues have joined in endorsing, including my colleague, the Senator from Maine, Senator Collins. I think the number may be up to four now, we have, in that original bill, provisions that would say to a candidate that we know what is costing money in campaigns. We know where you are putting your money.  When I ran for the Senate in Illinois and raised literally millions of dollars sitting on a telephone day after day calling strangers and begging them to contribute, the money that was coming in was going right out the front door for television. That is where I spent my money. Most major State candidates do the same. My colleague, Bob Torricelli of New Jersey, spent 84 percent of all the money he raised on television. Think about that. Try to buy a 30-second TV ad in New York City that costs $100,000, and you will understand very quickly how that could happen. In Illinois, over 80 percent of our money went into raising money and spending it on television.  I think it is a good illustration that if we don't address the reason campaigns are so expensive, we are not going to see any real reform. Now, the people who represent the television industry say you can't do that; you can't take away time that this station can sell to a private advertiser and give to it a political candidate. But they forgot something very basic. The people who own television stations and make a very handsome profit do it because they are using our airwaves--not the Senate's airwaves; the American people's airwaves. We own these airwaves. We license these companies, at no charge, to use our airwaves and make a profit. It is not unreasonable for us as a people to go back to these television stations and say we want to take a slight and tiny percentage of those airwaves and dedicate them to cleaning up the American election process, to make sure that the time is available for incumbents and challengers alike on a reduced level--or even free in some circumstances--so the voters can hear legitimate messages and we will clean up the message in the process. It won't be the drive-by shooting ads you see in campaigns. It will be informative. People will know where Durbin stands on Social Security and where his opponent stands on Social Security. Things like that. That is not unreasonable. For the stations to say, ``don't even touch it; we own the airwaves, not the American people,'' I think they need a reminder as to how this got started. They are licensed by this Government, representing the American people, to make their profits. Now the argument that we are going to take away reduced costs of TV time is troubling to me. If you don't reduce the cost of television, you will in fact continue to have political campaign costs skyrocketing. You will have men and women running for election and re-election to seats, spending the majority of their time raising money to pay for television.  So I think the original McCain-Feingold provision is absolutely essential. I think we should continue on not only to eliminate soft money, not only to reduce the cost of television, but also to go after issue ads that are actually candidate ads. Political candidates and those who work around us watch television more closely than anybody, because we search that screen during a campaign cycle to find the tiniest of print on the bottom of the TV commercials, which identifies who paid for it.  On the Saturday night before the election last November, bone weary, I pulled into my apartment in Chicago, and I was going to relax a little bit. It was in the closing days of the campaign. So I slumped down in a chair, grabbed the remote control to listen to Saturday Night Live. Somewhere between the news and Saturday Night Live, up pops four television commercials, one after the other, and every one of them blasting me. What a treat that was to sit in the chair and get pummeled by four different commercials.  The most unique thing was that not a single one was paid for by my opponent, the Republican Party in Illinois, or the National Republican Party. They were paid for by committees and organizations that most people never heard of. These are organizations which mushroom up during campaigns, take some high-sounding name, collect millions of dollars, undisclosed and unreported, and run ads, the most negative ads on television, against politicians. That is an outrage. It is an outrage that I have to account for every dollar I raise and spend and I have to identify the television commercials that I put on, either comparing my record with my opponent or speaking about something I believe in, and these groups can literally run roughshod over the system, spending millions of dollars without any accountability.  McCain-Feingold addresses that. Thank God it does. If we don't put an end to this outrage, most of these other reforms are meaningless. To eliminate soft money and to allow special interest groups, whether on the business or labor side, to continue to spend money unfettered in issue advocacy and the like is outrageous. The McCain-Feingold legislation is an idea whose time has come.  I hope that a number of my colleagues will step forward, as my colleague, the Senator from Maine, has done already. We have 49 votes, ladies and gentlemen, for McCain-Feingold. We need one more. Every Democrat has signed onto this bipartisan legislation. We now have four Republican Senators. We need one more. Who will it be? Who will step forward and say, ``This is the most important debate in American history and I want to be on the right side of history''? I hope we can come up not only with that 50th vote, but with enough votes procedurally to keep this issue alive. The rules of the Senate, like cloture and filibuster and the like, allow people who in the name of good government, or whatever, can stop an issue in its tracks. I hope that doesn't happen. I hope we can debate this to its conclusion and have a real vote on real reform.  I yield the remainder of my time.  