It is a very timely issue.  I am a member of the Governmental Affairs Committee, and we have been engaged in months of preparation and weeks of deliberation on the question of campaign finance. Over $4 million will be spent on this investigation. Seventy lawyers have been hired. We have issued hundreds of subpoenas for documents, and we have brought before our committee dozens of witnesses, most under oath, and some with grants of immunity, and yet it does not seem what we are doing has resonated.  I think what it suggests is that, if this committee had started off with the premise that when their deliberations had been completed we would come forward with campaign finance reform, the 1998 election would look different to the American voters and I think the public interest would have been heightened in our effort.  Unfortunately, if we just find ourselves recapitulating the sins of the past instead of talking about real reform, it does not strike a resonant cord. The recent vote in the primary in New York City, which was very low, and the vote last November, the lowest percentage turnout for a Presidential election in 72 years, should be a signal to us and to every politician: The more money we spend on campaigns, the fewer voters turn out to vote.  Now, that is a message, unfortunately, of a growing cynicism about this system. Those of us who believe in this democracy and believe in this Government and believe that we as a democracy have the capacity to change in the right direction, have to move forward in a positive way.  I want to congratulate the minority leader, Senator Daschle. Forty-five Democrats coming together behind us, with three Republican sponsors, puts us within striking distance. Within hours--within hours--we could have two Republican Senators this afternoon say, ``That's it, we have decided we will join.''  It is time for campaign finance reform. We could achieve it before we leave at the end of this year. If we do not, I suggest that it is only going to add to the public's cynicism. I certainly hope that is not the case.  I salute the Senator for his leadership and thank him for bringing this matter to the forefront.  