President, first let me thank the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee for his cooperation in this effort. Though we may not see eye to eye on this amendment or the underlying amendment to the Constitution, he has been gracious and gentlemanly throughout. I appreciate that very much.  I would also like to salute the Democratic leader from that same committee, the ranking member, the Senator from Vermont, for extending the same courtesy, both personally and through his staff.  This is only the second time that I have taken the floor of the Senate to speak. And I consider it a high honor to follow the Senator from West Virginia. In the context of constitutional debate, I think we are all anxious to learn the views of the Senator from West Virginia because he reveres this Constitution, this great document, as much if not more than any other Member of the U.S. Senate.  In the course of the last 14 years I have served in the U.S. House of Representatives. I have cast about 7,000 votes. There were many important votes among them. The most important vote in my estimation was when I was called on to vote and decide whether or not the United States would go to war. I knew with that vote and the decision made by this Congress that lives would be lost. Husbands, fathers, sons, daughters, loved ones would put their lives at risk because of that vote. I do not think I cast a more important vote in my congressional career.  But immediately behind that vote I would have to put consideration of constitutional amendments. It is so rare that we in this body or in the other body have an opportunity to address amending this great Constitution that I hope we will all take it with a great deal of seriousness. Since 1791, 205 years ago, we have chosen to amend this great document only 27 times. Of course, the first 10, the Bill of Rights, were in that year, 1791. And each time an amendment has been suggested we have tried to step back and measure it against this Constitution, this document, and to determine whether or not that amendment or that suggestion really ranks with the importance of this great document.  This amendment that we are considering, the balanced budget amendment, is one that has been debated at great length. And it has been debated by many people of both political parties for a long period of time.  I hope that every Member of the Senate will come to this debate as I have with a new energy and a new determination to make certain that whatever we do in accepting or rejecting this amendment that it will bear the test of history, that those who come after us will judge us as having been thoughtful and reflective in determining whether or not this amendment belongs in this great document and whether this amendment will stand the test of time.  Mr. President, I do not believe that this balanced budget amendment as offered stands the test of time, and that is why I am offering an amendment today to address what I consider to be a fundamental flaw in the balanced budget amendment.  Mr. President, the balanced budget amendment that is before us today does not provide an adequate means for dealing with economic recessions or other serious economic emergencies that could unexpectedly throw the budget out of balance or require a fiscal response. It would tip the balance against working families and make it harder to help them recover from a recession or other economic emergency. In times of recession or economic slowdown it would force us to do exactly the wrong thing by making it more difficult for the Federal Government to respond to adverse economic circumstances. In the case of a regional economic downturn, or other economic emergency that fell short of a national recession, it would leave us unable to respond unless a supermajority of 60 percent or more agree to take action.  That is why I offer this amendment to allow Congress and the President to waive the requirement of a balanced budget in those times when our country is experiencing an economic recession or serious economic emergency. I do not stand alone with this point of view. More than 1,000 of the Nation's most respected economists recently joined together to condemn the proposed balanced budget amendment as unsound and unnecessary. And here are their words:       The proposed amendment mandates perverse actions in the      face of recessions. In economic downturns, tax revenues fall      and some outlays, such as unemployment benefits, rise. These      so-called ``built-in stabilizers'' limit declines of after-     tax income and purchasing power. To keep the budget balanced      every year would aggravate recessions.  The more than 1,000 economists who signed this statement include at least 11 Nobel laureates and many present and former Government officials, including the former chairman of President Nixon's Council of Economic Advisers, current and former Federal Reserve Board Chairmen, and former Democrat and Republican Directors of the Congressional Budget Office. The group includes a friend of mine and a man I respect very much, Robert Eisner, professor at Northwestern University in my home State of Illinois who has a solid grasp of the economic ramifications of Government budget policies.  Most Members of this Senate, Democrat or Republican, would concede that our economy has moved forward in the last 4 years. Some credit fiscal policy emanating from the President and Capitol Hill, and others credit monetary policy from the Federal Reserve. I think it has taken both efforts to put this economy on the right track.  During the course of his testimony before our Budget Committee the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, was asked point blank about the balanced budget amendment. And in the Chairman's words he said he was ``opposed to putting detailed economic policy in our Constitution.'' This is a man who must on a day-to-day basis sit with his staff and cohorts and determine the course of the American economy. He is a man who is as dedicated to balancing the budget as any person in this Nation. He is someone who has made tough and difficult decisions time and again to put this economy on track, and he has cautioned us that this is a mistake, a mistake for us to embody in this Constitution detailed economic policy, that we forswear the flexibility necessary to make certain that this Government of, by, and for the people can respond to the needs of the people in times of recession.  What these economists and Mr. Greenspan are warning us of is that the balanced budget amendment if not changed will exacerbate the economic slowdowns we experience. It will put our Nation into an economic straitjacket that will make it hard to respond to economic downturns.  Let us talk for a moment about the mechanisms that work in our economy in times of recession. Tax receipts fall. Certain types of Federal spending increase. Consider the obvious, the plant closes in your hometown where workers who have spent a lifetime showing up every day doing their job and paying their taxes end up out of work, perhaps for the first time in their lives finding themselves drawing unemployment compensation from this Federal Government. Perhaps if things go badly for a family for a longer period of time, they may be called on to apply for food stamps to make sure there is food on the table, maybe even Medicaid to make sure there is hospitalization protection for members of the family, and then of course trying to find another job. They may need to call on the Government for job training courses or education to prepare themselves for another career; another opportunity.  What I have just described is not radical. It is a natural outgrowth of a free market capitalist economy with business downturns and with the vagaries of the business cycle leaving some families and some workers needing help.  The fiscal changes I have described that take place when the Government steps in are described as economic stabilizers because they kick in automatically in times of unemployment and recession, and they help the economy recover, as they help individuals get back on their feet. That is why Robert Greenstein from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities described the effect of the balanced budget amendment in this way in his testimony before the Judiciary Committee:       In years when growth is sluggish, revenues rise more slowly      while costs for programs like unemployment insurance      increase. As a result, the deficit widens. Under a balanced      budget amendment, more deficit reduction thus would be      required in periods of slow growth than in times of rapid      growth.       This is precisely the opposite--  The opposite, in his words--       of what should be done to stabilize the economy and avert      recessions. The constitutional amendment consequently risks      making recessions more frequent and deeper. In the period      from 1930 to 1933, for example, Congress repeatedly cut      Federal spending and raised taxes, trying to offset the      decline in revenues that occurred after the great crash of      1929. Yet those spending cuts and tax increases removed      purchasing power     from the economy and helped make the downturn deeper; they      occurred at exactly the wrong time in the business cycle.  In Dr. Greenstein's words:       This is why a balanced budget amendment requirement is      called ``pro-cyclical.'' It exacerbates the natural business      cycle of growth and recession. It also is why most economists      who favor tough deficit reduction measures strongly oppose a      constitutional balanced budget amendment.  Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin gave a similar warning when he testified before our Judiciary Committee. He said as follows:       A balanced budget amendment would subject the Nation to      unacceptable economic risks in perpetuity . . . A balanced      budget amendment could turn slowdowns into recessions, and      recessions into more severe recessions or even depressions.  Mr. President, this would happen because the so-called automatic stabilizers in our economy that have been developed over the past 50 years to reduce the extremes of the business cycle and help avoid another Great Depression would remain inoperative by this proposed constitutional amendment.  I have a chart which I would like to bring up at this point.  This chart I think demonstrates graphically what I have described: What has happened in the business cycles of America from the year 1870 to 1990.  You will note that in our free market economy we have our ups and downs, but note the changes that took place after World War II. It is true that those spikes below the line still occurred, but they were not as deep as they had been before. You look back to the Depression, the Great Depression of 1929, you see the recession that we faced in the mid 1940's, but look at what happened afterwards. We have had our downturns, but they have been moderate in comparison.  These are something more than mere statistics. These reflect Americans working and out of work. They reflect businesses being forced to shut down. They reflect the misery that families feel when we go into an economic downturn.  Now, what happened at this point that caused such a great change for the 40 years reflected? We built into our economy certain ways to moderate recessions. Those moderations or stabilizers are Government programs involving Government expenditures. When our economy goes into a downturn, tax receipts are diminished, the opportunity to balance the budget is made more difficult, and we are called on at the same time to respond and spend.  So as tax revenues are going down, calls for expenditures to stabilize the economy go up. That is a recipe for an unbalanced budget. But it is also a recipe for stabilizing an economy, for ending a recession, for bringing people back to work, for giving small businesses a chance to survive, to say to family farmers it was a bad year but next year can be better; we are going to help you through this.  If we accept what this balanced budget amendment offers, it will become increasingly difficult for us to use the stabilizers that have kept America at work, have kept families together, have kept small businesses in business and family farmers on the farm.  That is what is at stake in this debate. The reason I have offered this amendment is to suggest that there is a more reasonable way to approach this. If those who support the balanced budget amendment want to make certain that this Congress goes on the record to make certain that we go on the record with a record vote and be held accountable when we do not balance the budget, my amendment requires that as well, but it does not require a supermajority.  In response to the claim by some that Congress could still easily respond to economic recessions with the balanced budget amendment, Secretary Rubin added the following comments:       You recognize recessions quite a bit after they have      started. Predicting economic circumstances is well nigh      impossible, in my judgment, at least with any degree of      reliability. And under those circumstances you can be well      into an economic downturn before you realize you have to deal      with it, and--  In Secretary Rubin's words--       I think that is one of the very serious problems that the      balanced budget amendment creates.  Why does it take time for us to recognize these recessions? The general working definition of a recession is that it is at least two consecutive quarters--a quarter being a 3-month period of time--of decline in real gross domestic product. It obviously takes 6 months to trigger this definition. So sometimes we have started into a recession moving below the line here, unemployment starting to show up and we do not see it. It is hidden to us until 3 months or 6 months later.  The more technical definition of recession also includes inherent lags. We have found that the decline in economic activity associated with a recession is not always widespread. Oftentimes it is confined to a sector of the economy or region of the country. We also find that sometimes these declines are cumulative in nature, not restricted to just 1 month or 1 quarter. Again, it takes time to measure these criteria.  So, as a general principle, what Secretary Rubin has said to us is we may not know we need to help until we are in the middle of our problem. There is a lag time, to accumulate and analyze data and recognize the decline that may have already started.  So how often do we face these recessions? Are they rare occurrences in the American economy? We have been blessed in recent years, but historically recessions occur very frequently. By the National Bureau of Economic Research's official determination, our Nation has experienced 9 recessions since World War II, 11 since the Great Depression of 1929 to 1933, and 21 recessions this century, which means that roughly every 5 years we will face this recession.  The balanced budget amendment does not assume that this is going to happen. It assumes it will not happen. And if Congress is going to respond to this occurrence, which we know has been fairly regular, it requires a supermajority for us to spend the money to stabilize the economy.  In part because of the economic stabilizers that are now part of our economy, the average length of recession since World War II has only been 11 months compared to 18 months in the previous half century.  A recession is not just an abstract economic concept. It is lost jobs, lost wages, personal and family financial crises.  The Federal Government has developed many mechanisms to deal with it. I have mentioned a few: Unemployment compensation, Medicaid applications, food stamps and so forth.  Let me tell you a story that I think illustrates this as well as any that I could tell you on the floor of the Senate. In my hometown of Springfield, IL, we were blessed for decades with manufacturing plants which created good jobs, good-paying jobs for men and women who would come to work with a strong back, a good work ethic, and usually little more than a high school diploma. One of those plants was known as the Fiat-Allis plant. It was a plant organized by the United Auto Workers, producing heavy equipment and producing great jobs for a lot of families and a great boost to the Springfield economy.  Over a decade ago that plant closed, and hundreds of workers who had relied on this plant were thrown out on the street. You can repeat the example and story I am about to describe in virtually every city in America. This happens all too frequently. Let me tell you about one friend of mine who had worked at Fiat-Allis for years. His name is Bob Bergen.  Bob saw it coming. He had heard a lot of talk about the plant closing down. So Bob decided that he would do something about it. He went to the community college before the plant closed down and started taking courses in heating and cooling, thinking about opening his own business, furnaces and air conditioners and the like. So, when the plant did close down, Bob had a short transition, but one that he planned, drawing some unemployment, some trade adjustment assistance, finishing up his course work at Lincoln Land Community College, and ultimately opening his own business.  It worked. Our investment in Bob Bergen and his family paid off. We cushioned the shock of unemployment. We gave Bob an avenue to follow toward a new course of livelihood, and he took it. Now he is in business. In fact, he put the furnace in my home just a few years ago and does a pretty goodjob now, and I am glad to call him a friend. His life and experience are illustrations of what I am talking about.  Imagine a recession closing down plants across this country and imagine this Congress, faced with the need to balance the budget to the dollar, being unable to provide unemployment compensation that Bob Bergen needed; being unable to provide the trade adjustment assistance that Bob Bergen used to keep his family together while he got his business started; being unable to provide job training, the scholarship assistance at community college, the things which people rely on in America to get back on track. If we are hidebound, tied to the provisions of this balanced budget amendment, and forget the Bob Bergens of the world and what it means to them, I think we have lost sight of our responsibility.  How much of a difference do these economic stabilizers make to our economy? Secretary Rubin testified, if you want to look at this in a larger context, ``Without automatic stabilizers, the Treasury Department has estimated that unemployment in 1992 that resulted from the 1990 recession might have hit 9 percent instead of 7.7 percent.'' Statistics aside, Secretary Rubin tells us that would have meant 1 million more Americans out of work. We would have had 1 million more unemployed Americans, 1 million more families pushed to the economic precipice if our economic stabilizers had not been there.  These recessions also tend to be regional in nature. Proponents of the underlying balanced budget amendment argue that it contains an escape hatch that allows a waiver of its provisions by a supermajority vote of three-fifths of both Houses of Congress. But mustering a three-fifths vote is not always an easy matter. Millions of working families in America might have to suffer if we cannot come up with 60 percent on a vote to waive the balanced budget requirements in times of recession.  I recall, and I think most do as well, what happened not that long ago, in fact, just 2 years ago, when we were called upon in Congress to pass a debt limit, a debt limit which said we put our full faith and credit as a government behind the debt of the United States. It took only a majority vote to do that, and we could not bring it together. As a consequence, we faced some of the most serious shutdowns in our Nation's history. The Government shutdowns that occurred, two successive shutdowns, literally sent thousands of Federal workers off the job. The Government shut down not once but twice, a total of 27 days. The Office of Management and Budget has estimated that the overall cost of the shutdowns was more than $1.4 billion. America knew it. More than 750,000 Federal workers were affected, some during the Christmas and Hanukkah season, including more than 250,000 who were furloughed.  During that period of the Government shutdown, 170,000 veterans did not receive their GI bill education benefits on time, 200,000 passports were not processed, more than 2 million people could not visit the Smithsonian museums and other facilities in the Washington area, and 7 million people could not visit their national parks. Mr. President, 1,300 workplace safety complaints went unanswered and 3,500 investigations involving pension, health, and other employee benefit plans were suspended. Delays were created in 250,000 cases trying to find deadbeat dads who were delinquent in their child support payments, and cleanup of hundreds of Superfund sites was delayed. All of this happened because we could not muster a majority, a majority vote, let alone a supermajority.  This balanced budget amendment will enshrine in our Constitution the requirement of a three-fifths vote in times of an economic recession to come to the rescue of American families. For those who think this is an easy requirement, it is rare in our Constitution to have any supermajority requirement and it certainly should not be imposed on people who, through no fault of their own, are victims of this economy.  My amendment brings the supermajority requirement of three-fifths down to a majority requirement. I think that is reasonable. It is still not going to be easy. Each and every person, whether a Member of the House or the Senate, must stand and justify that vote in terms of a recession, a national economic emergency, something that justifies slipping away from the balanced budget requirement that year.  I think we have to maintain flexibility to respond to recessions, disasters, and other economic emergencies in a timely fashion. I do not think we have to say, ``I'm sorry, Mr. Bergen, I am sorry you have been laid off, but because of the balanced budget amendment, we are not going to be able to make the payments to you for your unemployment because we just have to balance the budget. We cannot help you when it comes to food stamps, we have run out of money. We cannot help your family when it comes to job training or Medicaid.''  Think about that for a second. Is that fair to people we represent? Is that fair to this economy? Will it, in fact, result in these spikes going lower instead of moderating, as we have seen, as these stabilizers have been put in place? That, unfortunately, might be the verdict for Bob Bergen and others like him if this supermajority requirement allows 41 Senators or 175 Representatives to prevent a response that involves deficit spending.  Our Founding Fathers established only a few circumstances where supermajorities would be necessary for Federal action. We should not adopt a new supermajority requirement that prevents us from helping our most vulnerable and neediest citizens in times of recession or other serious economic emergencies.  For all these reasons, I am offering an amendment to allow Congress to waive the requirements of the balanced budget amendment by a majority vote for a joint resolution in times of recession or serious economic emergency. My amendment will ensure that Congress can continue to respond to recessions and other serious economic emergencies with fiscal policies that will alleviate the pain of recession and shorten its duration rather than driving us deeper into economic stagnation.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  