President, today I am introducing America's Red Rock Wilderness Act to protect an important part of our Nation's natural heritage. America's Red Rock Wilderness Act designates 5.7 million acres of the 22 million acres of public, Bureau of Land Management (BLM) lands in Southern Utah as wilderness.  Passage of America's Red Rock Wilderness Act is essential to protect a national treasure for future generations of Americans. A companion bill, H.R. 1500, has been introduced in the House by Representative Maurice Hinchey with over 100 original cosponsors.  America's Red Rock Wilderness Act will protect 5.7 million acres of magnificent canyons, red rock cliffs and rock formations which are unlike any on Earth. The lands included in this legislation contain steep slick rock canyons, high cliffs offering spectacular vistas of rare rock formations, important archeological sites and rare plant and animal species. Each year, almost 8 million people from across the United States and the world visit these lands to see a part of their natural heritage and experience the beauty and solitude of this wilderness area.  However, these fragile, scenic lands are threatened by oil, gas and mining interests which are willing to sacrifice these lands for short-term economic gain. These wilderness areas are also threatened by off-road vehicle use and proposals to construct roads, communication towers, transmission lines, and dams.  Because of flaws in the original wilderness inventory conducted by BLM during the Reagan administration, only 3.2 million acres in southern Utah are currently protected as wilderness study areas. The wilderness areas included in America's Red Rock Wilderness Act are based on a careful assessment of BLM lands which meet the criteria for wilderness designation by citizen groups that form the Utah Wilderness Coalition. Unlike other proposals, this legislation does not include special interest exemptions that would undermine the integrity of the 1964 Wilderness Act.  America's Red Rock Wilderness Act is supported by a broad coalition of environmental organizations and citizen groups. In a national survey conducted by USA Today, over 90 percent of the respondents supported the designation of 5.7 million acres in southern Utah as wilderness. Newspapers across the Nation have also editorialized in support of protecting America's Red Rock Wilderness Area.  Theodore Roosevelt once stated that, ``The Nation behaves well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased and not impaired in value.'' Because of the foresight of leaders like Theodore Roosevelt, national treasures such as the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone were preserved for all Americans. I urge my colleagues to join me in this effort to protect America's Red Rock Wilderness Area in southern Utah for future generations.  