President, I rise this evening to address an issue which is one that many of us have labored over for decades, the legacy of the Vietnam war.  So many people have said and written that the returning veterans did not receive the credit which they deserved for putting their lives on the line for our Nation. Regardless of the wisdom or popularity of that war, so many of those veterans came home and, frankly, found it difficult to start their lives again in America.  In this Congress of the United States about 12,000 men and women have served in the House of Representatives, and it is my understanding that 1,843 men and women have served in this U.S. Senate.  It was my good fortune to serve in the House before I came to the Senate and my better fortune to meet an extraordinary individual in the House of Representatives, a Vietnam veteran, who had an amazing story to tell. This colleague of mine in the House from the State of Florida, Pete Peterson, was an Air Force pilot in the Vietnam war. Pete served 27 years in the Air Force. He gave most of his adult life in service to his country. But the most amazing part of his service in Vietnam was not in an airplane in the clouds but on the ground. For 6\1/2\ years PetePeterson was a prisoner of war in Vietnam.  He is a very soft-spoken and friendly person. He hardly ever brings up the subject about his military service. But one day over lunch, I said, ``Pete, if you are not uncomfortable to talk about it, tell us what you remember about those 6\1/2\ years.'' For the next hour Pete spoke and answered our questions from his colleagues in the House. I will tell you that my memory of that conversation will be with me for the rest of my life. To try for a moment to envision or imagine what it must have been like to spend 6\1/2\ years in a prison camp in North Vietnam is almost beyond any of us. He talked about the deprivations, physical and mental, and how he managed to survive.  Pete is not one to boast about it. He is not alone in having gone through that experience. Our colleague from Arizona, Senator John McCain, had a similar experience as prisoner of war in Vietnam. I have not spoken to my colleague, John McCain about it. But I read about it in a book published recently entitled ``The Nightingale Song,'' which told the history and the story of others who went through that experience.  The interesting thing about Pete Peterson is that he came out of that experience, went to work in Florida, and decided that there was more to give to this country. So he ran for the U.S. House of Representatives and was elected.  Then in April of last year President Clinton turned to then Congressman Pete Peterson and asked him to undertake what was a major responsibility, to serve as the first U.S. Ambassador to Vietnam. It was a controversial posting. Some in this body and others really questioned whether or not we should have diplomatic relations. But many, like Pete Peterson and John McCain, believe that we have reached that moment in history where the best thing for both of our countries is to have diplomatic relations. I thought the President made a wise choice.  Those who watched the program 60 Minutes which was on last Sunday night may have seen the segment about Pete Peterson, once a downed pilot in a rice paddy in Vietnam, pushed away into a prison camp for 6\1/2\ years, now with the opportunity to return as the Ambassador from the United States of America to Vietnam and, I am certain, to return to that same village and meet the people who held him at bay and pushed him into that prisoner-of-war camp.  So Pete Peterson's name was put up and suggested, and the reaction was positive. People said what a fitting choice to take someone who has been through this life experience, who has endured this time as a prisoner of war, and to ask him to serve as our Ambassador in Vietnam.  Of course, his name was submitted to the Senate at that point for confirmation. Some problems arose and questions about whether or not as a sitting Congressman he could be appointed to a post that was created during his term in office. But after all was said and done, his name was resubmitted this year in January, and he received a favorable hearing in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In fact, his sponsors at his hearing included not only his home State Senator, Senator Graham of Florida, but also Senator John McCain, a man from the opposite side of the aisle who identified with Pete's experience and said that he would be an excellent choice as the Ambassador to Vietnam.  So we come this evening to the Chamber in the hopes that we can make it clear that his name, Pete Peterson's name, will come before this Senate for consideration and, I hope, confirmation in the very near future.  The majority leader, Senator Lott, and I had a conversation on this subject earlier in the day. He was kind enough to return to the Chamber for this moment to speak to this issue. I thank my colleague for doing that. I will at this point yield the floor so the Senator from Mississippi may make comments on this confirmation of Pete Peterson.  