I don't believe that is an overstatement. This bill addresses the future of the Food and Drug Administration, an agency which we literally entrust with the safety and efficacy of thousands of drugs and prescriptions which we keep in our home and give to members of our family.  This agency has to be above reproach, it has to be efficient and responsible. This amendment No. 1140 that I am offering is an attempt to make certain that the integrity of the Food and Drug Administration is not compromised by this bill. I think overall this is a good bill. There are some areas Senator Kennedy and I and others feel need to be addressed. But the one part of this bill that I address with this amendment is one of great concern.  We are now going to say that we will take outside of this Federal agency, outside of the Food and Drug Administration, the review of medical devices. We will say to third parties, which are hired for the purpose of making these reviews, that they will decide whether or not a medical device is safe for the American people and whether it's effective; and having made that decision,that company will then have an opportunity to sell that device across America. We as consumers will believe, as we should, that we can trust that judgment.  The purpose of amendment No. 1140 is to address the question of whether or not the third-party reviewers are credible. This bill dramatically expands the ability of medical device companies to purchase their own third-party reviewers. Senators Feingold and Johnson and I are offering this amendment so that it's clear that it's only reviews and not approvals themselves that can be bought under this system.  Up to 60 percent of medical devices going through the premarket notification process could utilize the outside reviewing system. A program of this magnitude will not permit the same level of close monitoring and oversight by the FDA as is currently undertaken. There are fewer than 10 firms that are credited for this purpose. That is why explicit anti-conflict-of-interest standards need to be laid out in the law. We should not cut corners when it comes to the question of conflict of interest. If we are going to give to these companies the authority to review and approve medical devices to be used across America, let us have no question that they are doing it in a professional way.  The Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan, nonprofit Government watchdog group, described the bill's provisions in this area as grossly inadequate, and the Government Accountability Project, which is another watchdog group, described the current FDA regulations for their pilot program as ``inadequate to guard against conflict of interest.'' Both groups, along with a long list of consumer and patient groups, urge the Senate to adopt this Durbin amendment.  Given the importance to the public of keeping the approval process untainted by monetary influence, we must ensure that there are strict anti-conflict-of-interest standards for product reviews.  Only the vaguest language possible on the issue of preventing conflicts of interest is currently contained within the bill. Let me tell you what it says on page 16:       The Secretary shall adopt methods of accreditation that      ensure that entities or individuals who conduct reviews and      make recommendations under this section are qualified,      properly trained, knowledgeable about handling confidential      documents and information and free of conflicts of interest.  Nowhere does the bill mention what we mean by ``free of conflicts of interest.'' What are the standards that we will use? No reference point is given for a basic minimum that would satisfy and ensure unbiased review.  Senator Harkin was successful in adding language that allows the FDA to look at contractual arrangements between an outside reviewing laboratory or entity and the company whose product is being reviewed. We would like to go a step further and add more protections against approval peddling.  FDA employees themselves are subject to a wide range of anti-conflict-of-interest regulations. This amendment seeks to establish basic requirements, and it is very simple. It merely asks that outside reviewers not be allowed to have a financial interest in the company they review.  Think about what I just said. The outside reviewer, which will decide whether a medical device should go on the market, should not have a financial interest in the company that he is reviewing. That seems rather simple to me. Nor should they be allowed to receive gifts from a company that has products being reviewed, and they should not be actively looking for a job with that company while they are in the process of making their review. No gifts, no job offers, no stocks. It seems simple.  It is amazing to me that we are arguing over this provision. I would have thought this would have been accepted long ago by the majority. But instead, there is a fight as to whether or not we are going to demand the highest level of integrity and honesty when it comes to these third-party reviewers.  Let me tell you why this is critically important. The approval by the FDA of a device can have a dramatic positive or negative economic impact on a company. If the FDA rejects a device and doesn't approve it, a stock can languish for months, if not years. If the FDA approval goes through, it is the seal of approval, and that company knows that there is money to be made.  Look at this chart indicating what happened in four different instances with medical device companies when there was an FDA approval. QLT Phototherapeutics, Inc. Look at how the stock shot right up with FDA approval. ATL Ultrasound. After FDA approval, it skyrockets. Thoratec Laboratories Corp., the same story; the stock is moving along slowly, and then, after FDA approval, it climbs dramatically, 50 or 60 percent in 1 day. It was the same thing with Integra LifeSciences Corp.  What we are trying to say is, the people making the decision on behalf of us, as consumers, should make that decision without any concern about the bottom line of that company. Would you think twice about giving to a reviewer the decision to approve a product if you knew that reviewer owned a thousand shares of the company that made the product? I think most of us would. What if that reviewer and his family had just come back from a Caribbean vacation, paid for by the company that submits the medical device for approval, or if that reviewer happens to have sent his resume to that company a week before, saying, ``I would like to have a job with you and, incidentally, I am working on your FDA approval,'' with a wink and a nod? That doesn't make me feel any better about what we are dealing with here.  The Durbin amendment basically says, let's get rid of the doubt as to whether or not people are going to use the highest professional standards. We should not cut corners here when it comes to conflicts of interest, when it comes to these outside laboratories. We have to demand the highest standards of professionalism.  Time and again, companies have been shown to make dramatic profits with FDA approval. Dr. Kessler, a former head of the FDA, said, ``Make no mistake, they talk a lot about approvals in Europe and in other countries. They can be lucrative, they can be profitable. But if you can get the approval of the Food and Drug Administration of the United States of America, it is a seal of approval recognized worldwide. The product you are trying to sell becomes a winner overnight.'' Shouldn't the people making the decision as to whether or not this product is safe and efficacious be doing it on the basis of science, rather than on the question of their own financial interest?  The medical device industry produces over $50 billion annually in sales. In fact, in a recent article in Medical Economics entitled ``Why Medical Stocks Belong in Your Portfolio,'' the medical device industry was described as ``a hot market that's only getting hotter.'' It doesn't take much imagination to see why we would not want to allow a reviewer to have stocks in the company they were reviewing. The connection between FDA approval and stock gain is just too clear. The money stakes are high for investors; however, the stakes are even higher for the patients who rely on these devices.  The approval of an unsafe drug or device can have a devastating impact. Doctors, hospitals, nurses, and families rely on these decisions. If a corner is cut, if this reviewer has a financial interest and decides, well, I am just going to tip it a little bit toward my own stock portfolio here, the losers ultimately are the innocent people. Reviews must be of the most stringent nature and must be carried out without any outside corrupting influence.  Surely, it is not too much to ask that a reviewer be prevented from accepting a gift or a loan from a company that he or she is reviewing. I can't imagine we are debating this. Should we allow the reviewer to take a gift from the company he is reviewing? That is an obvious conflict of interest and one that we can address explicitly. The language in the bill, unfortunately, is loaded with ``weasel'' words--weasel words about what a conflict of interest might be. We should make it crystal clear. It would give this bill more stature. It is an important bill and it should have that.  Furthermore, a reviewer or their spouse or minor child should not be allowed to have a financial interest in the company being reviewed. That means owning stock or a mutual fund that has more than 10 percent invested in the company. This is all laid out in subpart H of the regulations that we refer to in our amendment. A final restriction that we are asking for is thatthe reviewer may not be actively soliciting future employment within the company they are reviewing.  Our amendment, which sets out guidelines to prevent tainted reviews, allows the Secretary to modify such guidelines where it would be appropriate for outside reviewers.  Therefore, if any provision included in these regulations would clearly not apply or not be appropriate, the Secretary can modify it. We have that flexibility built into our amendment.  I have heard some of my colleagues argue for more flexibility. I believe our amendment gives enough. It sets out specific standards. I challenge any of my colleagues to suggest that a gift ban or a financial interest ban would be unreasonable. It would be a sad day in America if reviewers expect a gift, or a job offer, or some other financial gain in order to review a medical device and, worse, that we were not willing to categorically repudiate a potential for such ``approval peddling.''  This industry and their products are too important to the American people. These are literally life-and-death products. We should take a firm stand and specifically enumerate these basic standards within this legislation to prevent even the potential for the corruption of this process.  Madam President, I yield the remainder of my time on this amendment.  