President, I would like to address the motion pending before the Senate at this time on the FDA reform bill.  I have listened very, very closely to the statements by my colleague and friend, the Senator from Indiana. I note that his comments are heartfelt about a very important agency. The Food and Drug Administration is by Federal standards a small agency. The annual appropriations is in the range of $1 billion, and by the standards of Washington, DC, it might be ignored by many. But those of us who are familiar with the important mission of the Food and Drug Administration, those of us who have worked closely with that agency and with its Commissioners over the years, and in my particular case, those of us who have had the opportunity to literally fund this agency through the Appropriations Committee of the House, understand the critical importance of this agency. Though its resources and budget may be small by Washington standards, its responsibilities are immense. There is not an American living who is not touched by the work of the FDA. They regulate things as diverse as the radar guns used by police, microwave ovens used in airplanes, and virtually all of the drugs and medical devices for sale in the United States. We count on them every day. And they are an agency, as you can tell from the previous Senator's remarks, which is not above criticism. This is an agency which has a very difficult mission. On the one hand, a person who is ill seeking a new drug or medical device wants the FDA to issue approval as quickly as possible. That is a natural reaction.  By the same token, a company with a drug or a medical device which they want to see approved is anxious for the FDA to give approval as quickly as possible. The FDA approval on a drug or medical device is better than any Good Housekeeping seal of approval. It is literally a ticket for sales, confident sales, worldwide. Once the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Federal Government gives its approval, you know that your medical device or your prescription drug is going to have an opportunity for a worldwide market because that approval means something.  There is another side to this ledger. The Food and Drug Administration, with the pressure to approve drugs and medical devices by not only consumers but also by manufacturers, also has an awesome responsibility to make sure that those approvals are done in the right way, so that the American consumers know that what they purchase is safe and effective.  Those are the two criteria. So the scientists and those working at the FDA put in long hours, days, weeks, months, sometimes years, to make certain that a product, before it goes on the market in the United States, is safe. While they are in the process of evaluating, there are people on the sidelines saying, what is taking so long? Why hasn't this agency moved to approve this drug or this medical device?  I have been frustrated myself when people in my old congressional district or in my State have come forward and said, it has taken months, sometimes years; why don't we have the FDA's final approval? I am sure some of that may be associated with bureaucratic slowdown, and if this bill addressesthat, then I think it is a very important step forward. But do not minimize the fact that many times the evaluations by the Food and Drug Administration are careful reviews of clinical trials to make sure, before a drug or device is released in America, it is safe and effective. Not a single one of us would want to take a drug prescribed by a doctor uncertain as to whether or not it was safe. No one would want to do that. The Food and Drug Administration tries to give us that confidence.  There has been a reference made earlier to Dr. David Kessler, the last Administrator of the Food and Drug Administration. The previous speaker obviously shares a different opinion than some about Dr. Kessler's performance and contribution. I think he is one of the most extraordinary public servants I ever had the opportunity to work with. The only holdover from the Bush administration, Dr. Kessler was reappointed by President Clinton and I think did an exceptional job. Of course, we are kindred spirits on the tobacco issue, but beyond that I think his job at the Food and Drug Administration will set an example that others will have to try to emulate, and they will find it difficult to do so. I am sorry we lost him, but he gave so many good years of service to the Federal Government we can be thankful he did.  Let me also say that this is an agency which has fallen under criticism politically. When the Republican control of the House occurred after the 1994 election, I was amazed that one of the first lines of attack by Speaker Newt Gingrich was on the Food and Drug Administration. He made arguments, many of which you have heard this morning, that this agency was stopping those devices which would save lives, this agency was stopping the approval of drugs which would save lives. And he went on at great length about how they were going to dismantle the Food and Drug Administration, literally to turn out the lights at this agency.  Thank God that didn't occur; saner minds prevailed, came forward and said that would be a serious mistake. A lot of the references to a more responsible approach came from the same industries that are regulated by the FDA. They realized that when you drop your guard, when you get into a no-holds-barred strategy when it comes to the approval of drugs and medical devices, the reputable companies will be the first to lose when consumer confidence is destroyed.  Let me give you three examples of what I have seen in a short period of time, of the work of the Food and Drug Administration. Some of these are forgotten, and they should not be.  There was a counterfeit infant formula on the market that was discovered by the Food and Drug Administration. It turned out that some group of individuals had decided to take one of the most popular brands of infant formula in the United States and to literally copy its label and to put contents in a can and sell them as if it was the product that it was advertised to be. In fact, it wasn't. It was a phony. Luckily, the FDA caught them and in catching them stopped the sale of this infant formula product which was grossly deficient, which if it had been given to infants across America could have caused serious health problems. The Food and Drug Administration was vigilant, caught them and stopped them.  Let me make reference to one that most people remember. It was only a few years ago that they discovered these syringes in Diet Pepsi cans. Oh, every nightly newscast told us about this discovery. What did it mean in the wake of the AIDS crisis to find a hypodermic syringe in a can of soda? Well, luckily the Food and Drug Administration stepped in and determined that this was only an isolated example and a hoax. It was important for the consumers across America, but it was equally important for Pepsi Cola. Their stock had plummeted when this occurred. But the Food and Drug Administration stepped in and said this is something the consumers do not have to worry about. We have it under control. And because they have the respect of the American people, the product went back on the market without a problem and the stock resumed its climb. I think it is important for us to make sure that we talk about what this agency brings to us.  I also took a trip to the State of Massachusetts, to review the Food and Drug Administration programs there, in particular, to review one particular company that was making heart catheters. Most people are familiar with them. Those who are not should know that they are tiny little threaded lines that the surgeon will insert in your body and then it will course through your veins to your heart, and they can literally take samples as well as photographs of the interior of our bodies--a critically important medical device. Yet, as it turns out, this company was making defective heart catheters that literally broke off inside people's bodies and then, of course, surgery was necessary to remove them. That is the type of thing the Food and Drug Administration must be constantly vigilant to watch out for and to protect us against.  I could go on--and I will not--for hours about what the Food and Drug Administration does and how important it is when we reform this agency to remember their enormous responsibility to consumers across America.  I agree with my colleague, Senator Kennedy, that there are portions of this bill that should be reviewed and I hope changed during the course of the floor debate. I think it is wrong for us to remove from the States the authority to review cosmetics and to put warning labels on them, if a State decides it is in the best interest of its citizens. We do not have sufficient personnel at the FDA right now in the Cosmetic Section to take responsibility for complete Federal oversight of this large industry. Senator Kennedy has made a compelling argument that we should allow the States to continue to have this authority, to put those provisions in place which will protect the health and safety of consumers.  I have three amendments which I am going to offer, and I hope that they will be amendments approved on a bipartisan basis. One seeks to reverse an area of this bill which I am afraid will weaken the strong safety protections put in place by the Safe Medical Device Act of 1990. Many of us remember the tragedy resulting from the Bjork-Shiley heart valve failure. Extensive congressional hearings were held in the late 1980's examining what had gone wrong and how we might prevent future repeats of those terrible deaths when this heart valve failed.  In the United States alone, over 300 people died because this defective medical device was implanted. Worldwide, almost 1,000 people have died as a result of fractures in this valve once it was put in place. After it was concluded these heart valves were defective, over 50 percent of the patients with these heart valves in their bodies could not be located. One widow testified before Congress about how her husband had a heart valve, suffered chest pains and the couple had no idea that it was because of the defective heart valve. They had not heard about it. They had not been notified. They lived at the time equidistant between two hospitals, only one of which was capable of performing open heart surgery. They made a mistake; they went to the other hospital. Her husband died. She didn't realize that he might need open heart surgery because the heart valve in his body was defective.  The Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 set up a system for mandatory tracking of these high-risk devices so that if problems were found, the patients with the devices could be located and notified. That is a basic protection.  There are only 17 types of devices that require mandatory tracking. They are all extremely high-risk medical devices--heart valves; pacemakers; vascular stents; jaw, shoulder, hip joint replacements; windpipe prostheses; breathing monitors and ventilators.  It is hard to imagine the tracking of such high-risk devices could ever be made optional, and yet that is exactly what this bill does. The FDA has already complained that they find it extremely difficult to enforce this provision, and yet instead of helping them with enforcement, this bill weakens their ability further by making tracking discretionary.  Isn't it curious that automobile manufacturers are required to have a tracking system so that if a safety problem is identified with your car's model, they know where to find you. It seems unthinkable to have a lower standard of consumer protection for a pacemaker or a ventilator as compared to a seat belt.  The second aspect is surveillance. This is a key part of this Safe Medical Device Act which this bill undermines. The mandatory surveillance program of high risk medical devices is especially important for consumers. These surveillance programs are important for the early detection of potential problems with medical devices. In some cases the initial breakage of a device may not cause instantaneous harm. For example, in the case of Telectronics' heart pacemaker J leads, which were found to be defective in 12 percent of the patients, breakages did not result in harm until the next bout of heart arhythmia. Surveillance of these leads identified problems in some patients. This led to the notification of patients with these leads of the need to have them checked. Such early detection and correction can prevent a health crisis.  Let me give you another example. Early detection, unfortunately, was not seen in the case of Teflon jaw implants made by Vitek in the 1980s. These implants, once put inside of a human being, were found to splinter and cause massive corrosion of jaws and skull due to the triggering of inflammation and other immune responses. By the time the patient suffered the pain, extensive damage had already been done. Many of these patients required complete resection and removal of their jaws, even some of their skulls exposing their brains.  Donna Fennema from Ames, IA, testified here late last year at an FDA hearing of how she needed 30 hours of critical major medical surgery to rectify her splintered jaw implant. She needed a rib graft to rebuild her jaw on both sides. To this day, she suffers pain from both her jaw and her rib cage. If a surveillance program had been in place prior to the Vitek jaw implant defect, many of these patients would have been able to have the implants removed prior to the deterioration of their physical conditions. This terrible tragedy that we have seen is one of the major catalysts, along with the Bjork-Shiley heart valve, for the passage of mandatory surveillance and tracking of implantable high-risk medical devices.  Yes, it is true that these programs of surveillance and tracking are burdensome to industry. Make no mistake about it. But the cost to society, the cost to each of us, the cost to American families of weakening them is far too high for us to be undermining them.  The second issue I would like to raise is one that is very typical and one that I have worked on for a long time. It is the issue of tobacco. I am concerned that section 404 of this bill, this FDA reform could undermine FDA's ability to regulate tobacco. This section attempts to limit FDA's ability to look at anything other than the manufacturer's label to determine the intended use of the product and to determine whether the product is safe and effective for this labeled use.  This section has much broader implication than just tobacco regulation. It provides a generally huge loophole through which device manufacturers can attempt to avoid FDA regulation through imaginative labeling. However, it is most worrisome for tobacco regulation given the long history of tobacco companies and their deception.  In the early seventies when there was a ban on TV advertising of tobacco products, the industry devised every imaginable way to circumvent this ban. They would purchase bill-board space at sport's events which were placed in such a manner and location, that they knew they would be televised during the sport's event. For example, they would purchase billboards behind homeplate of a baseball game or near the scoreboard. They would purchase racing cars with advertisements along their sides. No stone was left unturned, looking for ways around the ban.  Around the same time of the television ban on advertising of tobacco, the industry passed a voluntary code that none of them would use models that appeared to be under 21, and yet many of the models which were used could pass as high school students.  All this suggests to me at least that we do not want to jeopardize any type of tobacco settlement with this FDA reform bill. I suggest a very simple and straightforward fix, and I hope that the sponsors of the bill will consider it. It says as follows: Nothing in this entire bill shall be construed to alter any authority of the Secretary to regulate any tobacco product or any additive or ingredient of a tobacco product.  