President, I know the hour is late but the subject is very important and in a few moments I would like my colleagues to consider what this amendment would do. During the course of passing the welfare reform bill, we made many changes in many programs in an effort to move people from welfare to work. There were several aspects of that bill--even though I supported the bill in its entirety--there were several aspects of that bill which were troubling, not the least of which was the reduction in nutritional assistance for children in the United States. The purpose of this amendment is to correct what I consider to be a very serious error and a serious problem in this legislation, because with this amendment we will restore food stamps for the children of legal immigrants.  Keep in mind that I have said legal immigrants. These are children legally in the United States who are in poverty and have been denied the protection and sustenance of the Food Stamp Program. It is a significant problem nationwide. Over 4,000 immigrant children in Illinois have lost their food stamps because of this welfare reform bill; over 283,000 nationwide. According to the Food Research Action Council survey of families living below 185 percent of poverty, hungry children suffer from two to four times as many individual health problems such as frequent colds and headaches, fatigue, unwanted weight loss, inability to concentrate and so on.  These children--hungry children--are often absent from school. They can have a variety of medical problems arising from nutritional deficiencies, not the least of which is anemia. Hungry children are less likely to interact with other people, explore and learn from their surroundings, and it has a negative impact on the ability of children to learn. We should be focusing on healthy children in America, not hungry children in America.  This amendment seeks to correct that problem by giving to these children the basic protection of food stamps.  Just a month or so ago, I visited the Cook County Juvenile Detention Center, a facility which, unfortunately, is doing quite a large business in juvenile crime. I spoke to the psychologist at that center and asked him what traits these kids who committed crime had in common. I would like to focus on one which he said was very common, a learning disability, a neurological deficit.  I said, ``Where does that come from?''  He said it can come from improper prenatal nutrition, improper infant nutrition. These kids get a bad start, and with that bad start, they don't learn as well, they become frustrated, they fall behind, they become truant, they drop out, they become statistics, crime and welfare statistics which haunt us in this Chamber as we consider all of the ramifications of a child's failed life.  Many times we overlook the basics. I am happy that my colleagues tonight have addressed children's health. I think that is something that should be a given in America, that we provide basic health care protection to all children. But can we then argue that children should go hungry at the same time? The children that would be protected by this bill would now be qualifying for food stamps. In my State of Illinois, many of the soup kitchens and other food providers have experienced a dramatic increase in demand for services by children since enactment of the welfare reform bill.  The Reverend Gerald Wise of the First Presbyterian Church in Chicago recently came to tell me that the pantry at the First Presbyterian in the extremely distressed Woodlawn neighborhood and the Pine Avenue United Presbyterian Church in the Austin neighborhood are stretched beyond capacity.  Fifty-two percent of the cities participating in the U.S. Conference of Mayors' 1995 survey reported emergency food assistance facilities were unable to provide necessary resources, and that is before the welfare reform bill.  This amendment, which I have been joined in offering by Senator Wellstone and Senator Boxer, restores food stamp benefits to legal immigrant families with children 18 years and under. According to the CBO, it would cost the Treasury $750 million over 5 years.  We have established an offset in this bill from the administrative moneys being given to the Governors so that they can administer the new welfare reform bill, food stamps and other programs. Our amendment tries to ensure that Federal dollars are being used efficiently to make sure that direct benefits are given to needy children.  I am going to stop at this point, as I know some of my colleagues are waiting to offer an amendment and others have been here a long time. I hope tomorrow when this amendment comes to the floor that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join in a bipartisan spirit to help the children of legal immigrants. These children are likely to become naturalized citizens in America. We want them to be healthy, productive citizens, good students making this a better nation in which to live. If we are pennywise and pound foolish and cut these children short when it comes to one of the basic necessities of life, food itself, we may end up paying the price for decades and generations to come.  Let us do the right thing, the compassionate thing, yes, the American thing. Let us make sure that hungry children are provided for.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  