President, it may be of interest to note why we are here and what we are talking about. Nominally, we are here to consider Senate bill 543, an important piece of legislation and one which I cosponsored in a slightly different form as a Member of the House of Representatives. I commend the Senator for offering this. I think it is an important piece of legislation. I hope that we can have real debate on it and consider some amendments and enact legislation to certainly achieve the goals. They are worthy goals. People who volunteer to help organizations should not risk or fear liability for their acts, unless, of course, they are guilty of something which is wanton or criminal in nature. I think the Senator offers a good piece of legislation. I would like to see some changes, and I hope we reach that point.  The reason why we are not considering it, the reason why the Democrats have voted on two successive days to continue this debate has nothing to do with the bill directly. It relates to the appointment of a person to serve as Secretary of Labor. We feel this has been delayed for the wrong reasons. We hope the Republican majority will move on Ms. Herman's nomination very quickly. Unfortunately, your bill has become a captive in this negotiation.  The other measure that came up here today is one I would like to address for a moment, one that I feel an affinity to, the question of disaster assistance. In 1993, in my congressional district, in downstate Illinois, we were literally inundated by the Illinois and Mississippi Rivers, and it was awful. I feel very badly for families that are victimized by disasters. But I will tell you. Some disasters come and go very, very quickly. In the dead of night a tornado rips through a town, and by the next morning people are picking up the pieces, clearing the rubble, and planning for rebuilding. A fire rips through an area and people the next day are talking about demolition and reconstruction. But a flood lingers and lingers. Mr. President, 125,000 Americans are now homeless in North Dakota and Minnesota because of this flood. The pictures that I have seen make my experience in downstate Illinois almost pale in comparison. That is something I thought I would never see because the flood that we experienced was devastating.  It is really sad, though, as we consider the response of this Nation through our Government to this disaster, that we have seen other issues extraneous to the issue at hand really take center stage. I hope that the Appropriations Committee will think about the families that have been hurt, businesses destroyed, and the farms inundated when they markup this afternoon. Give us a clean disaster bill that will help these families. There are important issues to debate. But save those for another day. Let's really come to the rescue of the families of this Nation. Let's show compassion for these families.  I daresay there isn't a Senator in this body who could go up to North Dakota to one of shelters where these homeless people are now waiting and say, ``You have to understand. We can't help you out until we have a momentous debate on another issue.'' That would be a hard sell. I wouldn't want to have to do it. I hope that Members who have been spared in their own States and districts from this kind of disaster will try to commiserate with those of us who have been through it. It is time to think about those families, and this issue that is tying us up as to whether or not we will endure another Government shutdown. I pray that we will not. The decision about 2 years ago by the Republican majority to send a bill that they knew would be vetoed leading to the shutdown of the Government is a sad experience. I think all involved in that understand that today, and they want to avoid that in the future. That is a goal that I share.  I don't agree with the approach that is being used because the continuingresolution bill is a complete abdication of responsibility by the Members of the Senate. It was only a few weeks ago that Members came to this floor, and in very convincing and pious tones talked about amending the Constitution of the United States to require the Senate and the House to meet their obligation and their responsibility to balance the budget. We were about to amend the Constitution of the United States because we take that issue so seriously. It failed by one vote.  Despite all of the fervor and all of the commitment, where are we today? The Republican majority in the House and Senate has failed to meet its statutory obligation to produce a budget resolution which is a blueprint on how you will reach a balanced budget. That was supposed to have been done by April 15. Yet here we are weeks later without a budget resolution. Negotiations continue.  So now the proposal is that we will amend or add to the disaster bill this blueprint for balancing the budget. Excuse me. The people in North Dakota whose homes have been flooded, whose kids who are out of school sitting in homeless shelters, people who are drinking water out of cans because you can't use the water system--they are gone--folks that do not know what has happened to articles in their lives that have meant so much to them--it is a little hard to explain to them that we have a more important thing to worry about than the roof over their heads or the food that they are going to eat. We have, instead, to worry about this continuous debate about balancing the budget.  If the goal is to avoid shutting down the Government, I am about to offer a solution. It is one that I guarantee you will make certain that the Federal Government never shuts down again. It has two parts to it. The first part is this: No budget, no pay. If Members of House of Representatives fail to enact a budget, if Members of the Senate fail to enact a budget, they don't get paid. That will focus the attention of this Chamber and the House on getting its business done in a hurry.  There is a second part. I call this ``no dessert until you clean your plate.'' Have you ever heard of that one? You did while you were growing up. Mom and dad used to tell you that one all the time.  It is very simple. It merely says that the last appropriations bill to be enacted, the last spending bill to be enacted, would be the spending bill that covers this Chamber and the House of Representatives. So, if we fail to appropriate the money for the Department of Justice, or the Department of State, we know that the House and the Senate will not continue in business. ``No dessert until you clean your plate.'' Pass the spending bills for all the agencies of Government, and make ours the last one. And until all the others are enacted we cannot enact our own.  I will guarantee you all of the volumes of debate that we will hear about balancing the budget may lead to a good conclusion and a good ending--that we will finally see Members who have their paychecks on line, and who will realize that the operations of the House and Senate are on the line, decide, ``Yes, we had better pass the appropriations bill. Yes, we had better enact a balanced budget instead of a constitutional amendment, and get down to the business of passing bills.''  It is sad that this Appropriations Committee in the Senate will come back this afternoon and amend this disaster bill, and embroil these poor people--125,000 homeless people who have lost their homes because of this flood--in the middle of this political debate. They really deserve better. America deserves better.  We are a caring people. And the people in this Chamber--men and women alike, Democrats and Republicans--are caring people as well. Let us not sacrifice what is good about America, and what we are so proud of in the name of a political debate. Let us get down to the business of helping the flood victims, and then let us get down to the business of balancing the budget.  I thank my colleague for yielding this time. I am sure we will return to this bill in earnest very soon, and his patience will be rewarded.  I yield back my time.  