Another item I would like to address on which I will be offering an amendment that I hope Senator Jeffords will consider is that of removing any possible money taint of the external review process.  This bill expands the ability of medical device companies to purchase their own third-party reviewers. Given the importance to the public of the approval process remaining untainted by monetary influence, it is extremely important we ensure that there are very strict anticonflict of interest standards for product reviews.  In laymen's terms, if we are going to hire companies to review medical devices to determine whether or not they are safe enough for sale in America, devices such as the heart catheter that I mentioned earlier, we want to make certain that the reviewers are truly objective; that they do not have any conflict of interest or any monetary gain associated with what they are doing.  This bill, as currently drafted, has only very limited language on the issue of preventing conflict of interest. Senator Harkin was successful in addingsome strength to that language. His amendment which was accepted after the markup of this bill in committee, allows the FDA to look at the contractual arrangements between an outside reviewing entity and the company whose product is being reviewed.  FDA employees themselves are subject to a wide range of anticonflict of interest legislation for obvious reasons. If you are an employee at FDA, if you can purchase stock in the company of the device you are about to approve, you are in for a windfall. We don't want that to occur, and we certainly don't want it to occur when we talk about third-party reviewers.  Senator Feingold and I will be offering an amendment that would codify into law basic requirements for outside reviewers. We don't seek to impose all the FDA employee regulations on outside reviewers, merely the most appropriate. We would be happy to work with Senator Jeffords' staff to tailor these very basic requirements specifically to outside reviewers.  Our amendment is simple. It merely asks outside reviewers not be allowed to have a financial interest in a company that they review. It further demands that no outside reviewer may receive a gift from a company whose product they review. To monitor and prevent such activities, the amendment allows FDA to require financial disclosure.  It should be obvious to all of us why it is necessary.  The money stakes are certainly higher with respect to getting FDA approval. Every day we read of how the stock market soars for a company whose product has just received FDA approval. For instance, on May 7 this year, FDA announced approval for a laser system made by a company called Premier Laser Systems, Inc., that treats tooth decay painlessly. There is something we all would like to see. Within days of this approval, the company's stock price more than doubled, and for the first time since going public in 1995, Premier hit the top 10 in trading volume on Nasdaq, far surpassing even Microsoft 5 days in a row. That is what FDA approval means.  As we farm out this responsibility to third-party reviewers, it is important that they make decisions that are objective and honest.  Failure to get approval of a product can have the opposite effect. For example, recently an FDA panel voted 9 to 2 that FDA reject an approval for a heart laser made by a company known as PLC Systems. Trading in the stock had to be halted after this announcement. Shares of PLC had risen dramatically in recent weeks on the expectation of a more favorable result. FDA denial of approval shattered the stock's profitability.  The medical device industry produces over $50 billion annually in sales. In fact, a recent article in the journal Medical Economics, entitled ``Why Medical Stocks Belong in Your Portfolio,'' the medical device industry was described as ``a hot market that is only getting hotter.''  Not only are the money stakes high for investors, however, the stakes are also high for patients who have to rely on these devices.  Reviews must be of the most stringent nature and must be carried out without outside corrupting influences.  The approval of an unsafe drug or device, as I have already mentioned, can have a devastating impact. Surely, it is not too much to ask that a reviewer be prevented from accepting gifts or loans from a company they are reviewing and that they not be allowed to designate another person for acceptance of such a gift.  Furthermore, a reviewer or their spouse or minor child should not be allowed to have a financial interest in a company whose product they are reviewing. That seems basic and fundamental. I hope Senator Jeffords and others on the committees would consider agreeing to the Durbin-Feingold amendment. The products are too important to the American people. I believe we should take a firm stand and specifically enumerate basic standards within this legislation to prevent even the potential for corruption of this process.  Let me say, I was one of the five this morning who joined with Senator Kennedy in suggesting that this bill should be debated at length. I hope that some of the items that I have raised during the course of this debate will give Senator Jeffords and others an indication of my concern. But let me say also that I respect what Senator Jeffords and the committee has accomplished here. FDA reform is needed, and I think what you are setting out to do, to make it a more efficient process, is a very worthy goal.  I find most of this bill to be very positive, and I am anxious to support it. I hope that during the course of the debate on my amendments and others, we can rectify what I consider to be a handful--but only a handful--of very important items which still need to be debated. I hope to be able to vote for final passage of this bill, and I hope Senator Jeffords and others will be open to these amendments. They are offered in good faith, and I hope we can work together to resolve some of the concerns I have.  Let me close by saying that those who are critical of the FDA often pine for those countries overseas where it is so easy to get approval for drugs and medical devices. I recommend to some of them that on their next trip to Mexico that they drop into a pharmacy and look at what is for sale on the shelves of those Mexican pharmacies. You will find products that are openly advertised as being cures for cancer and AIDS. Many countries, which have a much easier process, have little integrity in that process. We want to maintain that integrity to make sure the American consumers know that they still are getting the very best. I yield back my time.  