President, first I thank the Senator from Nevada for yielding on this important amendment. It is interesting; if you ask the American people about the balanced budget amendment, they will say in overwhelming numbers it is a great idea. I have to balance my checkbook. Why shouldn't the Federal Government have to balance its books?  But then you say, well, what if in the process of balancing the books the Federal Government jeopardizes the Social Security trust fund? Whoa. Wait a minute. Let us think about this. The people who were overwhelmingly for the balanced budget amendment have second thoughts, as well they should.  The amendment offered by the Senator from Nevada addresses that very real concern. In our pursuit to balance the budget, let us not do it at the expense of Social Security. That is simple. The Senator from Nevada offers this amendment in good faith, asking Members on both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, to come together and agree on this basic premise: yes, we will balance the budget but not at the expense of Social Security.  Some would say this is a pretty simple proposition. Why are you debating this? Frankly, because there is a very serious difference of opinion, and it gets down to the fundamental flaw in this constitutional amendment. We are debating what is its greatest flaw, the failure of this measure to protect Social Security. The balanced budget amendment includes the Social Security trust fund in the calculation of whether the budget is in balance. That means it uses the Social Security trust fund to balance the rest of the Federal budget in the near term and prevents the proper use of the Social Security trust fund surplus to offset growing benefit payments in the long term. That is not the way to treat Social Security, a program which for 60 years has taken our parents and grandparents and their grandparents before them out of poverty into dignity. That is why I voted, and I will continue to vote, only for versions of the balanced budget amendment that protect Social Security by excluding the Social Security trust fund.  We hear a lot of witnesses. We have them come before us to talk about this balanced budget constitutional amendment, as well we should. I say to those listening, in 205 years of this Nation's history we have only amended that great document, the Constitution, 17 times. Let us be careful. Let us listen to the counsel of those who come to speak to us.  I was particularly struck by the testimony of one gentleman, called by my friend from Utah, the chairman of the committee, as a witness in favor of this balanced budget amendment. This gentleman was a Wall Street financier who holds a senior position in a major investment firm. He didn't see the issue of Social Security quite the same way that I do. He argued that excluding Social Security from the budget calculation--here are his words--``would be like going on a low-calorie diet but not counting chocolate.''  I was struck by that analogy, that this man decided that, in the scheme of life, in the scheme of things, in the scheme of those programs and those things that are important to American families, Social Security was like chocolate candy. For 43 million Americans, let me suggest, Social Security is not like candy. It is not a luxury; it is a necessity.  In my home State of Illinois, visit small-town America, find the widows living in town, the senior citizens living in the highrises, and ask them what Social Security means each month. You know what it means. If you have spoken to your parents and grandparents, you know it is the bread of life. It is what sustains so many people. For this witness, called by the majority, called by those who support the balanced budget amendment, to say that it is like chocolate candy really suggests to me that perhaps financiers, or Wall Street, see life a little differently than people who live on Main Street.  The balanced budget amendment before us--and let me get to the heart of this--includes the trust fund in the budget calculation. It invites cuts in Social Security to balance the budget. That has always been my fear: Down the line the economy goes bad, revenues are decreasing, people are paying fewer taxes because they are out of work, and as a consequence here we are, trying to figure out how are we going to balance this budget next year. We do not have enough money coming in because people are unemployed, for example. So where do we turn? Where is there money? This is serious business. We cannot turn around and raise taxes in a recession. It is not popular at any time; it is very unpopular in a recession. Where do you turn?  Lo and behold, where is the mother lode of Federal money? Open the door to the Social Security trust fund, billions of dollars being contributed to the fund today by those of us who are working, including Members of the Senate and House of Representatives, to build a balance so when the day comes that this Senator and those of like age turn up to ask for Social Security, the money will be there. Understood.  Future Congresses should not be allowed to raid the Social Security trust fund, take away the savings that we planned for the rainy day that we know is coming, and use it to balance the budget. That is why the Senator from Nevada offers his amendment. Let us play this game fair. Let us say to the American people, ``If you put the money in, in each of your paychecks, for Social Security in hopes it will be there for yourself, for your parents, that it be there.'' It seems so obvious.  Now let us take a look at Social Security in the long term. Those who want to include Social Security in the budget calculation argue that our proposal to protect Social Security would invite future Congresses to run deficits 32 years from now when the trust fund is exhausted. This concern is unfounded. Current law does not allow the Social Security trust fund to run a deficit. If the trust fund runs out of money, it cannot keep writing checks.  Second, Congress has never authorized the Social Security trust fund to run an extended deficit. For a temporary time, around 1982 when there was a pending bankruptcy in the fund, we got close to that proposition, but only for time enough to develop a bipartisan solution.  Third, the American people are not going to allow the Social Security trust fund to be depleted. This is the single most popular program in America today, not just for seniors but for their children. It gives peace of mind to me to know that my mother, 87 years old, who is living on railroad retirement, an analogous program to Social Security, has a monthly check coming in based on her having worked during the course of her life. And it means, for me and my children, less of a concern about her financial security.  We are not going to turn away from that. We are never going to walk away from that. We are not going to allow the Social Security trust fund to be depleted. But we are not going to stand still and allow this balanced budget amendment to create a raid on Social Security. That is why this amendment is being offered. It just stops me cold to hear those on the other side say, ``We'll never touch Social Security. Trust us.''  I trust the Senator on the floor. I am not sure I will trust his successor, or his successor's successor, who will be bound by this same constitutional amendment. I don't know who they will be. I don't know what they will face. But at a minimum, let us put in this great document, this Constitution, language which protects our values. The Reid amendment does that.  The Congressional Research Service is an interesting group because it's a professional organization, neither Democrat nor Republican. They are here to work for us, and if we have tough questions, we often turn to them to say, ``What's the honest answer here? Don't give me the spin from the Republican National Committee or the Democratic National Committee; give it right down the middle, black and white, as best you can determine.'' They recently identified a critical reason for supporting Senator Reid's amendment. ``The balanced budget amendment as currently drafted would prevent the proper use of the trust fund surplus to pay extra benefits that the baby boom generation will have earned but which will exceed revenues when they retire.''  Here is what it means. We are paying more in Social Security today, and have since 1983, than we need to pay out. As I said earlier, we are building up a surplus because we know down the line, when baby boomers like myself show up for their Social Security, we are going to have more people knocking on the window asking for checks than wage earners paying in. So we are building up a balance, we of this generation, which will inure to our benefit down the line. So this surplus is being built up in the Social Security trust fund. But, if you read this amendment to the Constitution closely, the amendment offered by the chairman of the committee, you will see there is a problem. The problem is you cannot spend that surplus out of the Social Security trust fund without making up for it somewhere else. That is a major flaw. Let me tell you what it means in practical terms.  Suppose I told you that a number of years from now you will face increasing expenses related to your retirement. You might decide to save up some money now so it will be available when that time comes. You might even decide to put the money in a special account in the bank and say, I am going to keep track of it and I am not going to touch it. I am going to need this when I retire.  Now suppose I told you when the day came and the expenses occurred, you were welcome to spend the money that you have personally saved but, one condition, in order to spend the first dollar out of your savings you have to cut a dollar out of your spending, a dollar that you would otherwise spend for food or clothing or rent or utilities.  You say, ``Wait a minute, why did I save all this money if when the time comes when I need it I have to cut other expenditures, dollar for dollar, to use it? That is no good. That is no savings. That does not help me.'' Let me say to my colleagues, that is exactly what is wrong with this amendment. This amendment says: In future generations, if we pass the balanced budget amendment and want to use the surplus in the Social Security trust fund, we can only do it if we cut other spending, balance it out.  Is this something that this Senator came up with? Is this something that the Democrats dreamed up, an interpretation of the balanced budget amendment? No. What I have just described to you comes directly from the Congressional Research Service. It is a fatal flaw in this balanced budget amendment.  You would think that those who would propose an amendment to the Constitution would be open to the possibility--the possibility--that what they want to put in that Constitution is not right and needs to be corrected and changed. But there has been resistance from the start to any amendments to this balanced budget amendment. These are the tablets of Moses, untouched by humans, brought to us, to this floor, to be accepted as is or else.  I don't like that approach when it comes to amending our Constitution. I certainly don't believe it is fair when we are dealing with the fate of 43 million Americans, and I don't believe that we should allow this flawed version of the balanced budget amendment to go forward.  I think the amendment offered by the Senator from Nevada, Senator Reid, makes good sense, and I would predict this: If those who are pushing for this balanced budget amendment would, for a moment, stop, count to 10, perhaps accept a little more humble approach to this whole debate and amend in the protection of the Social Security trust fund, they would find a lot of Members coming forward, Democrats and Republicans, who could support it. To date, they haven't done it. But hope springs eternal.  I will be voting for Senator Reid's amendment, and I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who value the importance of a Social Security trust fund to the American family will join us.  Thank you, Mr. President.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Kempthorne). Who yields time?  