President.  Mr. President, one of the most common questions asked of Members of the House and Senate at town meetings or in casual conversations across America is the following: ``Senator, if the Federal Government tells us that tobacco is so dangerous for Americans, why does the Federal Government continue to subsidize tobacco in America?  A variety of answers are given to that question. These answers reflect, in some ways, our wishes and, in some ways, misinformation, but the honest answer is, there is no answer. It is almost impossible to explain to America's taxpayers why we are subsidizing the growth of a product which we tell every American is dangerous when consumed.  How did we get in this predicament where we are subsidizing the growth and cultivation of tobacco in America? I would like to give a little history.  In the midst of the Great Depression in 1933, Congress responded to the plight of farmers facing declining prices by passing the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933. This was part of the New Deal legislation. When that legislation did not help halt the devastation spreading throughout the vast rural areas of our Nation, Congress in 1938 passed the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, and in that act, tobacco price support programs were born. The legislation also created farm programs for a wide variety of other crops.  Over the years since then, we have changed and, in effect, totally overturned those supply control programs for almost every crop. Only a few crops continue to enjoy a program that looks like the 1938 bill. One of those select crops is tobacco.  The Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 also created the Federal Crop Insurance Corp. By 1945, tobacco and a number of other program crops enjoyed Federal crop insurance to protect farmers from unexpected crop losses. The Crop Insurance Program has gone through many changes over the years. The modern version of the program began in 1981, with a major reorganization, which I was part of, in 1994.  This year, for a farmer who has a typical crop insurance policy covering up to 65 percent of the crop's anticipated revenue, the Federal Government, the taxpayers, will pay 41.7 percent of the total premium. That is the direct subsidy to the Crop Insurance Program. In addition, the administration of the program is subsidized.  Finally, if losses exceed what is anticipated, the Federal Government is, in fact, the insurance company of last resort, paying, for most crops, the difference. This subsidy may make sense for many crops. It helps bring some stability to the production of food and fiber that Americans rely on. But this is the most important element.  Tobacco is not like any other crop in America. Tobacco is neither food nor fiber. Tobacco is the only crop grown in America with a body count. It is time we consider the health effects of tobacco in deciding whether our Federal Government should continue to subsidize insurance for this crop.  How different is tobacco? The tobacco crops that receive Federal assistance are processed into cigarettes and smokeless spit tobacco products that kill more than 400,000 Americans every year of cancer, heart disease, and a variety of other illnesses. These products also disable hundreds of thousands of other Americans with emphysema and other respiratory illnesses.  Many of my colleagues will argue, ``Why do you single out tobacco? For goodness sakes, these farmers are growing crops just like other farmers.'' These are not crops like other crops. Tobacco is different. Every day, 3,000 children in America become regular smokers for the first time. During their lifetime, around 30 of these 3,000 kids will be murdered, around 60 will die in a car crash, and around 1,000 of these kids, one in three, will die of smoking-related diseases.  Supporters of the tobacco program will argue that cutting off Federal crop insurance isn't going to stop kids from smoking. Well, that is true, but the issue really goes beyond children and smoking. We have a product here that has no benefit to human health. None. Not even if used in moderation. Every other crop insured by the taxpayers of this Nation and subsidized by this Government offers benefits, nutrition, protein, calories, fiber, every other crop except tobacco.  We are talking here about a product that the owner of one of our Nation's cigarette companies finally admitted this week under oath is addictive. Bennett LeBow, owner of the Liggett Group, admitted--finally admitted--that smoking causes cancer, heart disease, emphysema, and smoking is addictive.  This is not a news flash for most Americans, but we all remember, with a sense of shame, the seven tobacco company executives testifying before the U.S. House of Representatives, standing under oath saying that their product was not addictive.  Well, we have come a long way. Because tobacco and the nicotine in tobacco is addictive, many tobacco users find it almost impossible to quit. They are then set on a path for life that often ends in death.  So the issue before us today is: Should the Federal Government be subsidizing this crop? Should we, with our tax dollars, subsidize tobacco?  Last year, the Government spent $97 million on a variety of taxpayer-supported tobacco subsidies. This chart illustrates the Federal tobacco subsidies. When my colleagues argue there is no Federal subsidy, they should consider the real evidence before us.  In 1993, Federal taxpayers gave $65 million of Federal tax money to the growers and cultivators of tobacco.  In 1994, the figure was $60 million.  In 1995, $51 million.  In 1996, $97 million.  And it is estimated this year that we will spend $67 million to subsidize tobacco. At a time when we are gripped in a national debate about the devastation this product causes, we continue, through our Federal Treasury, to send millions of dollars to the tobacco growers. At a time when we are cutting back on basic education and health programs in the name of balancing the budget, for some reason, we can find the wherewithal and the political strength to divert $67 million to the cultivation and growth of tobacco.  The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that the tobacco-related expenditures for the current fiscal year will be about $67 million. What does this consist of? Thirty-nine million dollars is for crop insurance losses; $9 million for crop insurance administration. That is a $48 million crop insurance subsidy for tobacco.  So that you understand, the tobacco growers pay premiums for crop insurance, and then when they have a bad year and they file their claims saying, ``Our crops didn't come in as we expected,'' the premiums they pay are insufficient to cover their losses. Any other insurance company would go out of business at that point. Not the Federal Government. We step in and say, ``Let's open the Treasury; let's make up the difference.''  This chart tries to demonstrate specifically, when it comes to crop insurance subsidies, what we have been paying, what the net crop insurance losses have been each year, and you will see that these losses are substantial.  The administration of the program is also expensive ranging from about $5.5 million a year to over $11 million a year, money paid by taxpayers to subsidize crop insurance for tobacco.  The Congressional Budget Office has produced an official estimate that ending access to the crop insurance program and the noninsured crop disaster assistance program for tobacco would save us at least--at least--$34 million for the next year, and beyond that perhaps even more.  I am offering this amendment today with my colleague, Republican Senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire. Tobacco issues have always been bipartisan issues, as they should be. Our amendment will prohibit the Federal Government from providing crop insurance for tobacco.  For consistency, the amendment also prohibits payments for tobacco under the noninsured disaster assistance program, a new, surrogate risk management program created in the 1996 farm bill.  Federal taxpayers paid around $80 million in net tobacco crop insurance costs in 1996, including premium subsidies and overhead administrative costs. These costs have exceeded $29 million in every year since fiscal year 1993.  There are all the speeches given by all of the Members of Congress of both political parties protesting what the tobacco companies are doing and how tobacco is devastating the American population, notwithstanding each year we fork over millions and millions of dollars to promote the product that causes all this death and disease.  Now, who supports our effort with this amendment? It has been endorsed by a wide variety of health groups and spending watchdog groups, including the Action on Smoking and Health, the American Cancer Society, the American Heart Association, the American Lung Association, Friends of the Earth, the National Center for Tobacco-Free Kids, Public Citizen, Taxpayers for Common Sense, and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group.  The most common response from the tobacco side is, ``You got it all wrong, Senator. You just don't understand. Tobacco pays its own way.'' The so-called no-net-cost program was for many years tobacco's defense whenever we would raise these issues. This program, the so-called no-net-cost tobacco price support program, is in fact the no-net-cost program by and large.  Our amendment does not touch the program, so this program will continue. Those farmers who can and want to participate in it will be allowed to do so, at their own expense, not at the taxpayers' expense.  In each of the last several years, the Department of Agriculture spending on tobacco-related programs has cost about $50 million.  We want to make certain that, as we get into this program, the facts are clear. There are some who will say, ``Why are you picking on tobacco? We insure a lot of crops in the United States.'' You know, that is a fact. Here is a list, a partial list--we think there may be some more--of about 67 crops that are covered by Federal crop insurance. They run the gamut from almonds to wheat. Corn, of course, is in there, and soybeans, and so many other products which are used by Americans nationwide. We have decided, as a nation, that for these 67 crops, we will provide crop insurance.  The defenders of tobacco crop insurance will say, ``Well, wait a minute. If you're going to provide crop insurance for all these crops, why don't you provide it for tobacco?'' I have tried to make the public health case here that tobacco is different. But just to put in perspective the fact that there are many things grown, cultivated and raised in America in the name of agriculture and aquaculture which are not insured, I would like to offer the following charts of crops not covered by Federal crop insurance.  Forgive me if I do not read them because, honestly, we do not have the time. But as you can see in chart after chart--I am going to run out of space here if I am not careful--chart after chart, we have lists of crops grown by farmers across the United States for which there is no crop insurance.  In fact, these farmers are on their own. If they should happen to be growing seeds, as we have in this one chart here, or shrubs, for that matter, and they have a bad year, there is a drought or a flood, it is their own luck, maybe their own bad luck.  The final chart here wraps it up. Trust me. There are about 1,600 different crops ranging all the way from watermelons to sod and shrubs and so many other things that are not insured by the Federal Government. Among the more than 1,000 commodities not eligible are honey, broccoli, watermelon, cantaloupes, squash, cherries, cucumbers, snow peas, even livestock for that matter.  Our crop insurance restriction does not single out tobacco for unique treatment. It says that tobacco will not be in that special category of 67 insured crops but will be in the other category of about 1,600 crops and other things raised by America's farmers and ranchers which are not protected, and I think for good reason.  There is also a complaint that I am hurting small tobacco farmers with this amendment. Not a single farmer will lose a job because of this bill. This legislation does not affect crop insurance policies for the current crop year. The legislation does not affect the tobacco price support program or Federal extension services. Farmers will still be eligible to participate in the program at their own expense and sell tobacco to their customers.  Tobacco farming--and we will hear a lot about small tobacco farmers eking out a living--is one of the most lucrative forms of agriculture in America. Gross receipts for tobacco are around $4,000 per acre. We will be told about little mom and pop operations scraping by for grocery money raising tobacco. I am sure that can be the case, but keep in mind that people who are growing tobacco are netting per acre substantially more than any other legal crop grown in America.  For an acre of corn, you are lucky to bring out gross receipts of $300 to $400; for tobacco, $4,000. For an acre of wheat, gross receipts of $200 or less; for tobacco, $4,000 per acre. Data from the USDA indicates that net receipts from an acre of tobacco averaged between $450 and $1,100 per acre. According to one of my colleagues, farmers can get $1,844 in net profit from a net acre of tobacco compared to $100 for soybeans.  The value of the Federal crop insurance subsidy to tobacco farmers averages less than $100 per acre. So the question is, if a farmer is going to get $1,800 in profit off tobacco per acre, will he go out of business with a new additional cost of $100? I think not.  Can farmers replace this insurance? There is the private insurance market that they can turn to. It is not offered now because the Federal Government subsidizes crop insurance for tobacco. But insurance companies have never shied away from potentially lucrative new markets. We do expect, though, that farmers will have to pay their own way. Tobacco farmers will have to pay premiums which will match their losses. But this amendment, in ending the Federal subsidy for tobacco crop insurance, does not end the opportunity to buy insurance.  There has been an argument made that this will hurt minority farmers who will not be able to get loans to grow tobacco if they do not have crop insurance. This amendment will merely put these tobacco farmers in the same position as all of the farmers who currently grow crops not covered by crop insurance. The private insurance market will be expected to step in and provide this insurance.  Furthermore, in May 1997, the USDA published a study of ``limited-resource farmers,'' which includes many minority farmers. According to this report:       Results of the research indicate that socially      disadvantaged, small, and limited-opportunity operators tend      not to purchase     crop insurance nor to participate in insurance-type programs      operated by the USDA.  Some will argue we should not be doing this today because there is a tobacco settlement that is being debated. This settlement, I hope, is going to be enacted this year. But it may not be this year, it may be next year, it may be even longer.  As currently written, the proposed settlement does not address the crop insurance issue or any other issues related to tobacco subsidies. The farmers were not at the table--and I am sure this will be pointed out by one of my colleagues--during this negotiation for the tobacco settlement.  This amendment is outside the scope of the proposed settlement, and we can address this issue separately without getting into the complex issues raised by the proposed settlement.  Another argument is this will open the floodgates for foreign tobacco if we do not continue to provide this Federal subsidy, that the domestic tobacco market will suffer and foreigners will come in to take their place.  This amendment will not put domestic tobacco farmers out of business. It will not significantly raise the price of tobacco, which makes only a small part of the cost of a pack of cigarettes. The value of tobacco in a pack of cigarettes is estimated to be 10 cents. You know what people pay for those things? Two, three dollars and more per pack. So there is no reason to expect tobacco companies to change in any way the amount of tobacco they purchase from U.S. farmers.  Furthermore, we currently have a tariff rate quota in place for tobacco which restricts the amount of tobacco that can be imported. Previous Congresses have already prohibited USDA funding for tobacco-related research and export assistance.  This legislation takes another important step to make our agricultural policies more consistent with our health policies regarding tobacco. I called this amendment for a vote last year in the House of Representatives, and it came within two votes of passage. It is my understanding it will be offered again this year. In 1992, however, the House voted 331-82 to add an amendment to the ag appropriations bill to prohibit the use of Market Promotion Program export assistance for tobacco. This amendment was accepted by the Senate and became law.  In 1993, the ag appropriations bill extended this policy to all export assistance programs. In 1994, the same bill extended the prohibition on tobacco assistance to USDA's research program.  This legislation adds crop insurance and noninsured crop disaster assistance to the list of programs for which tobacco assistance is excluded.  Mr. President, I know that this amendment is controversial. Every tobacco issue that I have raised in the House and the Senate has been controversial. But I believe this is the right thing to do. If we make this decision today, we will be able to go back to our States and districts and in good conscience say to the voters that we got the message, that we have on the one hand said that tobacco is dangerous for Americans and we have on the other hand said our subsidy will be ended.  Putting an end to this Federal subsidy for tobacco reflects the reality of the national debate today. I believe that this amendment which Senator Gregg and I have offered is a step in the right direction to make our tax policy and our subsidy policy consistent with our public health policy.  At this point I will yield for a question to my cosponsor of the amendment, Mr. Gregg, or if he would like to seek time on his own, I will yield back the floor.  