President, at this point I would like to address the amendment offered by Senator Kennedy to the balanced budget amendment.  I would like for those who are listening to this debate to consider a possible and likely scenario at some point in our Nation's future. Let us assume the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution passes and is ratified by the States and takes effect. In 1 year we find that the budget for the coming year is out of balance. A group of 48 Senators proposes an across-the-board cut to balance the budget. Another group of 41 Senators favors deeper cuts in military spending to spare education and safety net programs. And then a group of 11 Senators comes forward and opposes those plans and says let us have significant cuts in the growth of Medicare. None of the groups will budge. The fiscal year begins with a budget that is clearly out of balance. The group of 11 Senators goes to court asking the courts to compel compliance with the balanced budget constitutional amendment requirements that outlays not exceed revenues for any fiscal year.  One day you turn on the television, and you find the Supreme Court has listened to the briefs, has ordered Social Security, Medicare, highway funding, and medical research funding to be cut, and the Court has ordered an income tax increase of 1 percentage point for every group. The Court says the Constitution, as amended by the balanced budget amendment, clearly requires a balanced budget, and since Congress cannot act, the Court is required to step in.  If this sounds farfetched, think of what has happened in our history in the last several decades where courts have said that Congress has failed to meet its constitutional obligation and that the courts will step in and order, for example, integration of school districts and the imposition of local property taxes to equalize educational opportunity which the courts have decided is not being offered and should be.  The President, in my hypothetical, responds to this court order and says, I disagree with the Court requirement. I will assume the responsibility to balance the budget. The President says, I will impound funds. I will cut spending on certain programs so that the budget is in balance.  If this sounds farfetched, I think those who have offered the amendmenthave not considered the very real likelihood that it could occur. Our Constitution now gives Congress the primary authority to raise and spend Federal funds. James Madison wrote in ``The Federalist Papers,'' No. 48.       The legislative department alone has access to the pockets      of the people.  This proposed amendment would dramatically alter the balance of power in the Constitution, and this amendment is silent on the issue about whether or not the courts can interpret and enforce the balanced budget amendment. I daresay neither the courts nor the President will stand idly by if the budget is not in balance and this constitutional amendment is in place. In fact, most of the supporters of the balanced budget amendment readily concede this scenario.  A representative of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce testified before my Judiciary Committee. He said:       There is a legitimate and necessary role for the courts in      ensuring compliance with the amendment.  Someone from the National Taxpayers Union said:       We oppose denying judicial review authority and believe it      would be more difficult to enforce the provisions of this      resolution if Congress were to add such language to the      balanced budget amendment.  The same basic testimony coming from the ultraconservative Family Research Counsel.  It is not an unusual proposal of the Senator from Massachusetts that we specify the limits of power in interpreting the constitutional amendment and enforcing it. In fact, in 1994, Senator Danforth, a Republican, of Missouri, successfully modified the same amendment in the Chamber today including a proposal very similar to Senator Kennedy's. In 1995, the following year, Senator Nunn, a Democrat of Georgia, did the same. But the current version of this amendment contains neither of those provisions. I stand in support of Senator Kennedy's effort to once again include this sensible language.  The constitutional amendment eliminates the fundamental distinction which exists between the legislative branch, the executive branch and judicial branch. It invites unelected judges to exercise budgetary powers with no opportunity for the people through the ballot box to affect those decisions.  The President, of course, as I said, will not stand idly by either. He has a constitutional responsibility to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution. Just as the courts are loathe to avoid their constitutional mandate, mark well my words: No President will avoid it either. If this Congress is gridlocked, at an impasse with the budget not in balance, a President will step in and the President will make his decision as to where the cuts will be made. And that decision may not be the will of the Congress.  Legal scholars agree that what I have just described is not farfetched but likely to occur, and without Senator Kennedy's amendment it will occur. The President's powers of impoundment could include across-the-board cuts, specific programs abolished, and targeted expenditures intended for States or other agencies could be impounded. This has been acknowledged by those who have worked on budgetary matters in Washington for many years.  The Kennedy amendment acknowledges the fundamental ambiguities inherent in the balanced budget amendment's silence regarding enforcement powers of the courts and Presidents. It recognizes that budgetary decisions should be made by the elected representatives of the people, not by the unelected judges or single executive. It avoids a fundamental shift in the allocation of power and authority among the Federal branches of Government and assures that Members of Congress will remain responsible for spending and for balancing the budget. It achieves these important goals by specifying that Congress shall have exclusive authority to enforce the balanced budget amendment unless specifically otherwise provided in implementing legislation.  I am new to the Senate. This is the first time I have been engaged in this debate in the Senate. I find it incredible that the wisdom of this amendment was recognized in 1994, when offered by a Republican Senator from Missouri, and in 1995, when offered by a Democratic Senator from Georgia, and is not being included today as part of this amendment. The Senate today has an opportunity, through Senator Kennedy's initiative, to make a real difference and to correct this error, to make certain that it is clear we are not ceding a grant of power to either the executive branch or the judicial branch; we are accepting our responsibility to spell out with specificity the responsibility of Congress, the Senate and the House to balance the budget.  At this point, I yield back the remainder of my time. I thank the Chair.  