This year, for about the third year in succession, I did my own tax return. I do not know how many of my colleagues in the Senate and House do that. But I think it is a good educational experience. Perhaps we should pass a law that every Member of Congress should complete their own income tax returns. It might urge us on to reform the system and make it simpler so that families across America will have a little easier time of it in paying their taxes and meeting their responsibility to this Nation.  When it comes to responsibility, there is also a responsibility in this Senate Chamber. April 15 is another deadline. April 15 is a deadline for passing a budget resolution. By this time we are required by law to have passed a budget resolution and started the appropriations process.  I have been on Capitol Hill, I guess this is my 15th year, and I do not think I have ever seen happen what has happened this year because now April 15 will come and go without even so much as a real debate on a budget resolution. The President sent his version to Capitol Hill. I disagreed with some parts of it. But everyone had to concede that his approach to balancing the budget would in fact balance the budget. He met his obligation. He started the process. Of course, when it comes to Congress, that is not under the President's control, nor should it be. That is the control of the Republican leadership in the House and the Senate. The ball is on their side of the net. It is their time to put together a budget resolution and to spell out for the American people in very specific terms how can we reach a balanced budget.  Just a few weeks ago we spent 2 weeks, maybe 3, perhaps 4 weeks, in the Chamber here debating an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, an amendment which said Congress has no choice; it must balance the budget. I voted against it.  I did not think we needed to put into our Constitution an obligation which we all know we must accept. So many people on the other side, my friends on the Republican side, and a few Democrats stood up and said, ``No, no, no, we need to have a constitutional imperative to force us to act.'' Little did I know that just a few weeks later they would prove themselves true. The Republican leadership has been unable or unwilling to come forward with their offering about balancing the budget.  The other night at the radio/TV correspondents' dinner the President had an interesting observation about how slow the pace is on Capitol Hill and, frankly, how boring it becomes as we go in, week in and week out, in the House and Senate, without addressing the real issues. The President said that the pace on Capitol Hill is so slow that C-SPAN, the television network which covers our hearings, has decided to play reruns from the previous Congress so people will keep up their interest on Capitol Hill.  It is an amusing observation. I do not believe it is necessarily true, but it does reflect on the fact that for some reason we cannot get started up here this year. For some reason, Republican leadership has been unable to come forward with their offering for a budget resolution. Why would that be? Why would a party that is so dedicated to a constitutional amendment to force a balanced budget have such a difficult time meeting its statutory obligation to produce that budget resolution on the floor?  The answer is fairly obvious: Because they have set up certain conditions for a balanced budget which they themselves cannot meet. They have suggested we should include tax cuts in any kind of balanced budget scenario. Coming out for tax cuts on April 15 may be the most popular thing a politician can do. But let's be very honest about it, as Senator Dole learned in the last campaign, just promising a tax cut is not enough. The American people have to understand it is attainable, itis reasonable, it will not in fact blow up our efforts to balance the budget. I think that is the problem that the majority, the Republicans, face here--how to meet the obligation of satisfying all of their rhetoric about tax cuts and still meet their obligation to balance the budget. Unfortunately, it does not work.  They found 2 years ago when they were pushing a tax cut package even smaller than this one, they had reached such a crisis stage that we shut down the Government. We shut down the Government for the longest period of time in our Nation's history. That worries me, because I am afraid we may be on that same road again.  I have the Durbin plan for dealing with Government shutdowns. There are two parts to it. The first part is a piece of legislation which says, ``No dessert until you clean your plate.'' Remember when Mom and Dad used to say that? I think we ought to say that when it comes to the business of Congress. Here is what I am driving at. I do not believe that we should consider the appropriation to keep Congress running on Capitol Hill until every other appropriation bill is passed. So, if there is going to be a Government shutdown of any agency, it will necessarily also shut down Congress. I think that will focus our attention on the fact that we cannot abide by a Government shutdown or impose on innocent Federal employees that sort of scenario.  Second, the last time there was a shutdown under the leadership of the 104th Congress, three of us, I believe, in the House of Representatives said as long as the Government is shutting down, we are not going to take a paycheck, and we did not. If every other Member of the House and Senate would hew to the same standard, I will guarantee you will never see another Government shutdown.  But, now, where are we? Where are the Republicans headed? What is their plan for balancing the budget? Will they stick with this massive tax cut package they cannot pay for? Will they turn around and try to cut Medicare again, as deeply as they did last time? Will they make cuts in educational programs like college student loans? Will they cut environmental protection efforts, like toxic waste cleanup? I hope they are not on that course. But I do hope they are on the course of meeting their statutory obligation to produce a budget resolution, as they were required to under the law, today, April 15, tax day.  