President, I rise today to call upon my colleagues to support a bill to close the School of the Americas.  The School of the Americas is an institute that has outlived its usefulness and its purpose. SOA was established over 50 years ago. Its mission is to provide military education and training to military personnel of Central America, South America, and Caribbean countries. The training provided at the school in tactical intelligence, infantry tactics, combat skills, and battle planning was designed in accordance with U.S. strategy of a bygone era: to create a Latin and South American staging area to thwart the Communist threat. But times have changed and there is no longer a Soviet bloc threatening to attack the United States. Unfortunately, SOA has not successfully adapted to the great changes in the world since the 1992 breakup of the Soviet Union. Despite attempts made over the past couple of years to update the curriculum and improve the selection process for students and the quality of the teaching staff, SOA remains an anachronism.  In the post-cold-war era, we need to strengthen civilian institutions in Latin America and help these countries continue to reform their militaries. This region contains some of the most fragile democracies which need our support in encouraging democratically elected governments, the role of civilian institutions and economic stability. Our focus should be on supporting these nascent civilian governments and helping them shift authority away from their militaries.  I also believe the school should be closed because of its past links to numerous military personnel who have committed some of the most heinous crimes of recent memory. SOA graduates include: Panamanian dictator and drug dealer, Manuel Noriega; 19 Salvadoran soldiers linked to the 1989 murder of 6 Jesuit priests, their housekeeper and her daughter; El Salvador death squad leader, Roberto D'Aubuisson; Argentinian dictator, Leopoldo Galtieri; three of the five officers involved in the 1980 rape and murder of four United States churchwomen in El Salvador; and 10 of the 12 officers responsible for the murder of 900 civilians in the El Salvadoran village, El Mozote. These criminals, multiple murderers, and rapists are former students and graduates of the School of the Americas where they received their military and counterinsurgency training.  The U.S. military has readily admitted that these SOA graduates were guilty of these atrocities. These admissions are an embarrassment to the United States and to our reputation as a leader in promoting human rights throughout the world.  In addition, recently the Pentagon released the training manuals used atSOA from 1982 to 1991. These manuals contained instruction in torture and extortion techniques. These manuals are inconsistent with U.S. policy and democratic ideals. I am concerned that there might be other former students, trained with these manuals and guilty of human rights abuses but who have not as yet come to public attention.  Some have suggested that if SOA is revamped and reorganized that it could still serve a useful purpose. I disagree. SOA cannot be salvaged. Its reputation is too tarnished and its name is too closely linked to the assassins and rapists who were trained there. The United States cannot deny the human rights violations inflicted by the graduates of SOA. But, we still need to find a resolution for these terrible events. I believe that closing SOA is the only way to finally break with this chapter in U.S. history.  Our South American neighbors need to know that human rights and democratic values are held in high esteem in the United States. We are hampered in making this claim as long as the School of the Americas remains open. The continued funding of SOA does not fit into the United States long-term strategy for the Latin American region and undermines our credibility on human rights issues in this hemisphere. I call upon my colleagues to cosponsor this legislation and support the closure of the School of the Americas.  