President, let my say in conclusion, I was really captivated by this closing argument. Now the tobacco companies, after all these years of exploiting children, come in with this ``God bless Tiny Tim'' amendment which says if we can just stop these mendacious lawyers, we are going to find money for children's health research. I think the American people have seen through this before and will see through this amendment. There is no money in here for children's health research. The $368.5 billion settlement does not include attorneys' fees. So, any money saved, according to the Senator from Alabama, is not going to be there for us to appropriate to the National Institutes of Health.  No, I think this is window dressing on an amendment which is very clear. It is late in the ball game. The score is very heavy on the side of public health and very heavy against the tobacco companies. So, on the last play, as the quarterback or the State attorney general tries to down the ball, in come the tobacco boys trying to sack him. They are angry. They hate to lose and they hate to lose big, so they come in with this amendment, this amendment to get even with these plaintiff lawyers for having brought these lawsuits to try to limit any State attorney general's authority to regulate a fee.  I agree with others who have spoken. I am not sure this is constitutional, but it is certainly not fair. It is not fair at this moment in time to presume, on every attorney general who brought this lawsuit, that they were, in fact, making a bad bargain for the taxpayers of their State. I think they should be held accountable. My substitute amendment, when this is defeated, will say there will be a public disclosure and none of the attorney's fees will come out of the money for the public health aspects of this settlement. But make no mistake, the Sessions amendment is an amendment which the tobacco companies want. It will put a damper on lawsuits. It will give the tobacco companies the upper hand in the settlement negotiations. And it will completely discount the sincere and good-faith efforts of 40 different States that had the courage to step forward and sue the tobacco companies.  The Senator from Alabama says their decision to go forward was a wrong one; their decision to pay the attorneys was a wrong one. I do not think he should presume to make that decision. It is a decision made by each of them, and we should respect it.  At this point, I move to table the amendment offered by the Senator from Alabama.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.  