President, I thank my colleague from New Jersey.  So it is understood what we are debating, there is a provision in this bill which would raise the eligibility age for Medicare from 65 to 67. There are those of us who think that is unwarranted and are opposing it and there are those, of course, who are defending it.  It is interesting to me to consider what we are debating here. Five years ago, we debated on Capitol Hill the premise that not enough Americans had health insurance. Forty million Americans uninsured, millions underinsured, what would we do as a nation? Would we rise to the challenge? Would we come to the rescue of these families and individuals? We debated it long and hard, and we failed.  When it was all said and done, nothing was done. A lot of ridicule and scorn was heaped on the White House and the First Lady and nothing happened.  So 5 years later, we return to the debate of health insurance coverage, but this time with a different premise. Instead of helping more people receive insurance coverage, we now have in this bill a proposal to take more people off insurance coverage.  Have we come full circle? Five years later, there is a proposal to increase the eligibility age for Medicare from 65 to 67, and the younger Members of the Senate stand over there and say, ``People can prepare for it, people can get used to it, people can save for it.''  Think of the real-life challenges. Someone I know personally at age 60 retired from management in a company in California with health care benefits and a gold watch. Along came some changes in management, a little downsizing, and guess what? They sent him a letter saying, ``Sorry, no more health insurance for you as a retiree from the management of our company.'' As he received the letter, he started having heart problems, two different heart surgeries, and this individual who had derided big Government programs overtaking your lives started counting the days until he would be eligible for Medicare, realizing that uninsured and uninsurable, he had no protection.  What is the proposal in the Finance Committee? Let him hang out for another 24 months, let him count another 24 months and days wondering if he can live long enough to be covered by Medicare. It is shameful. It is shameful that we have not preceded this debate with a discussion about how we will provide more coverage for people across America.  They want to create a commission in this bill to study the problem, and we should. One of the provisions the commission is supposed to study is whether or not to extend Medicare to those age 62 and beyond. But before the commission comes back and reports, the Finance Committee would say to us, before we know what the fix is for Medicare, let's start with the premise that we are going to raise the retirement age, let's start with the premise that people will pay more out of pocket, and then let's talk about reform of Medicare.  Excuse me; excuse me. This program was designed to help people in their retirement. It has worked. It is successful. Some of my friends on the other side resent it because it is a Government program that people respect and admire. For them to now have a shot at raising this retirement age to age 67 is unfortunately going to put more people in the lurch. People who have made their plans and want to make them cannot anticipate whether they will be wealthy enough to pay for hospitalization insurance, whether they will be healthy enough to take care of themselves. Instead, we should be providing protection. What we are doing is putting more and more people into jeopardy. I think that is shameless.  Look at this, too. This comes to us as part of a debate about a tax cut. This was supposed to be a tax cut that families across America would cheer. Which family will cheer the prospect of 2 more years of uninsurability under health insurance? You and I know we value this as much as anything.  When my young daughter, fresh out of college, got a new job, the first thing her dad asked was, ``What about health insurance, Jennifer?''  ``Oh, dad, I have a little bit of this and a little bit of that.'' And I worry about it every step of the way. She is a healthy young woman, but think about a situation where you are 60 or 62 and you are not healthy, you don't have insurance, and it costs $10,000 a year out of your pocket. The folks in the Finance Committee say this is part of reform, this is responsible, this is compassion, this is courageous. I'm sorry, this is just plain wrong.  Let us have a national debate to make sure that Medicare is there for decades to come for everyone who needs it. Let us say to the high school classes that are skeptical, yes, you have to sign up to help your parents and grandparents, as your children will sign up to help you. It is part of America. It is part of our responsibility as a family in America. Instead, we have these potshots at Medicare to raise the retirement age to 67 without so much as a suggestion of what it will mean to the American family. This is wrong. We should defeat it.  I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing the motion to waive the budget agreement.  