President, I associate myself with the remarks of the Senator from Vermont. This is a sad day. I have only been a Member of this body for less than a year.  I cannot remember, though, any nominee who has come before the Senate Judiciary Committee who had a more compelling personal story about his life and his family. Bill Lann Lee is an extraordinary man, the son of Chinese immigrants. His parents came to this country penniless and started a hand laundry in New York.  His mother, who sat with him at the confirmation hearing, sat in the window of that hand laundry her entire life in front of a sewing machine. His father, working in that hand laundry, refused to teach Bill Lann Lee and his brother the skill of ironing clothes because he was determined they would not follow him in his footsteps in that laundry.  As Senator Leahy has said, Bill Lee's father, who could have been deferred because of age from serving in World War II, volunteered, put his life on the line, and came back with the experience of being treated, as he said, ``as an American.'' That is what Bill Lee told us.  Then Bill Lee, given a chance to attend Yale and Columbia Law School, graduated with high honors and, instead of going with a prestigious law firm and making a lot of money, he devoted his life to finding opportunity and education and employment for everyone in this country.  That this Senate--that the Senate Judiciary Committee, and a small group in that body, would turn down this opportunity for such a fine man to serve this country is truly disgraceful.  I believe that we owe it to Mr. Lee to give him a chance to serve, as he has already served this country in so many ways. To take out on Mr. Lee some feelings about President Clinton is totally unfair. I hope the Senate Judiciary Committee will give him this opportunity to serve.  Just last week or so, we all queued up to talk about human rights to the President of China. Now we have a chance to vote on human rights in putting a well-qualified person in the job as Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights. We are going to determine whether those speeches that were given by Republicans and Democrats were only tourist fare for President Jiang.  