 What extraordinary symmetry, what exceptional justice this evening that we consider the nomination of Pete Peterson to be our first Ambassador to Vietnam.  Thirty-one years ago as an Air Force pilot, Pete Peterson was flying his 67th combat mission over Vietnam when his plane was shot down. He told me the story when we were colleagues in the House of Representatives. I will not forget that as long as I live, what he went through as that plane came crashing down and he was parachuting out, with broken bones and beaten up, run through the streets by the crowds and pushed into a prison cell, and then to spend 6\1/2\ years--6\1/2\ years--of his life as a prisoner of war, to come home finally in 1973 with all of the deserved tribute for his service to his country, to return to his home State of Florida and his family finally and then decide once again to make a commitment to this Nation and to run and serve in the House of Representatives and after three terms to be designated by the President of the United States, President Clinton, to be America's first Ambassador to Vietnam, the same country where his plane had crashed and where he had been a prisoner of war for so many years.  I say to my colleague, the Senator from Nebraska, who really said it so well, the quiet dignity of Pete Peterson will bring a lot to this job, the kind of stature which we need in those who speak for the United States.  He served this country well for 27 years in the Air Force, 6 years in the House of Representatives, and now once again we have called Pete Peterson into service for his country. To think that he will be returning to Vietnam to speak for this great Nation, to meet some of the people who may have rescued his body and thrown him in prison and today will be greeting him is an amazing turn in history. But it is appropriate.  I know what his agenda will be--not only to service this country well with honor, as he always has, but also to work diligently for a full accounting of the POWs/MIAs who were not accounted for from that conflict and also to bring some new level of understanding between our countries.  I think Pete Peterson is clearly the person for this task. We are fortunate tonight to have this bipartisan feeling about Pete Peterson and his confirmation as Ambassador to Vietnam.  I thank Senator Lott as the majority leader, Senator Daschle on the minority side, Senator Smith, particularly Senator John McCain of Arizona, a man who has lived this same experience, who carries those scars, and will for the rest of his life, as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, who worked diligently to bring Pete Peterson's nomination to the floor this evening. My hat is off to John McCain for his extraordinary efforts.  My colleagues, Senator Kerry and Senator Reed, will speak as veterans of that war. I am not a veteran of that war, but I feel I am paying tribute to one of the best veterans of that war in Pete Peterson. This is his night and I want to tell him that it is time for the speeches to come to a close and for Pete Peterson's service to his country on a full-time basis to resume as our first Ambassador to Vietnam.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  