He and I are cosponsoring similar amendments, and I think he will be on the floor momentarily to discuss his amendment, but I would like to discuss this amendment directly.  This amendment designates Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Romania as eligible to receive assistance to prepare for future NATO membership.  This amendment does not require that any nation be invited to join NATO. It simply makes Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Romania eligible to receive assistance to prepare for NATO membership in the future. A similar amendment was in the House-passed version of the State Department authorization bill.  I say to my colleagues, this last February, I visited Lithuania, the homeland of my mother, for my fourth visit. I found, much to my amazement, that no matter where I traveled in this small country, no matter what official I sat down to meet with, people had on their mind one thing and one thing only: NATO membership.  The Baltic States, particularly Lithuania and Latvia, believe that NATO membership is crucial to their survival. They are surrounded, in many instances, by questionable circumstances, Russian troops and a lot of question marks that leave them uncertain about their future.  I said to them at that point that when I returned to the Senate, I would do everything in my power to informand educate my colleagues about this deep, heartfelt feeling in the Baltics, that their membership in NATO is where they want to be in this next century, looking to the West, looking to democracy, being part of our security alliance which was so crucial for half a century in Western Europe.  This amendment is consistent with current laws and programs to assist the new democracies of Central and Eastern Europe to prepare for future NATO membership. It includes, obviously, the Baltics States and Romania. The NATO Participation Act of 1994 authorized the President to establish a program to assist emerging democracies in Central and Eastern Europe to prepare for future NATO membership. The NATO Enlargement Facilitation Act of 1996 designated Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovenia to receive assistance to prepare for future NATO membership, and the act directed the President to designate additional democracies in Central and Eastern Europe if they met certain criteria.  It is clearly in the interest of the United States to support democracy, free-market reform and security in the Baltics and Romania. There is no better way to do this than to help them prepare for NATO membership. Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Romania are doing everything asked of them--and more--to prepare for future NATO membership. They should be designated as eligible to receive assistance under the NATO Enlargement Facilitation Act of 1996.  Examples of how the Baltics and Romania are meeting the criteria established by this act for assistance to prepare for NATO membership:  They have made courageous choices and painful sacrifices to reestablish their freedom and rebuild their democracies and free-market economies. It is hard to imagine, the Baltic States and other Eastern European countries, once members of the Warsaw Pact, which were subjugated to Soviet rule for 50 years, this blanket of Soviet hegemony virtually snuffed out the initiative, creativity and energy of these great nations, but they survived. And not just survived, they came out of it determined to rebuild, rebuild with a face to the West.  All of these nations have applied for NATO membership.  They have made significant progress toward establishing civilian control of their militaries, police and intelligence services.  They are adhering to the rule of law.  They are respecting the values and interests shared by other NATO members.  They are accepting the obligations, responsibilities and costs of NATO membership.  Their parliaments are making financial commitments, many times at great sacrifice, to prepare for NATO membership, significantly increasing their support for national defense and Partnership for Peace activities.  My vision, and I hope one shared by my colleagues, is that an enlarged NATO will put Europe in a position to deal with its own problems in a better fashion. We are now deeply committed in Bosnia, as we should be, to bring peace to that region. But if there were a strong NATO encompassing so many more countries in Europe, I think we can envision a day when that sort of a dispute and that sort of a problem will be dealt with primarily, if not exclusively, by NATO members in European States.  This suggestion of enlarging NATO eligibility is a step on a path that could lead us to that favorable conclusion.  These countries have demonstrated they are fully committed to sharing the responsibilities of NATO membership.  They are building their defense forces in accordance with NATO planning standards.  They are improving their communication and information systems, command and control, and English training.  They are active participants in the Partnership for Peace Program.  They have participated in joint exercises, training programs, and peacekeeping operations led by NATO and the United States.  It was, I guess, incredible to me to consider that a tiny country like Lithuania would send a small group to IFOR in Bosnia to participate in peacekeeping. Tragically, one of the Lithuanian soldiers was one of the early casualties because of the detonation of a mine. The Lithuanian Parliament might, at that point, have had a vigorous debate and decided they made a mistake, that they were not ready to get involved. They decided just the opposite. Even having lost a Lithuanian soldier in a joint effort with the United States and other NATO countries to bring peace to Bosnia, the Lithuanian Parliament voted overwhelmingly to commit even more troops in their peacekeeping effort to demonstrate to Europe, to the world, and all the NATO members they are serious about making this kind of a participation a reality.  I learned last week from the Prime Minister of Latvia that the same type of commitment was made. They have participated in NATO's peacekeeping mission. They have increased their troop commitments, and it is clear that they are sincere. They are strategically significant to an effective NATO defense, and they are likely to be in a position to further the membership of NATO and contribute to the security of the North Atlantic area in the near future.  I have nothing further on this amendment. I defer to the chairman or minority spokesman as to whether they would like to consider the amendment at this point or wait for Senator Gorton to come to the floor with his companion amendment.  