President, I am pleased to join Senator Dorgan on this issue. There is not a more importanttopic on Capitol Hill. During the last several weeks we were embarrassed by a debate on the disaster bill. I am afraid that we are going to be embarrassed again by a tax bill that will be disastrous to working families. Senator Dorgan pointed it out.  Why in the world would we be giving tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans, and ignoring folks struggling to get by every day; trying to pay the bills, trying to pay for their day care costs, trying to save a little money for their children, trying to make sure they make the mortgage payment and maybe have enough left over for the utility bills? Why isn't this tax bill helping these families?  Folks making $100,000, $200,000, or $300,000 are the winners in this tax bill. But the folks struggling to get by? The husband and wife both working two jobs are the ones who don't get a break. Why are we doing this? Because there is a clear difference in values between the people who are arguing this bill.  For goodness sakes. I believe, as Senator Dorgan has said, that we should be helping working families at this point in our history. Give those folks a break, and make sure that the families which are being nailed with payroll taxes get a chance to make a living and realize the American dream. And give their kids a chance. But to say that we are going to focus the help in this bill on those who are struggling--get this now, struggling-- with the concept of, ``How will I pay my capital gains on the stock that has appreciated so dramatically?'' Are those the folks that you would loose sleep at night over and the ones that we should have some sort of tinge of sadness in our heart for? I don't see it.  When I think of this tax bill I think of working families trying to hang on to a job, and struggling to get by.  Take a look at what this does. This really tells the story, unfortunately, about what this is all about. Think about this. The lower 60 percent of wage earners in America--the lower 60 percent--under the bill being proposed by the Senate Republicans get 12 percent of the tax cuts; 12 percent. More than 87 percent goes to those in the upper-income categories.  The amount of money involved in this is dramatic. If you make over $400,000 a year, we are going to give you a $7,000 tax cut. We want to take care of you. We are afraid you are struggling at $400,000 a year. But if you happen to be making $50,000 a year, I am afraid to tell you that the benefit is going to be about 52 bucks; a buck a week.  What a heart this Senate has for working families.  Let's hope that the people who are writing this bill wake up to the reality that we have to do more than just meet the target of cutting $130 million when it comes to tax cuts. We have to be cutting it in the right way so that working families have a fighting chance.  Let's make sure that when this debate is over that we don't have another disaster bill--a bill disastrous for working families.  The final point I want to make on this is when you take a look at these tax cuts, don't measure them against just this year, or next year, or even 5 years, but against what they will do down the line.  The people bringing this bill are very crafty. They start the tax cuts now. They don't look like much. And, all of a sudden, they start mushrooming--it may be a poison mushroom--when you look at the outyears. We have a dramatically costly bill associated with these tax cuts.  So in the future Members of Congress--the House and the Senate--are going to struggle to balance the budget because of bad decisions and bad policy today. That makes no sense.  I urge my colleagues on the Senate Finance Committee and all of my colleagues in the Senate to think about the working families in this country for a change. For goodness sakes, let's have a tax cut bill that is designed to help them. These are families who, with a tax cut, will turn around and make purchases--who will purchase a new washer and dryer, who will purchase a new home, who will purchase a new car--creating jobs and creating opportunities.  That is what this is all about.  I thank my colleague, Senator Dorgan, for requesting the floor at this propitious moment in the debate on this bill. I hope that our message will be delivered through the people of this country, and to all of our colleagues.  