President, I am pleased to join my colleague from Mississippi, Senator Cochran, as a cosponsor of this important amendment. I think anyone who had attended our hearing within the last 2 weeks on this issue would have been shocked at what they learned. We have expanded opportunities for the purchase of some of the most valuable technology in the world. It is technology developed in the United States, which has no parallel anywhere else in the world, and we are selling it. The fact that we are selling it is nothing new. The United States has done that for years. But this technology is so important and sensitive that the people who buy it automatically acquire a capacity, a capability that they have never had in their history. In other words, our expertise, our knowledge, our technological skill is being sold.  What makes this particularly important is that this very technology has the capacity to give to the purchasing country the skills and abilities that they have never had before to develop things that are very positive, on one hand, but also potentially very negative. I was reminded of a quotation that is attributed to Mr. Lenin in the early days of his establishment of the Soviet republics. He said that it was his belief that ``a capitalist would sell you the rope that you would use to hang him.'' I thought about that over and over, as we discussed this question of selling these computers to countries like China and Russia, which have the capacity to allow them to develop extraordinary military capability.  Recent news accounts about sales of supercomputers to Russian nuclear weapons labs and the Chinese Academy of Sciences--in apparent circumvention of United States export control regulations--have raised troubling questions about the control that the United States exercises over supercomputer exports.  China has purchased at least 46 United States supercomputers. Of these, 32 are one particular model that is faster than two-thirds of the classified computer systems available to our own Department of Defense, including the United States Naval Underwater Weapons Center, United States Army TACOM, and United States Air Force/National Test Facility.  The Commerce Department and the Justice Department are investigating the unlicensed sale--unlicensed sale--of four over-2000 MTOPS computers to the Russian nuclear weapons facility Chelyabinsk-70.  The computers recently sold are 10 times more powerful than anything Russia ever had before, and we sold it to them.  There is ample room for mistakes and confusion in the current dual-use export control system for supercomputers.  According to a New York Times article on February 25 of this year, in an effort to circumvent United States export controls, Russia's nuclear weapons establishment obtained a powerful IBM supercomputer through a European middleman and said they planned to use it to simulate nuclear tests.  I was on this floor 2 weeks ago giving a speech about a test ban, recalling the speech given by President Kennedy before American University in 1963. I came to the floor with Senator Harkin and said it is time for us to have a comprehensive nuclear test ban, moving toward the day when there are no nuclear weapons threatening this world. In the world we live in today, you don't need to detonate a nuclear weapon. If you have a supercomputer, which can simulate that detonation, you can derive the same information--or a lot of it--through this model and through this technology. These are the very same computers and capabilities that we are selling.  The Nation's export controls for supercomputers ``amount to a kind of honor system,'' according to one U.S. official quoted in the Wall Street Journal. Companies that have doubt about a customer's activities are expected to call the U.S. Government for advice.  Think about that. You have a computer company and you have a sale worth millions of dollars and you don't know whether it is going to be used for a peaceful purpose or a military purpose. Well, the honor system says it is time to call the Department of Commerce and check it out and see if they have any records or classified information. They may not share the information with you, but they may tell you there is some concern. But it is an honor system. There is nothing built into the law to guarantee this kind of surveillance, this kind of supervision.  Companies may fail to obtain licenses to sell supercomputers ordered for civilian purposes, such as weather forecasting or air pollution studies or natural resources prospecting and development, but these computers end up in places which do design work for nuclear weapons programs--not a civilian use. Companies may knowingly ignore licensing requirements or, alternatively, companies may unwittingly fail to recognize a suspect end-user.  The first step toward better export controls is better communication. Increased accountability and interaction between industry and the Federal Government called for by this amendment will help facilitate that interchange.  Even William Reinsch, the Undersecretary for Export Administration for the Commerce Department, quoted by Senator Cochran with whom I share the sponsorship of this amendment, testified at the Governmental Affairs subcommittee hearing last week, agreed that better communication is essential. He invited and encouraged companies to consult with the Commerce Department when faced with challenging sales decisions.  The current system for supercomputer exports involves controls on high-power computer exports set forth in Federal regulations that divide the countries of the world into various categories, or tiers.  The licensing policies vary depending on which category the country falls into. There are countries for which no export license is required--tier 1--some countries for which licenses are required for extraordinarily high performance machines--tier 2--some for which licenses are required, depending on whether the end-use is military rather than civilian--tier 3--and countries for which sales are totally banned--tier 4.  The tier 3 countries include India, Pakistan, all of the Middle East/Maghreb, the former Soviet Union, China, Vietnam, and the rest of Eastern Europe.  Under current rules, export licenses are required to export or re-export computers with a composite theoretical performance, known as CTP, greater than 2000 MTOPS to military end-users and end-uses and to nuclear, chemical, biological, or missile end-users and end-uses in tier 3 countries.  However, for civilian end-users or end-uses that don't fall into a military or proliferation category, licenses are not required for export or re-export of computers under 7000 MTOPS to these countries.  What this means is that for many sales, no Government oversight or decisionmaking takes place at the front end if the exporter determines that he is selling to a company that portrays itself as a civilian user because no license is required.  Because of the differences in the licensing rules that apply to exports for military and proliferation uses than those governing sales for civilian use, the U.S. Government plays no upfront role in determining whether the end-use of a supercomputer under 7000 MTOPS sold to a buyer in a tier 3 country is indeed to be used for a civilian purpose.  I know this is involved, I know that it is complicated. Let me try to cut to the bottom line. If a company in the United States seeks to sell a supercomputer, one of great capacity, and the end-user, the company that is buying in another country, says this is strictly for a civilian purpose, it is not going to be used for anything of a military capacity, there are virtually no controls on that sale; nor is there much of anything done to track that sale, once it is made, as to where that computer actually ends up.  The responsibility is all on the shoulders of the manufacturer or exporter to make the determination on whether or not a license is needed, whether or not the computer might be used for military purposes. Exporters run the riskof relying on assurances of the purchasers or their own intelligence information about end-use, rather than the resources of the Government. Either intentionally or inadvertently, exporters have made sales to destinations for which a license should have been obtained, because of end-use, but was not.  The Cochran-Durbin amendment would require that all U.S. exports of supercomputers above 2,000 million theoretical operations per second--a measure of the computer's speed--to a tier 3 country be licensed by the Commerce Department.  The presently more lenient requirements for civilian end-use sales in this category would be made identical to stricter ones applicable to sales for military proliferation purposes.  The amendment would shift responsibility from industry to the Government for deciding the propriety and conditions of the sales.  By subjecting all such sales above 2,000 MTOPS to licensing requirements, the United States may be able to prevent the uncontrolled flow of technology for unauthorized use or diversion to purchasers in countries who may have vastly different interests than those of the United States.  Civilian sales of supercomputers above 2,000 MTOPS to purchasers in tier 3 countries would be reviewed and approved by the Commerce Department, using the same standards used in licensing military and proliferation sales to these countries.  In addition, the amendment expresses the sense of the Senate that Congress should enact legislation requiring that any computer exceeding 2,000 MTOPS exported to a tier 1 or tier 2 country shall only be reexported to a tier 3 country, or reexported by a tier 3 country to another tier 3 country, pursuant to an export license approved by the Secretary of Commerce.  We are trying to track these computers, once sold, and determine where they are going to end up. We are saying to those countries, whom we consider to be our allies and friends, that we are going to ask you to bear responsibility for the end-use of the computer. We don't want you to be a conduit for the sale of a computer to a country where the United States suspects it may be used for military purposes.  The sense of the Senate would call for legislation that would require any reexport to a tier 3 country would have to be done under U.S. export license. This amendment is clearly necessary. I urge my colleagues to join Senator Cochran and myself. If you had listened to the testimony, as we did, you would have discovered, as I did, that there has been a dramatic increase in technology and expertise in this field. It is estimated that every 9 months to a year most of the computers that we are talking about become obsolete and move on to higher standards.  The United States is where these computers are made and the country from which they are sold. As we are concerned about the proliferation of those items that can be used for the construction of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons, we should also be concerned about the potential that we are selling technology that can also be used for proliferation of military weaponry. If we are truly seeking a peaceful world--and we are--the United States should take care not to sell that technology which allows another country to develop weapons of destruction.  I think the Cochran-Durbin amendment strikes an appropriate balance. It brings our Government into the decision process. It protects those exporters in the United States who truly are trying to do the right thing and sell for civilian use. But it gives them a backup, and it leaves some assurance that will be another party investigating when it comes to sales of a suspect nature.  This amendment is an important step toward addressing some of the growing concerns about U.S. export control policies governing sales of dual-use technology and whether those policies may be permitting access to sophisticated American technology to aid in the buildup of nuclear weapons capability of other countries.  Recall the words of Mr. Lenin: ``A capitalist will sell you the rope that you will use to hang him.''  Let's not have that occur. Not in the name of free trade and good commerce should we forget our responsibility to national and world security. I believe the Cochran-Durbin amendment is a sensible and responsible way to bring some order to what is becoming a very chaotic situation.  I urge my colleagues to join Senator Cochran and me in support of this amendment.  I yield the remainder of my time.  