President, let me just say in closing, on this particular issue, before I move to the other with Senator Hagel, this is a matter of the Attorney General's discretion. Whether that Attorney General is a Democrat or a Republican, under this statute the Attorney General is to gather the evidence, listen to the testimony, and decide whether or not that evidence and testimony crosses a threshold to suggest that a crime has been committed, either by a covered person in the administration or a Member of Congress, or creating a conflict of interest between the administration and the investigation.  If I listened and heard correctly, the Senator from Utah questions whether or not an Attorney General, appointed by a President, can exercise appropriate discretion when there has been a suggestion that that President or his Cabinet be investigated.  What the Senator from Utah calls into question is more than the judgment of any specific Attorney General. He calls into question the very existence of the statute. I think there are many deficiencies in this statute. I think we should address those, and perhaps reauthorize it with some changes. Among those changes, I might add, is that if an independent counsel is to be appointed, that independent counsel be truly independent.  In the history of this statute, 15 independent counsels have been named: 11 Republicans, 2 Independents, 2 Democrats. This process has been loaded to appoint Republican independent counsels. And how? Because the three judges who make the appointment, named by the Chief Justice, have created a daisy chain, where they are appointed for 2 years as the statute calls for and then reappointed for another 2 years. They keep coming back, over and over and over again, the same people, making the same judgments about the appointment of independent counsel.  I think this statute needs to be addressed. But, if we are going to attack this Attorney General because she has to exercise her discretion, believe me that is what the statute says that she must do. She must look at that evidence, decide whether it is credible, and decide whether to go forward. As unhappy as the Republicans may be with this decision by the Attorney General, I trust her judgment. I trust her professional judgment. If she says at this moment it is not warranted, I think she is right. I will stand by it.  Should she change her mind at some later date, I will accept that decision, too. But to call her up here and put her under pressure because she has made that decision is a serious, serious mistake.  At this point I believe there has been a unanimous-consent request for 10 minutes for Senator Hagel and myself to address another issue, is that correct?  