President, let me say to my colleague, I can, as said by the President, feel your pain here, because in 1993, my congressional district was inundated in a Midwestern flood.  There are many natural disasters which can befall America and a family. One of the most insidious is a flood. It just never goes away. Some disasters strike quickly, with a tornado or an earthquake or fire, and by the next day, people are starting to reassemble their lives and clean up the mess and put it behind them. A flood lingers, and as it lingers, I have watched family after family in my district reach a level of depression, then desperation. About the only thing that sustains them is not only all of the good neighbors and volunteers who come to their assistance, but the belief that this Nation stands behind them; that, as a family, America says, ``We will come to your aid, too. We will assist you.''  It is interesting to me that during the course of our history, time and time again, without exception, we have said we are going to waive the rules, we are going to drop the politics, we are just going to focus on helping people. We aren't going to ask them whether they are rich or poor, Democrat or Republican, Independent; it doesn't make any difference. They are Americans, they are neighbors, they are in need.  Let us get on with the business of being a nation of people who care about those in need. Why then are we going through this exercise? Why haven't we passed the disaster bill to help the victims of the flood in North Dakota and South Dakota and Minnesota, and other places? Unfortunately, it is because some of the leaders here believe that this is the kind of bill that puts pressure on the President. Send him a bill that he has to sign, like a disaster bill, and then like a Christmas tree, put on these ornaments, little things totally unrelated to disasters. ``Let's send this to him and, boy, we'll force his hand. No President is going to veto a disaster bill with homeless people. We will force him. We will put a provision in there that says we are going to violate the budget agreement, we are going to set up a new standard here for funding agencies.''  What does that have to do with disaster assistance? If you were out of your home, if you had seen all of your Earthly belongings inundated with a flood, if you and your kids were huddled in some shelter, would you really want the Congress of the United States of America to get involved in this kind of political gamesmanship?  Even worse, there is a provision in this bill that relates to the taking of the census. Boy, there's a real timely emergency; we better get on this one. Shoot, take a look, it is only 36 months from now that we are going to have to deal with it; 36 months away we are supposed to take the census. The Republican leadership said, ``Let's put a provision in this bill that will force the hand of the Federal Government when it comes to taking the census.''  This is sad. This is really sad for so many people who have been victimized by this flood to now be victimized by politics on Capitol Hill. And it is outrageous. Senator Dorgan is correct, let us not violate the standard which we have established which says when there is a disaster and a need in America, we will rally behind the victims, our neighbors, our fellow Americans regardless of party label, regardless of agenda.  We are losing it in this debate because the Republican leadership insists on amendments to this bill which have nothing to do--nothing to do--with disaster victims.  I salute my colleague for his efforts. I tell you, I have been there, and I know what it means to go home weekend after weekend and see these families struggling, looking at homes that have been inundated with floodwater and mud, everything in their life washed away--the wedding pictures, everything, it's gone--and then to have to tell them, ``I'm sorry, another week has gone by and Congress has not met its responsibility.''  I salute my colleagues. Let us hope that just for one brief shining moment that this body will rise above politics and support your effort to bring a clean disaster bill to the table, pass it today, pass it in the House, move it on to the President and get it signed this evening. We can then say to the people huddled in those shelters worried about their future and what they have been through that we have met our responsibility. I thank the Senator.  