President, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I have just seen this amendment this evening for the first time, but I know the Senator from Alabama has offered it in the regular order of business.  I have had a few minutes to read it over. I commend to my colleagues the suggestion they should read this very closely. This amendment is the dream of the tobacco companies. The Senators who have risen to speak on behalf of this amendment from the tobacco-producing States I think have given evidence of the fact that this is another one of the last gasps of this industry.  Let me tell you why what appears to be so reasonable on its face is, in fact, a loaded deck for the tobacco companies again.  My friend, the Senator from Alabama, wants to limit attorney's fees and to take any excess and put it into health research for children. Now, who in the world could oppose that?  But look closely. He does not want to limit the attorney's fees for tobacco company lawyers. No. He just wants to limit the attorney's fees for those on the plaintiffs' side, the States that have brought this action. Now that is curious. If he is afraid that the attorneys, who will ultimately all be paid by tobacco companies when this is all over, are going to charge too much money, he only wants to limit the hourly rate to $250 an hour to attorneys representing the plaintiffs in this action. So he protects these fat cat law firms that have represented the tobacco companies forever, who can charge $500 an hour, $1,000 an hour, he does not care. His interest is only the attorneys for the plaintiffs.  That does not make any sense. All of the money is coming out of the same pot. If he wants to make this a reduction in the lifestyle of attorneys, why does it not apply to defense attorneys? Why does it not apply to tobacco company attorneys? No, his only interest isthe attorneys who stepped forward and filed these lawsuits on behalf of the States.  Now, they have been characterized by their critics this evening as a pretty motley crew. Remember that 40 different States decided through their own elected attorneys general that they would bring these lawsuits under fee arrangements so that they would have the legal talent to be able to process the most complicated litigation in the history of the United States.  