 There is an old saying that ``virtue is its own reward.'' I would have to say to the minority leader, Senator Daschle, that when he undertook this project and this responsibility to try to craft a reasonable answer to this national debate on partial-birth abortion, as it is characterized, he truly understood the daunting task which he faced. I have seen the advertisements against the Senator, full-page ads which have called the Senator every name in the book. But I know, having tried to do the same thing, that the Senator addressed this issue in an honest and forthright way, that the Senator worked for months to come up with the right language that was, first, constitutional; second, sensitive to reality; and, third, which addressed a serious national concern about late-term abortions. I am proud to be a cosponsor of Senator Daschle's amendment.  When this issue came before the House of Representatives, and I served in that body, I sat in the Chamber of the House and listened to every minute of debate. I have never, ever in my public career viewed a vote on abortion as an easy vote. I have always sat down and thought carefully about what is the right thing to do, and some of the votes have troubled me because it is a troubling issue. Since our national debate on slavery, I cannot think of another issue which has divided America over such a protracted period of time.  And the reason, of course, is that in this debate we are addressing one of the most enduring debates in the history of man, the appropriate role of Government. At what point do the rights of the individual end and the rights of society and the Government begin? This classic question, pitting individual liberty against the responsibility of Government, is clearly at issue when we discuss abortion.  Religions and moralists draw clear lines of belief, but where does a diverse society like America draw the line? Where do the rights of a woman to control her body end, and the rights of the fetus, or potential life, begin? The Supreme Court, in Roe versus Wade, tried to draw a bright line on this clouded issue. The absolute rights of a woman in America to privacy and to the control of her body yield when the fetus can survive outside the mother. Thus, viability is the dividing line in this national debate. Before viability, when the fetus cannot survive, then the mother's rights and decisions are paramount. After viability, the fetus is protected except in the most extraordinary cases.  Senator Daschle, what I find interesting is this: Had you presented this bill 2 or 3 years ago, and said that you wanted to take the Doe versus Bolton case, which said that we would allow abortions after viability to protect the mother's life or health, but you wanted to take that language and clarify it so that the word ``health'' was better understood and that those violating it would be subject to serious penalties, I would daresay that you would have been applauded by many of the people who are going to vote against you today.  But they do not accept your sincerity in this, and I do. I share your feeling. I believe that after viability we should apply a strict test as to whether any abortion procedure is going to be allowed.  The Senator from Pennsylvania, in banning one procedure, previability and postviability does not address this. And he would have to admit, in all honesty, that Senator Daschle addresses the specific procedure he would like to ban and any other abortion procedure after the moment of viability. His ban, his restriction is much more specific, but much less respectful of the Constitution, women, and fetuses, than that being offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.  I find it interesting, too, that Senator Daschle's proposal faces criticism on the grounds that the doctor is going to make the decision as to whether there is a possibility of risk to the mother's life or a possibility of grievous injury, which is very carefully defined. If the doctor does not make this decision, who will? The local Congressman? A U.S. Senator? Some Federal employee? I have been to a lot of town meetings, hundreds of them. People have asked my opinion and help in many, many situations, but never, never have they asked me to come to their homes when their family has to make an important medical decision and give them the Government's point of view. Quite honestly, Senator Daschle addresses this in the only way that you can. This is a situation to be certified by a doctor.  The Republican side has said, well, what if the doctor lies? What if he misleads people? What if, in fact, there is not a threat of grievous injury and he goes ahead with the procedure? And then they quote ``Dr. Will,'' who says, well, this is a law that can never be violated. But there will be other people in that operating room. There will be other witnesses to this act. If that doctor's certification is fraudulent, I daresay he or she runs the risk that they will be held responsible. So, to say that this is unenforceable is, I think, unfair.  The problem with this debate, as I see it, is that many times it deteriorates very quickly. There was an advertisement, a full page ad that wasbought by a religious group, which listed the reasons a woman seeks a late-term abortion. It was an embarrassment to read that ad. At one point they said, ``Some women seek an abortion because they no longer fit in their prom dresses.'' Perhaps that is the case. Perhaps not. But for those who are arguing this issue, I hope, I sincerely hope that they have taken the time, as I have, to speak to women who faced tragic circumstances, and never made a casual decision.  I, for one, have met six different women who have been faced with this challenge and have undergone this procedure. They remind me that this debate is not about politics. It is not about legal jargon. It is about our daughters, our sisters, our wives and our friends. It is about families. One woman in my home State of Illinois, when she heard this debate, came forward and said: This isn't fair. The way they are characterizing this procedure and the decision that I faced is not fair. I want to tell my story. My husband and I have decided we have to tell our story.  This is their photograph. Vikki Stella of Naperville, IL, the mother of two daughters, 32 weeks pregnant with her third child whom she had named Anthony. She had painted the nursery. They were prepared, expectant parents, again, for the happiness of another baby, their first son. And then they learned through a sonogram that Anthony suffered from a serious deformity. Anthony had no brain. Anthony would not survive birth but for a few moments. And, if she continued the pregnancy, she ran the risk of jeopardizing her ability to ever have another baby.  So her dying infant would be the last child she ever would bear. Vikki Stella tells the story about she and her husband, hearing this tragic news--imagine, 8 months into the pregnancy--and then being faced with the awful decision as to whether to terminate the pregnancy. They prayed over it. They cried over it. They went forward with it. Afterward, she held Anthony in her arms and understood it was the only thing that she and her family could do. And she came back home.  Last year I had a chance to be introduced to Nicholas. He is in the picture here. He is the little boy in her arms. Nicholas is their new son. I was not really introduced to him because he was asleep in a stroller. But the fact of the matter is, Vikki Stella's story is what this debate is all about. Do you really want to say to this family that we don't care whether or not this family ever has another child; that it makes no difference, the government is going to decide this one for you? Do you really want to say that? I don't think so. This was no casual decision. This was no perfect infant, as some of your illustrations try to prove. This was a sad situation and this family in grief faced a tragic situation and made a difficult decision. This bill that is being offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania would preclude the very procedure which Vikki Stella's doctor recommended. That is not fair.  If you value life, look in the eyes of Nicholas and understand that life came from this decision. There would not have been more life had she been precluded from ending that first pregnancy. It would have been the end of her ability to bear any children. Six different women I have spoken to on this, each one of them a gripping story.  Let me just concede a point. Are casual decisions made? Are there some abortions where you and I might agree, oh, wait a minute, come on, that is not a serious case? Yes, I think that is true. But that is what Senator Daschle addresses with his amendment. He says when you are late in the pregnancy you cannot terminate that pregnancy unless you have a serious reason: The life of the mother is at stake, or she risks a grievous injury. We have gone beyond the abstract, we have gone beyond the casual, we are into the serious situations which he has described. And that is why the Daschle amendment is one which I hope those who decry abortion will think about.  The Senator from Arkansas, my colleague, just said, ``Search your conscience and soul.'' I would ask you to do the same over the Daschle amendment. What Tom Daschle is offering today is a sensible statement of policy for this Nation. It does not preclude any State from saying we are going to impose a stricter standard. But it says that, for a national policy, we will preclude all late-term abortions except in the most serious situations.  He does not stand alone here. This is not a political calculation. The American Medical Association stands with him, as does the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.  We have so many people practicing medicine on the floor of the Senate today, I am sure that those who are tuning in must wonder whether or not we have diverted from passing law. I do not profess to have any expertise when it comes to medicine. But the people who do, the American Medical Association, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, have said the Daschle amendment is sensible, it is reasonable, it will preserve for doctors the discretion they need to make the very important decisions about a woman's pregnancy, and terminate it. I respect that. I think all of us should.  Let me also say that, as this issue divides America, it divides this Chamber, it divides political parties, it divides members of our families. I would hope that at the end of this debate, whatever the outcome, we can lower the volume of rhetoric on this difficult issue and try to find some common ground on issues that we might all agree on. How can we implement policies in this Nation to reduce the number of unintended pregnancies? Whether you are pro-life or pro-choice, can we try to find some common ground there? Would that not be good for this Nation and good for this issue--whatever your position on abortion?  How can we make certain that children, wanted children, receive appropriate pre-natal nutritional care during the pregnancy? Should we not all agree on that, pro-choice or pro-life? I think there are so many things which we can address which really speak to our reverence for life. But today I stand in the midst of this long and maybe intractable debate, and urge my colleagues to seriously consider the amendment offered by the minority leader. I believe it is responsible and I believe it addresses late-term abortions in terms that every family can concede are realistic. Yes, we want to reduce the number of abortions. We want to make them rare. But let us never preclude that option, when we have the life of the mother at stake, or the situation that faced Vikki Stella. She had her chance because abortion is legal and safe in America. As a result, she is, in this photo, with her son Nicholas.  I yield my time.  