President, my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun, and I would like to take the floor for 10 minutes to address an issue of great importance, one that is appropriate to consider as we debate the foreign affairs bill, because this is an issue, to us, of worldwide significance.  Is there a spot in the world so removed, so distant, so isolated that if you would go there today and say that you were from Chicago, that the people living in this far corner of the world would not immediately respond: ``The home of the Chicago Bulls and Michael Jordan?'' I don't think there is a spot in the world where you could find people who are not aware of what happened in the great City of Chicago--for in 5 of the last 7 years, our Chicago Bulls have won the championship of the National Basketball Association.  We believe, quite modestly, that Chicago has become the world's capital of basketball--of course, our chief of State none other than Michael Jordan. Those who watched the NBA finals, particularly that fifth game, will never forget the contribution made by this great athlete. Obviously suffering from some illness--flu or worse--he managed to muster the strength and courage to lead the Bulls to an important, absolutely critical victory. How many times we saw him running down that court, wondering if he could get from one end to the other, only to perform spectacularly when given the ball. That has been his hallmark, but not just as an athlete, but as a person. He is truly a good person. Unfortunately, in the game of sports, you can't say that about all of the champions. You can certainly say it about Michael Jordan.  Of course, the chief of intelligence in this world capital of basketball is none other than Coach Phil Jackson. Michael Jordan and Coach Jackson have a rare relationship, and Michael Jordan has made it clear that when he plays basketball, it will be with Phil Jackson. Phil Jackson, along with Jerry Reinsdorf as the owner, and others, can take pride in what the Bulls have brought to professional sports and basketball.  The Bulls' record of 171 victories and 30 losses over the last two seasons has set a new standard of excellence. Michael Jordan, in the last five full seasons, has earned five championship rings and five MVP awards in the playoffs. The numbers speak for themselves.  You could go through the list of Chicago Bulls and find the greatness and sportsmanship and the kinds of leadership we in Chicago are so proud of. I would be remiss to not mention the contributions of Scottie Pippen, Luc Longley, and so many others who are part of this great team, and Steve Kerr's clutch shot in the last game made the difference. He had had a tough time up to that moment, but when he was given the ball, he was there.  Yesterday, there was a big celebration in Chicago. The Sun came out for a few minutes. People gathered for a great rally. I thought the comment made by Michael Jordan was especially appropriate. He said yesterday:       This championship goes out to all the working people here      in the City of Chicago, who go out every day and bust their      butts to make a living.  Well, Michael Jordan reminded us that so many of us who take pleasure in watching professional sports can identify with all of the effort made on the court and on the field. There are no two stronger fans of the Chicago Bulls on the floor of the U.S. Senate than myself and my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun. We want to salute the Bulls. We are proud of them. We are proud of the city of Chicago, the city that works. We are looking forward to making it a six pack next year under the leadership of Phil Jackson, Michael Jordan, and Scottie Pippen.  I yield to my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ashcroft). The Senator from Illinois [Ms. Moseley-Braun] is recognized.  