 Why are we here today? Because the tobacco company lobbyists, at the last minute, in our tax bill, which we considered several weeks ago, managed to sneak in a provision that was not debated on the floor of the Senate, nor on the floor of the House. It was never brought to public light. It wasn't discussed by the leadership, by anyone. And this provision, which is 46 words at the end of the tax bill--a provision which they hoped no one would notice--gave to the tobacco companies a $50 billion setoff against any tobacco settlement. The tobacco companies that came to us and said, ``We have learned our lesson, we are a new industry, we are sensitive to the public health problems we have created,'' managed to sneak in in the dead of night and put in this provision, which gave them a $50 billion setoff.  Outrageous. When it was discovered and when we went about Capitol Hill, from office to office, saying, ``All right, who is going to claim pride of authorship here?'' Not a soul would admit they authored this provision. After weeks of investigation, finally, a staff member came forward and said to the USA Today that it was prepared, word for word, by the tobacco companies. They put this provision in the law. They put it at the tail end of this bill, and the leadership on Capitol Hill looked the other way, at best. As a result, this $50 billion outrage is now in the law.  Senator Collins of Maine and I have offered an amendment to repeal that. Now, the tobacco companies don't like our amendment. They have already said publicly that if the Durbin-Collins amendment is adopted, it is going to jeopardize the settlement. They want a $50 billion windfall. Well, I sense from the debate today that when this is over, that provision is going to be repealed. But I have learned from over 10 years of fighting these tobacco companies never to assume a thing. They always have one trick left in the bag. Unfortunately, that trick is the Sessions amendment.  Let me tell you this. I don't, for a moment, question the sincerity of my colleague from Alabama. Nor do I suggest that he is a cat's-paw of the tobacco companies. But make no mistake, if he ends up winning his amendment, you will see a smile on the grizzled mug of Joe Camel, because the Sessions amendment will achieve what the tobacco companies have failed to achieve. The Sessions amendment is the effort of the tobacco companies when they can't stop the lawsuits to stop the lawyers.  Oh, how they must despise these plaintiffs' lawyers--this army of lawyers who joined with attorneys general across the United States in 40 different States and said, ``We will join with you in suing the tobacco giants. We understand each State is hard pressed to have the resources to bring the lawsuits. We will be involved in the lawsuits on a contingent basis. If you win, if your State wins, then we get a fee. If you don't, then our fee is reduced.''  It is a contingent-fee basis. It is a basis for many lawsuits. There is nothing inherently evil or outrageous about it. Many people come to lawyer's offices every day without the resources to prosecute a lawsuit, and a lawyer says, ``I will take it on a contingency. If you win, I win a fee. If you lose, I don't win a fee.'' There is nothing sinister about this. It is a contingent fee.  So that is what we are debating here today. The Senator from Alabama calls it jackpot justice. I have heard him in committee and on the floor. And he has very strong personal feelings about contingent-fee lawsuits. That is his point of view. I don't share it. But consider what his amendment would do.  First, it would limit the total attorney's fees paid in the United States of America to all the plaintiffs' lawyers assisting all the attorneys general to $250 million maximum--a huge sum of money, is it not? But in the context of a tobacco settlement of $368 billion, how big is it? It is one-tenth of 1 percent. That is the contingency fee which the Senator from Alabama thinks is a reasonable amount. I would suggest to him that he shouldn't prejudge what each State attorney general faced when they were asked by their taxpayers and consumers in the State to bring a lawsuit against these giant tobacco companies and entered into agreements with the various attorneys to help them do that.  In fact, I think quite honestly the Sessions amendment is designed to stop one lawsuit in particular--the Minnesota lawsuit. Attorney General Skip Humphrey of Minnesota said he is going to try it. Unlike the States of Mississippi and Florida, which have settled, the State of Minnesota has said we are going to take this to trial. The tobacco companies dread that prospect because, if, in fact, Minnesota goes to trial, then the documents which they have secreted, the documents which they have concealed for decades, will finally come to light.  I went to a meeting a few weeks ago, Senator Daschle's task force on this subject. And a representative of the tobacco companies came in, and said that if the Minnesota case goes to trial there will not be a tobacco settlement. They dread so the prospect that the things which they have secreted awayfrom public scrutiny will come to light that they, in fact, have said, ``Stop the Minnesota case.''  I believe the Sessions amendment wittingly or unwittingly will stop the Minnesota case. Is that fair? Is that fair after the State of Minnesota and so many other States have invested so much in this effort for us to step in at this moment, and say, ``We will void your agreements, we will void your contracts, we are the Federal Government, after all, and we will second-guess you?''  Some people even question whether Senator Sessions' amendment is constitutional. They wonder if we, in fact, under article I, section 10, of the Constitution can impair the obligation of contracts already entered into. But I don't know that we will resolve that constitutional question on the floor.  What we can accept as a reality is that if the Sessions amendment goes forward it will at least put a damper on any future lawsuits and perhaps stop them in place. They will be jumping for joy on tobacco road, if the Sessions amendment is successful. In aiming at the attorneys and their contingency fees, the Sessions amendment hits the public health community, which has had the courage to step forward with 40 attorneys general and sue the tobacco companies. The Senator from Alabama may think that he is sending a message to the attorneys of America about contingency fees. He is sending a message to tobacco companies that they still have a chance on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  I hope my colleagues will not support this amendment. In fact, I would like to let them know that if, in fact, my motion to table prevails and the Sessions amendment is not agreed to, that I will then offer a sense-of-the-Senate amendment of my own.  I would like to read it.       It is the sense of the Senate that attorney's fees paid in      connection with an action maintained by a State against one      or more tobacco companies to recover tobacco related costs      affected by Federal tobacco settlement legislation should be      publicly disclosed and should not displace spending in the      settlement legislation intended for public health.  The bottom line of my substitute would require each State, each attorney general, to make a public disclosure of their fee arrangement with any attorneys that have been brought into this lawsuit, and no moneys paid to those attorneys will be at the expense of the public health initiatives that are part of this settlement. Then in each State the attorney general, in most cases elected, will have to be held accountable as he or she should be for their decision.  I don't think that is unreasonable. And I think, as they come forward to explain to the taxpayers of their State that they entered into this contingency fee arrangement knowing that they might or might not recover, that the attorney's fee ultimately paid will be justified by the money coming back from the tobacco companies to the taxpayers of the State. Public disclosure--I don't think that is unreasonable.  But I do believe the Sessions amendment is unreasonable. What it seeks to do is begin to draft the national tobacco settlement agreement. And I don't think that is fair, and I don't think this is the appropriate time to do it.  The purpose of the Durbin-Collins amendment is to go back to where we started--to that point in time where the tobacco companies' offer of $368.5 billion, through the State attorneys general, came to Capitol Hill to be debated. It wipes off the books the $50 billion set-aside--the $50 billion giveaway--and it says we are back to the starting point.  If we adopt the Sessions amendment, I think we are going to jeopardize not only the active prosecution of these tobacco companies but jeopardize this settlement agreement.  I yield the floor. I reserve the remainder of my time.  