President, I thank the Senator for his contribution to this debate. I agree with him that there are many leaders in both political parties who come to this issue with complete sincerity. He has noted my predecessor, Senator Paul Simon of Illinois, the late Paul Tsongas of Massachusetts, Warren Rudman, and the list goes on--men and women who have taken the time to analyze this situation and have come to the conclusion that a balanced budget amendment is in the best interest of this Nation.  I respect all of those people, but I respectfully disagree with them when it comes to the specific language of this amendment. There is a reason why the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Rubin, after 26 years on Wall Street, came before our Judiciary Committee and testified that absent an amendment, such as the one I am offering today, this procedure that we are enshrining in the Constitution will tie our hands in times of economic emergency and recession. It will turn recessions into deeper recessions or even depressions. We can't justify that, in the name of clinging to the old school language of the balanced budget amendment. The Senator from New Hampshire says we may be within one or two votes.  I say to the Senator from New Hampshire, if we can sit down in a calm, bipartisan way and address two aspects of this balanced budget amendment, the supermajority gridlock when it comes to a national disaster or national economic emergency, and protection of the Social Security trust fund, I would daresay to my friend from New Hampshire that we would not be quibbling over two votes. This amendment would leave the floor of the Senate and the House with the kind of substantial bipartisan majority which would say to the legislatures across America that this amendment is a better one, a better version. But you know what happens in this town, in ``Wonderland, DC.'' Special interest groups get dug in. You can't change a word. If you touch a word of it, you are betraying all of the trust that has been given you. Please, how seldom we rise to amend this Constitution. Should we not do it in a way that is responsible, in a way that meets the requirements of our future?  You know, during the worst days of our budget deficits, during the Reagan and Bush administrations, there were many Members of the House--most are not serving now--that I served with, who used the balanced budget amendment as a figleaf for their fiscal recklessness. They would rush down and vote for these unbalanced budgets. They would lard up their districts. They would vote for big spending here and there. And then, when people said, ``Well, how do you explain doing this when it produces such deficits?'' ``I am for a balanced budget amendment, I want to amend the Constitution, and I want to make it against the law for people to do what I am doing. That shows you how sincere I am.''  Now we are like generals fighting the last war. That mentality, that language, brought to 1997 is what we want to put in and enshrine in this Constitution, saying that the wording and terms are inviolate, ignoring the realities. And, yet, the Treasury Secretary and over 1,000 recognized experts on the economy have come forward and warned us. They have warned us to think twice about this. It may have a surface political appeal. But how on God's green Earth is it going to work?  The chairman spoke eloquently in the debate on Thursday regarding my amendment and said, ``The very purpose of this provision of the distinguished Senator from Illinois is to make a balanced budget amendment easier to waive.'' He went on to say, ``Instead of trying to find ways to avoid fiscal responsibility, we ought to be working toward passing a strong balanced budget amendment that will help us to keep out of recessions in the first place.''  I would like to say to the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee that if he can help us craft an amendment that will abolish recessions in the American economy, I will certainly consider it carefully. But I do not think we gain anything by suggesting that a balanced budget amendment will put an end to the business cycle. With or without this amendment we will someday face a recession, and the question is, How will we respond?  For those who question whether or not this Senator from Illinois will vote for a balanced budget amendment, I have voted for five balanced budget amendments--five versions that protected Social Security, avoided the supermajority gridlock, and addressed important issues that protect the American people particularly in times of recession.  I would also like to make note of another element. Some say that this will lead to irresponsible behavior by the Senate and the House; that, if the Durbin amendment is adopted requiring only a majority vote, the people will exploit this amendment. I do not think the critics have taken a close look. If the critics of this amendment will read it carefully, they will see that, in my amendment, anxiety is not the basis for waiving the balanced budget. They will see that it requires, in fact, specific action by the House and by the Senate for waiving.  First, there must be an economic recession, or a serious economic emergency in the United States.  Second, Congress, must declare that there is such a recession, or serious economic emergency, by joint resolution.  Third, that resolution must be adopted by a majority of the whole number of each House.  Fourth, that resolution must become law, which means it must be signed by the President, or enacted over his veto by two-thirds vote of both Houses.  I do not believe that any future Congress will view this as an escape hatch to ignore the requirements of a balanced budget. If they do, it will be at their own political peril.  I believe that the requirement which I have in my amendment to the balanced budget amendment will require public accountability, a record vote, and the determination by the House and the Senate that, in fact, we do face an economic emergency.  The chairman has also said we do not need the Durbin amendment; that what we need to do is to run a surplus in our Treasury so we have a so-called rainy day fund that we can turn to to take care of working families who have lost their jobs. Unfortunately, the lead witness called by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to testify on behalf of the balanced budget amendment, former OMB Director James Miller, who is living proof of the redemption of politics, a man who has presided over a series of deficits as OMB Director and now is totally committed to a balanced budget since he no longer holds that position, came before us and said that, if he could change one thing in this balanced budget amendment, he would allow the Federal Government to establish a rainy day fund, or a stabilization fund.  Mr. Miller knows, I know, and I think most do, the language being offered by the chairman in Senate Joint Resolution 1 does not allow the creation of a surplus, or this rainy day fund, to be there when our economy is in need. That, I think, is a serious shortcoming.  Chairman Greenspan of the Federal Reserve Board, a man credited by bothpolitical parties despite controversy of having used monetary policy to stabilize our economy, was testifying before the Budget Committee when I asked him point blank, ``Are you for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution?'' He said that we should not put ``detailed economic policy'' into the Constitution. I asked him about the automatic stabilizers, the Government coming to the rescue of an economy because of a recession. He said, ``It is far better to have a surplus or rainy day fund.''  I am sorry to tell Chairman Greenspan that the balanced budget amendment before us today does not give us that option. It does not give us that option and, because it does not give us that option, is fatally flawed.  Let me speak to the supermajority vote again. Not only would a supermajority vote result in too many of our predecessors failing to ratify our Constitution but a supermajority vote--think about this for a moment. Think about it in the context of the last 24 months, the last 24 months when this Government was in such chaos and gridlock that we had Government shutdowns. Because of the requirement of a supermajority vote? No. Because of the requirement of a majority vote to extend the debt limit of the United States. Facing the need to pass a debt limit bill simply acknowledging our obligation for debt already incurred, or about to be incurred, we could not do it by majority vote. Without that debt limit extension, Federal law required that the functions of Government stop. The Government was shut down not once but twice for a total of 27 days at the cost to taxpayers of over $1.4 billion for the failure of Congress to muster a majority vote.  Now we hear from the proponents of this amendment, ``Trust me. If we get into trouble, if there is a regional economic recession, if there is a disaster, a Midwest flood, or hurricane in Florida, surely this Congress will come together and do the responsible thing.'' Well, we saw, unfortunately, in recent memory when the Congress did not rise to its responsibility, or rise to the occasion, and allowed these terrible Government shutdowns for lack of a majority vote. And now we are putting in the Constitution of the United States clear language to require a supermajority to respond to a national economic emergency.  The Senator from Idaho, Mr. Craig, said on Friday that past Congresses have passed economic stimulus packages in times of recession when they were needed with the necessary 60 votes, including 1993. Unfortunately, his recollection was not accurate. The inability to obtain 60 votes prevented enactment of antirecession legislation in 1993, and even the President's deficit reduction package, which turned out to be a tremendous boost to the economy, passed this body only when the Vice President voted with an ``aye'' vote. By supermajority it never would have occurred, and I am not certain where we would stand today in terms of our economic situation.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  