President, I thank the Senator from California for yielding time.  I rise in support of the Feinstein substitute. I think that we ought to reflect for a moment what we are about. This is not the passage of a congratulatory resolution, nor is it enactment of a law which can be reconsidered at a later date. We are talking about amending the Constitution of the United States. In the last 205 years of our history we have done that 17 times. We should pause and reflect, and I think reflect on what the Senator from California has noted as the obvious flaws and weaknesses in the balanced budget amendment that is being brought to us today.  Last night, many Members of the Senate were given the opportunity to visit the National Archives. I have to tell you quite honestly that in all the years I have lived in Washington I have not done that. I did last night, and saw the original of our Constitution. Just stopping for a moment, pausing, and looking at this great document in its original form humbles anyone who would call himself a modern day legislator. If we are to change the words of that great document, let us take care to do it rationally, calmly, and in a way that can be defended for decades to come.  I am concerned that this whole debate over the balanced budget amendment has taken on a different style, a different life of its own, a different velocity than most political issues.  We have over the last 10 or 15 years in Washington come to believe that this balanced budget amendment is the answer to America's prayers. Those who support it would suggest if we could just pass the balanced budget amendment, then things will be better--our debt lessened; interest rates will come down; the economy will forge forward helping everyone: businesses, working families alike.  I do not doubt that some of those suggestions are true, but I think we should pause for a moment and really reflect on whether or not we are exaggerating the impact of this amendment, whether we are overstating the case. We in America have done that many times in our history. We have found what we considered to be those silver bullets, those big fixes that this Congress, many of its supporters, came forward with and said this is what we will do to change America and its future.  For a moment, as we reflect about the historical impact of this debate, let us consider some of the big fixes in American history. Consider, for example, the battle for free silver. The free silver movement in the late 19th century called for unlimited free coinage of silver at a time when unstable economic factors were causing devastating economic depressions. Proponents of free silver, including the People's or Populist Party, agrarian interests, and silver miners, thought that free coinage of silver would increase the money supply, drive up the prices of agricultural products and help struggling farmers and working families.  In the famous speech of William Jennings Bryan, of Illinois, ``Thou shalt not crucify mankind on a cross of gold'' was his basic plea for free silver. He believed, as did many in his time, if we just had free silver, that would be what America's economy needed to prosper.  We hear echoes of William Jennings Bryan in the Chamber in this debate: if we just have a balanced budget amendment, then our Nation's problems will be solved. But some of us reflect on the fact that without a balanced budget constitutional amendment we are making real progress. We are, in fact, moving toward a balanced budget. We have seen more deficit reduction in the last 4 years than any time in this century. Our economy is moving forward, creating millions of jobs and opportunities for family farmers, for small businesses, for working families. And so as to the big fix of the balanced budgetamendment, one has to question whether or not it is truly necessary to put this in our Constitution.  Of course, after the free silver movement came another solution, the gold standard. This was an idea that had been kicking around for a long time. Unfortunately, it was too simplistic. Changes in the supply of gold were tied to mining discoveries rather than economic progress and caused shifts in commodity prices unrelated to the economy. The Gold Standard Act of 1900 reaffirmed the gold standard of the time, but by limiting the amount of base money in the economy the gold standard failed to allow the contraction and expansion of America's money supply. As the efforts to maintain the gold standard helped deepen the Depression, our Nation was forced to shift away from that gold standard. By 1971, dollars could no longer be exchanged for gold at an official rate. In 1976, the statutory link between the dollar and gold was officially severed.  I can tell you, after 14 years of service in the House, there were many of my colleagues during that period of time who still believed passionately in the gold standard. They felt that if we returned to a gold standard, America's economy would spring forward--echoes again of debate we hear on the balanced budget amendment: if we can just pass this amendment, this will certainly solve America's economic problems.  We went through an era of protective tariffs in America's history, too. This was another big fix. There were people who pushed for these tariffs, saying they would generate revenue for the Federal Government at the same time as protecting American manufacture and American agricultural production. The worst of these, the Smoot-Hawley tariff of 1930, which occurred right after the Depression started, is credited, if you can use the term, with driving the American economy even deeper into a depression.  In the early part of our Nation's history, the second half of the 19th century, the national banking issue was always on the forefront. It was one that was debated long and hard in this Chamber and by many others in terms of whether or not it would be the answer to America's problems. It was unable to fully address the problems of our Nation. Cooler heads prevailed. The idea of a national bank was amended.  The point of these stories is to show you that in a quick survey of our Nation's history the silver bullets do not always hit their intended targets. Big fixes, like this balanced budget amendment, do not always have the intended effects.  There is a critical difference between the suggestions of those in the past and what we are dealing with today. These were legislative proposals. If there was a mistake made on free silver or a national bank or the gold standard or a protective tariff, the next Congress could address it, change the law. But in this case, we are enshrining in our Constitution words that we believe will be the big fix. But what if we are wrong?  And the Senator from California raises questions about the inherent wisdom of the balanced budget amendment before us: Do we really want to put in our Constitution for all times language that threatens the future of the Social Security trust fund?  I think it has been clearly demonstrated with reports from the Congressional Research Service, with the statement of the Senator from California this morning, that we put our Social Security trust fund at risk with the balanced budget amendment that is before us.  We also know that this balanced budget amendment does not give Congress or the Federal Government the flexibility to respond to a national economic emergency or a natural disaster.  Over 1,000 economists have come forward in a rare show of unanimity and said this balanced budget amendment is bad economic policy for America. And yet when I offered an amendment to give more flexibility to respond to an emergency, it was rejected. I hope the Senator from California has better luck today. But her substitute will take care of that problem.  There is also a concern about gridlock. What the Senator from California is proposing is that an extension of the debt limit be approved by a majority vote and not three-fifths. Those of us who have even a short memory can recall that within the last 24 months we had the two longest shutdowns in Federal Government history because of the failure of Congress to rally a majority to extend the debt limit. This constitutional amendment will up the ante, will increase the responsibility, raise the bar--a three-fifths vote. I think the Senator from California is right in saying that when it comes to extending the debt limit, it should be done by majority vote.  I also applaud her comments on a capital budget. I would ask my colleagues to reflect on the fact that every business and virtually every State government has a capital and operating budget. At my town meetings people would come in and say: ``Congressman, you just don't get it. I balance my checkbook every month. Why can't you balance the books out in Washington?'' A good point.  But I always ask them a question: ``Do you have a mortgage on your home?''  ``Oh, sure.''  ``Do you pay it off at the end of every month?''  ``Oh, no. It's a 25- or 30-year mortgage.''  ``What's the difference?''  ``Well, this is a home that we are going to have for a long time. This is an investment, Congressman. This isn't the annual operating costs of our family. This is the annual investment of our family.''  Families understand that. Americans understand that. The question is whether Members of the Senate understand it because this balanced budget amendment makes no distinction between capital investments for the future of our Nation and the operating expenses.  And if we should decide, as part of the telecommunications revolution or for some other reason, to make a massive American investment in our future, in economic progress, this balanced budget amendment will tie our hands. It treats the interstate highway system the same way it treats the purchase of paper clips. That is wrong.  The Senator from California addresses that and gives to Congress, even with the balanced budget amendment, the authority to establish a capital budget.  Congress can and should balance the budget. I do not believe we need a constitutional amendment to do it. But if we are going to pass a balanced budget amendment, we must do it right. That is why I support the Feinstein substitute.  I cannot support a balanced budget amendment that jeopardizes Social Security, prohibits prudent capital planning, risks even deeper recessions and unemployment, and invites gridlock and danger of default on Capitol Hill. The Feinstein substitute protects Social Security; it allows a capital budget; it allows a way to provide for economic recessions and avoid the threat of gridlock and default.  The choice is clear. The Feinstein substitute is clearly the better choice, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Let me say in closing, those who are resisting any amendment to this underlying resolution, to the balanced budget amendment, I think are unfortunately taking the wrong approach. There are possibilities that those who support this amendment are just wrong. And if they are wrong, there is a lot at stake.  Would it not be better if we could come together with a bipartisan consensus to address the serious flaws in this bill? Would it not be better if there were a little humility on the floor of the Senate and the House, and an understanding that perhaps these words, although politically right, may not be right for America's future? Would it not be better if the Members of the House and Senate could take a little walk down through the National Archives, take a look at that Constitution, and realize the gravity of the decision we are about to make?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The Senator from Wyoming.  