President, I rise today to support the nomination of Merrick Garland to be judge on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. It is interesting today in this debate that many people have spoken and no one has questioned his integrity nor his ability. He was born in Chicago, graduated from Harvard College magna cum laude, Harvard Law School and, as has been said by other speakers, had a distinguished career both as a lecturer at Harvard Law School and partner in a prestigious firm, and then prosecuting cases in the District of Columbia during the past few years, served as well in the Department of Justice.  Despite Mr. Garland's obvious and many qualifications for this job, we must vote on whether he will serve on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. Frankly, we should leap at the opportunity to have him on that court. But we are not here today to consider the significant contribution Mr. Garland's appointment could have to the D.C. circuit. Rather, we are focusing on whether the D.C. circuit needs 11 judges rather than 10 judges.  I submit that this debate is not just about numbers. It is about the administration of justice; the fair, prompt, equitable, and thorough administration of justice is at stake. In all fairness, I must confess that I would rather err on the side of too many judges than too few. I would rather have too many judges doing too thorough and too thoughtful a job than too few judges rushed and careless in frantic efforts to handle their caseload. No one but the most shortsighted argues that the D.C. circuit does not need this 11th judge. Indeed, last year when the debate turned on whether a 12th judge was needed, the Reagan-appointed Judge Silberman was often cited in support of the effort to cut that 12th seat. However, he recently wrote to the Judiciary Committee and said, ``I still believe we should have 11 active judges.'' So why are we arguing about this 11th seat today?  Some argue that D.C. circuit judges handle fewer cases per judge than any other circuit. I won't make an analogy to the Supreme Court in the number of cases that they handle. We know they are cases of great moment, and they should have the time to deliberate them in an appropriate manner. But the smaller number of cases per judge is an inaccurate way of measuring the work of the D.C. circuit judges. Let me say, at the outset, that we cannot overlook the fact that this circuit, more than most--probably more than any--has many administrative appeals to consider. As the Federal appeals court sitting in the Capital, the D.C. circuit handles the lion's share of administrative appeals.  This chart that was prepared gives an idea of the administrative agency appeals filed per judge in all the Federal circuits across the United States. If you will note, D.C. circuit has 56 appeals filed per judge. Most other circuits are in the teens--the eighth circuit, only 8; the ninth circuit is 37. But it is a significantly different caseload that faces the judges in these circuits.  For those who are not familiar with these administrative cases, I suggest that you not dismiss them because of the word ``administrative.'' Let me show you what I mean. This is a file for one administrative law case that a judge must pore through to come to a good conclusion.  Let me show you another thing. This is a pro se petition from a prisoner in jail. There are many of these that are filed across the country. But consider the gravity and the challenge of this administrative appeal, as opposed to this rather smaller appeal in terms of volume. So these judges who serve in this circuit really bear an unusually large responsibility in extremely technical cases. Over the last 3 years, for which data is available, 45.3 percent of the cases filed in the D.C. circuit were administrative appeals of the size and complexity that I have just noted, compared with an average of 5.9 percent outside the D.C. circuit.  Let me also add here that I could go into detail, but I will not because I know it is the intent of the Chair to move this matter to a vote very quickly. I also want to comment for a moment on the period of time that this very able nominee has waited for confirmation. It is unfortunate. In fact, it is sad, and it borders on tragic, that men and women who are prepared to give their lives to public service, who have gone through a withering process of investigation, by the FBI, by the Judiciary Committee, by the White House, by the American Bar Association, and so many others, still must wait over a year, in many cases, for their nominations to be considered by the Judiciary Committee and by this Chamber.  I will tell you, a few days ago it was my good fortune to speak to a group of judges at the Supreme Court Building. As I walked through that building and saw the busts of great jurists who have served this country, I wondered how many of them could pass the test that we now impose on nominees today, how many of them would be willing to endure that test and to say that their family, friends, colleagues, and others that their lives will be on hold waiting for some decision from Capitol Hill. It does a great disservice to this country and to the judiciary for us to create a process that is so demanding that ordinary people would be discouraged from trying.  We have, in this case, an extraordinary individual, Merrick Garland, who has waited patiently now for over a year to be considered by this Judiciary Committee and by this U.S. Senate.  I hope those on the other side will make an effort to overcome the problems that we have seen over the past year. We really have to address the fact that there are so many vacancies on Federal benches across this country--not just in the District of Columbia but almost 100 nationwide--vacancies that need to be filled so that people will be treated fairly. If those vacancies are not filled with honest and competent individuals in a timely manner, it is a great disservice to this country.  I think we should move and move quickly to approve this nomination of Merrick Garland. I hope that his patience will be rewarded today, as it should be. I am certain, based on his background and all that I have come to know of him and my personal meeting with him, that he will make an extraordinary contribution.  We need the 11th judge in the D.C. circuit to handle this mountain of administrative appeals. How many people will come to us and complain, ``Oh, the case is in court, and it is going to take forever. What is going on, Senator? What is going on, Congressman? Why aren't the courts more responsive?'' Part of the problem is that the bench is vacant, the judges aren't appointed, and the caseload that has been imposed on these judges is overwhelming.  We can take care of one circuit today by the appointment of this fine man to fill this seat.  Thank you, Mr. President.  