I would like to respond to my colleague from Pennsylvania.  I voted for the welfare reform bill, and I thought it was long overdue. The welfare system in America definitely needs to be changed, reformed, and in many areas just plain abandoned. It was a system which had sustained many families, but it also captured many families and ensnared them in welfare dependency, and we knew it. And that is why on a bipartisan basis we voted for welfare reform. But I do not believe that it is accurate to assess the success of welfare reform strictly on the wisdom of that legislation.  Fortunately, we live in a time of an expanding economy that is creating jobs, creating opportunities for small businesses, for new housing starts. We are seeing the lowest controlled inflation in a long, long period of time. We are seeing the deficit come into control. And I have to say to my friend, the Republican from Pennsylvania, I don't think you can take any credit for that because, unfortunately, not a single Republican Member of this Senate at the time supported the President's plan for deficit reduction. It passed with all Democratic votes and the vote of the Vice President and passed by a scant margin in the House of Representatives with no Republican support. And because of the President's plan, we have had 5 straight years of deficit reduction and economic expansion, something the other party speaks of a lot but something the Democrats delivered.  And so when we talk about opportunities to come off welfare, what opportunity would there be if we were in a recession with fewer jobs for people who are searching for that first-time job opportunity. I am afraid very, very few. And I also have to take exception to the idea that this welfare reform was somewhere hammered into marble, Holy Writ, that should not be changed or addressed. The success of a man like Franklin Roosevelt as President of the United States was his recognition that he was not perfect. He would come up with good ideas and he would try to implement them. Some turned out to be wildly successful, like Social Security, others fell on their face. He had at least the good sense to come forward and say there are times when you should abandon a program or change it. The same is true when it comes to welfare reform.  I might remind my colleague from Pennsylvania that even this year the Republican leadership in the House and Senate acknowledged the shortcomings of our welfare reform bill, particularly when it came to those who are legal immigrants to the United States. That was a very unfair provision, to force people off of disability income because they were here strictly on the basis of being legal immigrants. These are not illegals but legally here in the United States. I offered an amendment today. I tried to correct another failing, as I see it, in the welfare reform bill and it relates to food for children, food stamps for children. These are children of legal immigrants living in the United States who were cut off their food stamps in April of this year. I will tell the Senator from Pennsylvania the decision of this Chamber today I think was the wrong one, to deny food stamps to these children. It is one that we will pay for over and over and over again. A hungry child in this country without appropriate nutrition is a child who is likely to have more medical problems,likely to fall behind in school, more likely to become a future welfare or crime statistic.  I cannot understand why this Congress, like so many businesses, and I guess so many people, cannot look ahead beyond the next budget. We live in a country where the biggest growth industry is the construction of prisons. There are 19 cities in my home State of Illinois competing right now not for a new business but for the latest prison to be built by our State. We have more people under lock and key in America than in any country other than Russia. Why?  Is it because we are just more violent, more prone to criminal activity? I think it is a much deeper question. It goes to our children, whether or not some of these kids can be rescued, can be saved, can be put on the right path in their lives. It involves a commitment. Yes, I believe in three strikes you're out, but I also believe in taking the necessary action to avoid the first strike. Give a child a chance with prenatal nutrition, with appropriate infant nutrition, with Head Start, with education, with mentoring, the kind of community support that counts. And yet this body I am afraid considers that to be squandering of national assets. We have all the money in the world to build a prison. We do not have all the money in the world to improve our schools. When my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun, comes forward with the crumbling schools proposal that says let us make sure the schools our kids attend are safe, that they have appropriate care for the children there, we find out that there are many people particularly on the Republican side of the aisle who say that is something that our Government should not worry about. I disagree. The shiniest new building in many cities across America is a prison; the one that is crumbling down is a school. What message does that send to children, to families and to our Nation?  When this Senate decided today to defeat my amendment not to send food stamps to these children, I am afraid it is a decision we will pay for for years to come. These kids are likely to become citizens of the United States. They are likely to be our neighbors, kids seeking jobs in the future. We are penny-wise and pound-foolish when we do not provide the basic necessities of life like food and health care and education for children.  So, yes, I supported welfare reform. I think the economy has sustained the kind of growth which has given welfare reform an opportunity to flourish but, for goodness sakes, why aren't we investing in our children? Why has this become so partisan and so strident that when we stand up with the Levin amendment and talk about more time for vocational education so that kids can get off welfare and go to work, it becomes a partisan vote? The Republicans say no; the Democrats say yes. Nothing happens. For the kid, the young man, the young woman who needs a chance at education, that was an important vote. And this Senate said no. That does not make sense. End welfare but end it responsibly. Make an investment in America's kids, an investment that will pay off for many generations to come.  