I thank the Senator from Florida for yielding.  I am honored to be a cosponsor on this resolution. There are so many things that we vote for in the Chambers of the Senate and House, and I often wonder what the average person in the street would do if they were faced with casting a yes-or-no vote on issues we face in the Chamber.  I think I know what they would do when it comes to this resolution. If we are talking about a substantial increase in medical research as a major budget priority, I think I know where the American people would end up on that. They would be supportive. They understand, as we do, what is at stake.  There have been a lot of things said in the Chamber, and I stand behind the statement of the Senator from California, the Senator from Maine and others, and they have recounted the work that has been done by NIH. I will not go on to repeat all those things, the breakthroughs that the National Institutes of Health has initiated. There are so many in the area of hip fractures, as the Senator from California said, breast cancer. The No. 1 leading cancer cause of death among women is lung cancer from smoking, but No. 2 and very serious is breast cancer.  What is happening at the National Institutes of Health in breakthrough research on bone marrow transplant is giving new hope to women who have learned that they have been diagnosed with breast cancer. That is something that every single husband, every father, everyone can identify with in a family as an important breakthrough.  Diabetes, heart disease, stroke, the list goes on and on. But I would like to ask my colleagues to think about this in a different and more personal context. I would daresay that in the next 12 months some Member of this Senate, someone sitting in the gallery, or someone listening to this debate will be seated in a doctor's office or a hospital when a doctor walks in the room and says that either myself or you or a loved one has been diagnosed with a serious illness. It takes your breath away to even think that it might happen, and yet we know it happens every day. You and I and everyone listening pray to God that the next words out of the doctor's mouth are, ``But I have good news. There is a promising new therapy. There is a new surgery. There is a new medicine. We think that we can conquer this.'' And your heart starts beating and you realize you have hope.  That is what this is all about. This is not about a budget resolution. This is not about numbers on a page. It is about the hope that every family wants to have when faced with this threat of a serious illness. This investment in the National Institutes of Health is money well spent, not just because it can lead to new cures and lead to people having longer lives and less suffering, but let me mention one other element that I do not know has been spotlighted.  Across America today young men and women are deciding what to do with their lives. We hope that a substantial number of them will dedicate their lives to science, to medical science, and to research. But if they fear that their education is not going to lead to a position where they can get involved in research, they are less likely to do so. When we make a commitment to medical research at the National Institutes of Health, we say to that class of young scientists, men and women, we have a job waiting for you. We need you and we need your talent and we need you to stick with it so that you can live through the satisfaction of finding a breakthrough in the field of medicine and in science.  So it is not just a matter of saving those who are ill. It is a matter of encouraging young people to dedicate their lives to medical research. And that is why the sense-of-the-Senate resolution offered by the Senator from Florida is so critically important.  The National Institutes of Health in 1995 funded approximately 2,140 research institutions and over 18,000 investigators. And yet, if I am not mistaken--and I stand to be corrected by my colleagues here--we are funding about one out of four or one out of five eligible research grants. In other words, there are three or four grants there that are very promising in medical research that we cannot fund.  