President, I thank my colleague from North Dakota, Senator Conrad, for supporting my amendment and joining in the debate. He has raised two very important issues. One relates to the future of Social Security and its involvement in balancing the budget. The other relates directly to my amendment, to whether a supermajority vote will be required in the House and the Senate in times of a national disaster or a national economic emergency for the Congress to decide to spend more than we have received in tax revenues that year.  The Senator from Utah, the chairman of the committee, has spoken in committee and on the floor. His point is made and made clearly. He believes that Social Security should compete with all the other Federal programs. He believes that it should be there with no special treatment, should not be excluded, should be brought to the debate and treated the same way. I respect his point of view. I disagree with it.  But in order to bring this back to my amendment, I would like to focus on the debate which started last Thursday and continues this afternoon.  Consider this possibility. If we are successful in balancing the budget in fiscal year 2002, as proposed by President Clinton and virtually all of the leadership in Congress, we will applaud, congratulate ourselves and believe, I think rightly, that our economy is in stronger shape. And now let's take a hypothetical.  In the next year, 2003, there is a downturn in the American economy. This is not an extraordinary event. In fact, history tells us that once every 5 years we face such a downturn. So our budget is in balance and the next year, millions of Americans, because of this recession, are out of work; men and women who have been paying Federal taxes, no longer working. Naturally, they are not paying the taxes.  On the other side of the coin, they are men and women who need a helping hand. They are men and women who need unemployment compensation from the Government. They are men and women who may need, in dire circumstances, food stamps to feed their children from the Government. They may also need Medicaid for hospitalization care of their children while they are unemployed from the Government. They may be determined to go back to work and headed for a job training program to get them qualified for another job, that training program coming from the Government. They may decide it is time to get that advanced degree or college degree and need to ask for a loan from the Government. In each of these instances, people who are not paying taxes, working families who, through no fault of their own, are out of work, turn to the Government for a helping hand.  Any economist is going to tell you your books are not going to be in balance that next year. Congress will then have to decide whether in the year 2003, in this hypothetical, we will not have a balanced budget, because we don't want to relegate millions of unemployed Americans to the ash heap of economic history. We want to make certain they have the same chance other families have had to get back on their feet, and that is the purpose of the Durbin amendment.  How will we reach that decision? Under the amendment to the Constitution being offered by the chairman, the Senator from Utah, it would take a three-fifths vote of the House and the Senate, approved by the President in order for us to decide, yes, in the year 2003, we are going to waive the requirements of a balanced budget in order to get the economy moving again, in order to get people back to work, not to risk going more deeply into the recession.  The chairman stands and says this supermajority requirement, this 60-percent requirement, is not unreasonable. Surely, he says, the House and the Senate, faced with this economic challenge, will rise to the occasion, cast partisanship aside, avoid the personalities, rally around the flag, stand behind the families. I say to the chairman and to others of like mind, history suggests it might not be that easy.  In the desk of each Senator is a publication known as the Senate Manual. It contains a lot of information about the rules of the Senate, and it also contains the Constitution of the United States.  I ask the chairman to consider the following: When our Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, which we are seeking to amend with this resolution, there were 13 colonies organized under the Articles of Confederation. And they said that 9 of the 13 colonies would have to ratify the Constitution for it to go into effect.  Think about this: The birth of our Nation, the creation of the United States of America, and turning to 13 legislatures in 13 colonies, this Constitution was given to them, asking them to be a part of our Federal system.  What if we had given them the Constitution with a supermajority requirement in each of the legislatures? What if we had said to them, ``Just to make certain that you don't do anything rash, we are going to require a 60-percent vote from the legislature of each colony to ratify the Constitution, and it will take 9 of the 13 colonies to do it''?  Mr. President, I am not certain we would be a federal nation today, because if you reflect on the votes actually cast in each of the 13 colonies, you will find, unfortunately, that 5 of the 13 did not meet the supermajority requirement. Only 8 of the colonies would have met the chairman's supermajority requirement.  So, though he believes we can rise to the occasion in economic recession, history tells us that even in the creation of this Republic, a supermajority requirement would have complicated things, slowed them down. I don't know if we would be standing today on the floor of the Senate of the United States of America. It is anyone's guess. But the suggestion that a supermajority requirement is something easy to come by belies history.  What my amendment says is that a majority is necessary to make this decision. So, if we face a natural disaster--the big one in California, a hurricane in Florida, a hurricane in North Carolina--or a national recession, that we will come together as a national legislature and decide for that given year we will waive the requirement of a balanced budget because of a national economic emergency, a national disaster.  The chairman suggests people will abuse this. They are going to call everything a national economic emergency. I don't think so. I think history tells us over the last 4 years, with the Clinton administration, with both a Democratic Congress and a Republican Congress, there has been a real commitment to deficit reduction.  The chairman is standing next to his leaning tower of unbalanced budgets and suggesting to us that this is going to go on forever. But if the chairman would look closely over the last 4 years, he will see they are somewhat different than the other 24 years, because we have come to a bipartisan conclusion that we should and can reduce the deficit in a responsible way.  President Clinton's administration, with the cooperation of a Democratic Congress and a Republican Congress, have brought 4 straight years of deficit reduction. This is the first time that has occurred in this century and far into the last century. So it suggests Congress has the message and has the goal in mind and is moving toward it in the right way.  The chairman has said to us many times, this is something the American people want, a balanced budget, and heis right, not just by our empirical evidence of visiting our States and speaking to our constituents, but also by sophisticated polling time and again. People come forward and say, ``Let's have a balanced budget.'' But I say to the chairman, I will also add a couple things to that.  If you would ask them whether they want to protect the Social Security trust fund as part of balancing the budget, they want that in an overwhelming way.  If you would ask them whether or not it is right for our Nation to come to the rescue of families unemployed in the midst of a recession, for the Nation to come together to offer things to families to get back on their feet, I think you will find an overwhelming response. Because the bottom line for most American families, whose senses are dulled by all this economic theory rhetoric, is whether or not they are doing well for themselves.  Are people in their households working? Do they have a job? Do the kids have a chance for a bright future? Is our economy expanding, creating good-paying jobs? I think that really is a bottom-line question. In election after election that is the test we are held to.  This amendment does not meet this test. This amendment, by requiring a supermajority vote, says that this Senate of the United States and the House of Representatives will hold itself to such a standard as to question whether or not we can rise to the occasion when there is an economic necessity.  