President, I have been listening to this debate, and it reminds me of a lesson I learned in politics many years ago. The teacher was a fellow who was my boss at the time in Illinois in the Illinois State Senate by the name of Cecil Partee. He was president of the senate. He was an African-American Senator from the city of Chicago. He used to say, when it comes to political decisions, you will always hear a good reason for a decision, but you may not hear the real reason.  We have heard a lot of good reasons from the other side as to why they might oppose the Hatch-Kennedy proposal, but very few of them are willing to articulate the real reason that they oppose it. Some have said it is a mandate, a Federal mandate. You hear the word over and over and over again. I went through the legislation again, and I have to tell you, they should read it more closely. This is voluntary. Each State will decide whether to participate and under what terms they will participate. There is no Federal mandate, there is an opportunity here for a State to address a problem, a problem which I think both Democrats and Republicans would agree is a serious national health problem: 10.5 million uninsured children in America. These are kids who do not get the appropriate medical care, the children of working families, families that, unfortunately, do not have health care benefits that many of us enjoy. These kids deserve the same level of protection, and it would be voluntary for each State to determine whether or not they want to participate in the program.  Then, of course, there is this argument that this is not part of the budget agreement. Senator Kennedy made a point very well a few minutes ago that the actual budget agreement before us has a specific reference in every type of program. So if these so-called good reasons--the mandate and going outside the four corners of the budget agreement--are not the real reason, what is the real reason for the opposition to the Hatch-Kennedy amendment? I think the real reason is very obvious. This is the last gasp of the tobacco lobby to stop a 43-cent-a-pack tax on cigarettes. They know what is going to happen.  When you raise the price of cigarettes, as has been demonstrated in Canada and so many other countries, children are less inclined to start smoking. They cannot afford it. Look what this means in terms of the impact upon our public health. Increasing the Federal tax by 43 cents a pack is going to mean 16.6 million fewer smokers, 5.3 million fewer children dying prematurely and 835,000 children's lives saved.  It is going to mean a lot fewer sales for tobacco companies, too. That is what this is about. They know that if we put this Federal tax in place, kids will stop smoking, they are less likely to be addicted to the product, and, down the line, they will not be the steady customers the tobacco industry needs to stay in business.  It is no accident that over 80 percent of smokers today started smoking before the age of 18, over half before the age of 16. When they are immature and make a rash decision to start using chewing tobacco or spit tobacco or cigarettes, they become addicted to nicotine, an addiction which will claim one out of three of them in terms of lives lost.  So that is what this debate is about. It is about a tax which an industry is fighting. They will not come out and say it on the floor because, quite honestly, it is not a popular thing to say. Overwhelmingly, the public supports an increase in the cigarette tax. I will tell you that 76 percent of the women, 69 percent of Independent voters, 67 percent of Republican voters, 79 percent of Democrat voters understand that this tax is a reasonable, revenue-raising measure to pay for an important national priority.  I think it is time to blow through this smokescreen from the tobacco lobby. As they say in the ads here: Take your pick, Senator. Who are you going to stand with, Joe Camel or a little boy named Joey who is uninsured? This is an easy choice for me. It should be for every Member. I think the Senate owes Senators Hatch and Kennedy, because of their leadership, a clear vote on this issue. I think with that clear vote, we will say definitively that the real reason for the opposition to this amendment is not a good reason, that we in fact are going to give to each State the opportunity to participate in a program to insure their children. We will pay for it with a tax on tobacco products.  Frankly, let me add this, too. For those who say, why do you keep picking on tobacco? Why do you zero in on cigarettes so much? Take a look at this chart.  In 1993, cigarettes killed more Americans than AIDS, alcohol, car accidents, fires, cocaine, heroin, murders, and suicides combined. This is not just another issue. This is the No. 1 public health issue in America. With this bill we not only insure the children who need the insurance, we attack a problem which is claiming lives every single day.  Will the Senate have the courage to rally behind this Hatch-Kennedy bill? I certainly hope so. And for good reason we can stand up and say to the people of America, we are protecting your children, not just with insurance, but also with a tobacco tax which discourages children from taking up tobacco habits.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  