President, this is a sense-of-the-Senate resolution involving a very sad situation. This amendment expresses the sense-of-the-Senate that the Government of Peru should respect the rights of prisoners to timely legal procedures, including the rights of all United States citizens currently being held in prison in Peru.  This amendment was included in the State Department authorization bill that has been enacted by the House of Representatives. It was offered in that Chamber by my colleague from Illinois, Congressman Tom Ewing. It was accepted as part of the chairman's en bloc amendment.  The purpose of this amendment is to encourage the Government of Peru to bring to trial two young Americans who have been held in prison in Peru for more than 7 months without being formally charged or brought to trial. These two young Americans have received a lot of publicity in the United States. One from the State of Illinois, Jennifer Davis, and another, Krista Barnes of California, have admitted their guilt to a serious crime. They were arrested in Peru when they were 19- and 20-year-olds, respectively, after being recruited by drug smugglers in attempting to carry powdered cocaine out of Peru.  These two teenagers made a tragic mistake. They are prepared to accept the legal penalties for their actions. And it will be a harsh penalty. They and their parents are only asking that they be brought to trial by Peruvian authorities and convicted so that they can be extradited to the United States to serve their sentences.  The physical conditions under which Jennifer and Krista are being held are in violation of the basic spirit and letter of international human rights agreements, to which Peru is a signatory. I have spoken to their parents. The prison where they are being held is extremely overcrowded. Basic health care is not provided. Nourishment is inadequate. There is sexual and other violence taking place. The shared bathroom facilities have no running water and are extremely filthy, and disease is rampant.  The amendment specifically states that any individual engaged in the export of illicit drugs and convicted in a court of law should face stiff penalties. But the amendment also states that individuals engaging in the export of illicit drugs should have the right to a timely trial.  I know this is an important matter to many families in Illinois who are friends of Jennifer Davis. They understand the serious mistake she has made. They understand that she will pay a price for it that she will never, ever forget. All they are asking for is humane treatment, that she be brought to trial and, if convicted, we can then apply for extradition to the United States.  What we are asking of Peru is nothing new. The government of that country has already signed international agreements saying that they will treat all prisoners in a humane way, and that they will bring prisoners to trial. So I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me in the approval of this sense-of-the-Senate resolution as an amendment to the Foreign Affairs bill which is presently under consideration.  At this point, I yield the floor.  