President, we have reached a historic juncture. Our Nation has not had a balanced budget since fiscal year 1969, the last budget year of President Lyndon Johnson's tenure. The budget deficit began to grow under President Nixon, rose to $74 billion during the recession we faced under President Ford, dipped and then steadied under President Carter, until recession hit again and pushed the deficit to nearly $80 billion. Then it ballooned to more than $200 billion after the Reagan tax cuts in the early 1980's. It declined to around $150 billion, then skyrocketed during the recession under President Bush. Quite a roller coaster ride; all of it in red ink.  Many of us believed we could meet our responsibility to live within our means while helping our economy to move forward. What we needed was leadership, not only in the White House but on Capitol Hill. When President Clinton arrived, the deficit stood at an all-time high of $290 billion. The economy was in stall. It was not mere luck which has given us 7 years of economic growth and a declining deficit. Many circumstances are beyond the control of any political leader, but leaders can make a difference.  President Clinton set a course for economic growth and spending reduction and invited the Nation to follow. It was difficult medicine: Tax increases for those who had benefited most from the tax breaks of the 1980s, spending reductions in programs most Americans support, targeted tax relief for working families, and targeted investments in programs that would strengthen the Nation.  Congress took the decisive and difficult step of passing President Clinton's deficit reduction and economic growth package. It was a politically costly step. It cost many Members their political lives. Unfortunately, not a single Republican supported the President's plan and it passed in this Chamber only when Vice President Gore cast the tie-breaking vote. But it laid the groundwork for the budget package before us.  The difficult votes some of us cast in 1993 helped to produce a strong, growing economy with a Federal budget deficit that has declined steadily. The deficit was $290 billion when the President took office. It is conservatively estimated to be $67 billion this year, and could end up below $40 billion. Deficit reduction and targeted investment stimulated economic expansion, which created more revenue and produced more deficit reduction, so that now some people really anticipate the possibility that we will achieve a balanced budget as early as next year. When we considered President Clinton's plan, it was called a deficit reduction plan. No one dreamed that it would end up being a balanced budget plan. To the surprise of most economists, that possibility is within our grasp, even this year.  All of this occurred because of President Clinton's leadership and the support of the Democrats in Congress in 1993. We can be proud of these achievements. We can take some satisfaction in knowing that our hard work in 1993 made it possible for another exercise of leadership in 1997, to produce this balanced budget resolution. We can also take some satisfaction in knowing the economy is strong. Look at the report card. Unemployment and inflation, the combined rate, 8.7 percent, the best since President Lyndon Johnson.  