I thank the good lady for yielding.  This is a solemn moment. The gentleman from the Mariana Islands just gave a presentation. I would like to think Senator Inouye and I played a role in making sure he could stand on this floor and give that presentation.  Danny Inouye, the Senator from Hawaii--actually, he was the third Senator from Alaska. And excuse me, Danny, for saying this; I don't want to call you Senator at this time, but just Danny. He was always able to reach across the aisle and solve problems of the noncontiguous States with my friend, Senator Stevens. Hand-in-hand, two veterans. One lost an arm and one flew 36 missions over the Hump. Together, they were one, they were brothers, and they said that so many times--brothers in arms, brothers in supporting two noncontiguous States, brothers in solving problems for people across the aisle.  I didn't serve with Danny, but I knew him well because he was a friend of my people, the Alaska Natives. In fact, we had him 2 years ago at the AFN convention speaking to the need and necessity for the Hawaiian Natives to be recognized as the Alaskan Natives were.  He was an icon--a person that could work together. And he was--think about this--a young man that was Japanese. He was not in an internment camp. He volunteered for the America that he loved. He loved and served and lost, but he always won. He always won. But he did that by reaching the one arm he had left in his hand and shaking that hand and saying, Let's do it together. Let's work together. Let's not have the animosity, the rancor that's occurring today.  In fact, when I think about it a moment, I think, Danny, God bless you. You're in heaven. Hawaii is better off. Alaska is better off. But if we don't change our ways, you would be terribly disappointed. You would not be happy the way things are happening in this Congress, including the United States Senate.  And so, Danny, I will tell you one thing. You have Alaskans--especially my wife, my children, and my grandchildren--that thank you for the efforts you put forth to take the aboriginal people and bring them into the mainstream of life, with the help of Senator Ted Stevens.  So God bless you, Danny, Senator from Hawaii, and the third Senator for the State of Alaska.  