Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5652, to stop sequestration of our Nation's defense. We need certainty in the future of our national defense.  We need certainty in the industry that serves our national defense. We can't wait until January to make decisions about sequestration, what the funding is going to be. The Pentagon will begin in the next month to prepare industry to begin stopping contracts, not issuing contracts, basically putting small suppliers out of business, putting small contractors out of business.  It is important for the readiness of our Nation, to defend our Nation, that we avoid sequestration at all costs. There is much more to be said about this. This is serious. When we talk about sequestration regarding our national defense, this, my colleagues, is serious. We've got to take this first step so, before the deadline, we can complete this job.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5652, the Sequester Replacement Reconciliation Act of 2012. It is the first step we must take if we are to avert sequestration and prevent the dismantling of our national security.  Contrary to what some would say, this is not just a political exercise today. This is a very real action that we must take for our nation to avoid the threat to our national security and our nation's economic security if we do not stop sequestration from taking place next January.  The Secretary of Defense and our nation's senior military leadership have all warned of the severe consequences we face if automatic sequestration takes effect next year. We are a nation at war in Afghanistan, we face multiple threats around the globe, our troops are stretched thin from multiple deployments, and our equipment is wearing out.  These situations will only grow worse with sequestration as we are forced to further draw down our forces and significantly scale back--if not stop altogether--the repair and replacement of our vehicles, aircraft, and ships. And the prospect of a hollow force would be an almost certainty as training and maintenance would be delayed and canceled.  As the Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on National Defense, I know that we have already made a number of difficult spending decisions--$39 billion of cuts last year and any major reductions as required by sequestration will affect the readiness of our troops. I also know that any decision we are going to make about averting sequestration cannot wait until the eleventh hour, as so many other decisions are made before recess.  Our service chiefs tell me that planning will have to begin this summer on how to respond to sequestration. Industry leaders are already hearing the award of contracts will be delayed and that the advance procurement of material and equipment will be postponed. This will not only affect the large defense contractors, but will impact thousands of small businesses in every part of our nation who provide unique components for some of our most critical defense systems.  At a time when our national security remains at risk from emerging threats abroad and from ongoing terrorist operations, our nation's economy also remains at risk from a softening job market that will only worsen with the closure of small defense suppliers and layoffs at larger defense contractors.  The Secretary of Defense has already warned that sequestration could add a full one percent to our nation's unemployment rate--many of these as a direct result of civilian furloughs and military personnel draw downs, but also from the companies and small businesses back home who are second and third-tier suppliers for contracts that will be abrogated or canceled.  Mr. Speaker, this cannot be an issue on which we act then sit and wait for our colleagues in the Senate to respond. This is an issue on which we must work together, in an expedient manner, to send a message to our nation's military leadership and to the leadership of industry that we are serious about averting this crisis and that we are committed to working in a bipartisan manner to do it sooner rather than later.  Our military leadership wants certainty. They want certainty for our troops in the field and for their families at home. The leaders of business and industry want certainty so they can make the investments they need to make to help us rebuild our worn out force. And small business suppliers want certainty that they will be able to continue providing the critiical components for systems that are in many cases their only line of work.  Mr. Speaker, the specter of sequestration is a serious national security issue and it is a serious national economic issue. This is not an issue that will be solved by talking at one another. This is an issue that will only be solved by working together in the best traditions of this House and the Senate. We have risen to the challenge before and we can do so again. The legislation we consider today is a first step in this process. We can't wait or we will face the most severe and in my opinion irreversible consequences for the security of our nation.  