Mr. Speaker, I've been very disturbed to hear today that it's inappropriate for the National Rifle Association to take a position on this resolution.  It should be clear to everyone that as a long-time NRA board member, I take a back seat to no one on Second Amendment issues. On this resolution, I can tell you that it is entirely appropriate for the NRA to take a position.  We are here today because Congress has a duty to hold our government accountable. We have a duty to ensure those in charge protect the public and the Constitution. Congress was misled when Administration officials initially briefed the appropriate Congressional committees. The U.S. Attorney General's office denied knowledge of a gun walking operation after whistleblowers reported troubling allegations. However, they later admitted certain officials with the Attorney General's office did have knowledge at the time Congress initially reviewed allegations of gun walking.  I am deeply troubled by reports the ATF forced law abiding gun dealers to do something they knew was wrong--to sell guns to individuals they normally would not sell to. The Administration designed this outrageous program to reportedly reduce gun violence along our SW border. And an innocent American Border Patrol agent paid the ultimate price for this ill-conceived plan.  There are those who believe that there were ulterior motives at play. We already know about at least three e-mails from ATF officials discussing how they could use information from ``Fast and Furious'' to make the case for a new gun control proposal--the Obama administration's proposal to impose a new--and, I believe, illegal--reporting requirement on dealers who sell multiple long guns to individuals in the southwest border states. The administration has defended that rule in court, and by their logic there's no reason it couldn't be expanded to all guns in all states.  That would be a system of national gun registration. And that makes this a Second Amendment issue.  We as elected lawmakers must have all relevant facts to hold whoever approved Operation Fast and the Furious accountable. I stand with my colleagues here today who believe that the Oversight Committee has been denied all relevant evidence on who approved this terrible operation. The Oversight Committee's investigation has been thorough. The committee has followed the evidence in pursuit of the truth, not in pursuit of a political agenda. What brings us here today is the fact that this effort has been stonewalled by this Justice Department and this White House. The American people deserve to know the truth. The family of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry deserves to know the truth. Members of Congress deserve to know the truth. Today's vote will bring us one step closer to learning the truth.  