President.  I think one thing the Senator from Texas, Mrs. Hutchison, failed to say is that she has legislation to do the very thing she is talking about that is critical to more than just the economy of this country and just the price of oil but also to our national security.  I can remember in 1985 serving in the other body. At that time, we and Secretary of the Interior Hodel had a dog-and-pony show where we would go around the Nation and explain to people in consumption States that our dependency on foreign sources for our oil was a national security issue. That means we are dependent upon them for our ability to fight a war. This is an incontrovertible fact. In fact, if you go back to World War I, the wars have been won by those countries that have control of the energy.  I certainly applaud Senator Hutchison for her legislation. I am a cosponsor.  I think this is one of the ways we do it. We have two major sources in this country that we need to tap: One is in the State of Alaska, and offshore. I have been up there. I know how compatible that is to the ecology up there. I believe we are going to have to do it. Of course, in our areas, to some degree--Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Texas in the oil belt--we have tremendous reserves. But all of it is in shallow steppes.  She talks about 15 barrels a day. I used to do this for a living. I was a tool dresser on a table tool rig. Nobody knows what a table tool rig is anymore. But at that time, you had to work and work very hard.  It costs us in the United States of America 10 times as much to lift a barrel of oil out of the ground than it costs in Saudi Arabia.  You would think we were smart enough in this country to learn from experience, but we are not. In 1973, we were going through exactly the same thing we are going through today. The OPEC countries could produce oil cheaply. They had control of this. We were at that time only 36-percent dependent upon them, but that was enough for them to control to the extent they lowered the price and starved out the small, marginal well producers and stripper producers. They were no longer able to stay in business.  It is not easy to say: It is fine now because it is $38 a barrel, or $28 a barrel. It doesn't work that way. There has to be a predictability of price.  When you are making an investment decision to drill one of these wells, that has to be made about 6 months before you actually go into the ground. If you have fluctuating prices, you can't find many people who are willing to risk their capital to go in the ground. We have to have predictability. The only way we are going to have that is with a national energy policy.  I have probably been the chief critic of this administration in every area, from energy to national defense. But in this case I have to, in all fairness, say we do not have a national energy policy. We tried to get a national energy policy under President Reagan, under President Bush, and certainly under President Clinton. We have not been able to do it. This is where we are going to have to concentrate our efforts.  I think people who are concerned about prices need to understand there is another thing coming, and that is the EPA. Truck drivers have been requesting that Congress step in to reduce the cost of diesel fuel. If they think prices are high now, wait until the EPA finalizes their sulfur and diesel rule. I have talked to small refiners. They do not know how they can operate at that particular level. That is going to have a direct effect. It could double the cost of diesel.  Yesterday, Carol Browner said she wanted to eliminate the oxygenate mandate in fuels. However, she wants to mandate that all fuels contain a 1.5-percent renewable component. That means the cost is going to go up. It is done under the banner of the ecology.  The issue we are dealing with today is far more serious than just the price of gas at the pumps or the price of oil to heat our houses. This is a national security issue. We are now dependent upon foreign sources for our ability to defend America.  It has to come to a stop. The only way it can come to a stop is develop a national energy policy, the cornerstone of which is a percentage beyond which we cannot go beyond for dependence on foreign sources. I applaud the chairman for his efforts and join in the efforts to bring about such a policy.  