President, I wouldn't want anything I say to be misinterpreted by anyone as to how I am going to be voting on the defense authorization bill under consideration. I am going to strongly support it, although it is strongly inadequate for the needs we are faced with right now. I am realistic enough to know that when we get into a rebuilding program, that is going to have to happen under a different administration than the administration we have had over the last 7\1/2\ years.  I was elected to the House of Representatives in 1986; my first term was 1987. It happened that a very smart young Congressman from Texas named Dick Armey made the decision that we were going to have to do something about excess infrastructure and devised a way, this smart guy who got his Ph.D. from the University of Oklahoma, to take politics out of the base realignment and closing process. I strongly supported him.  The first round voted on, I believe, in 1987, to be implemented in 1989, about which I spoke on the floor of the House and supported, was one that I felt this country did need. So for the first two of the four rounds we have already had, it was cherry-picking time. Yes, we closed bases and installations that resulted in a tremendous savings, and it was good.  The third and the fourth rounds didn't work out that way. We have to keep in mind that it had always been virtually impossible politically to close installations because of the politics involved. There are always Members of the House and Senate who don't want anything closed in their States. Consequently, this system that was devised, this BRAC process, was to take politics out. Everyone agreed, even though they didn't like the results, that there had to be a process free from politics to do that. It worked out for the first four rounds.  The last round that came through in 1995 was one where, among other things, the BRAC committee evaluated the air logistics centers. There are five of them in the United States, and each one was operating at that time at 50-percent capacity. Any logical business conclusion would demand that we close two of them and transfer the workload to the remaining three. I heard the distinguished Senator from Michigan talk about the process, about the fact that privatization in place is something that would be precluded in the next BRAC round, if he is successful in getting that authorized. I suggest that if somebody in the White House wants to violate the integrity of this process, it is not only privatization in place that will happen. He can find out some other way of doing it.  We are going to have, it now appears, one of two people as the next President of the United States. It will either be Vice President Al Gore or George W. Bush. In the case of Vice President Gore, let's remember what happened in the 1995 round. They made the recommendation to close two and transfer the workloads of the remaining three. They evaluated all five air logistics centers and determined that the twoleast efficient ones were at McClellan Air Force Base in California and Kelly Air Force Base in Texas.  That being right before the election and both being in vote-rich swing States, the President and the Vice President went to McClellan and then to Kelly and said: Don't worry; even though they said that we are going to close your bases, we are not going to let that happen. We are going to--and just out of the air he grabbed a phrase--``privatize in place.'' Well, that made it very clear that if you really want to figure out a way to politicize the system, you can do it.  Who was it at that time who made the announcement out at McClellan in California and at Kelly in Texas? It wasn't President Clinton. It was Vice President Al Gore. I said when I began that one of those two individuals, Gore or Bush, is going to be the next President. I will fight to the bitter end, until at least the time we know who the next President is going to be, before I will vote to authorize future BRAC rounds in that one of the candidates, Vice President Al Gore, has already demonstrated that he will induce politics back into a system that is supposed to be free of politics. I think that has to be considered.  The second issue is, in this rebuilding process, I believe that if the next President of the United States is George W. Bush, having had personal conversations with him, he recognizes that we are in the same hollow force situation we were in in 1980 when Ronald Reagan became President and had to start a massive rebuilding program.  What is a massive rebuilding program today? The Joint Chiefs have all said, in testimony before our committee, with Senator Levin and myself present, that we need to have an additional $140 billion over the next 6 years to reach the minimum expectations of the American people. What are the minimum expectations of the American people? It is to defend America on two regional fronts. This has been a concept most Americans think we can do today, and we cannot do that simultaneously.  So if we start this rebuilding process and it is going to be as significant as we think it is going to be, then we need to be looking at what our infrastructure needs will be then, not what they are today. If we have artificially lowered our force strength in this country to an artificially low level, we don't want to bring our infrastructure down to the same level because when we start to rebuild, we don't know what our infrastructure needs will be.  That is the whole point. We will know with the new administration, and we will be able to project in the future what that is going to be. The argument is used that we can't have it both ways and we need to have more money. That is true. I think we need to have a lot more money than we have right now. In fact, we have testimony from the service chiefs that, even with the budget we have today, we are still inadequate to the degree of about $11 billion-plus a year in order to start the rebuilding process and get to the point we just described.  Why would we be in a hurry to do this? When they talk about the fact that we are going to have savings, we know those savings aren't even going to take place in the best scenarios until, at the earliest, 2008. In fact, I will read out of a March 2, 2000, news article that quotes Bill Cohen. He said it will be somewhere between 2008 to 2015.  Now that is beyond the point, hopefully, that we have a crisis in this country. Our crisis is here today. There are a lot of people who would like to believe there is not a threat out there because the cold war is over. I look wistfully back to the days of the Cold War. At least we knew who the opposition was. We had two superpowers, and we had good intelligence on both sides. We knew what they had, and they knew what we had. We were able to address it. Today, we have all these rogue nations that all have weapons of mass destruction. We have countries that possess missiles that will reach to the United States of America, China, Russia, North Korea, and maybe others--warheads that could blow us up.  I come from Oklahoma, and I think most of the people realize it was just 5 years ago in April that we had the most devastating domestic terrorist attack in the history of America. It happened in Oklahoma. When you saw the pictures of that Murrah Federal Office Building, you saw parts of bodies that were stuck to the wall in that flaming building and the absolute devastation, and you stopped to realize that the smallest nuclear warhead known to man today is 1,000 times that powerful.  So here we are vulnerable, with no defense system at all on an incoming missile. Secondly, we are at one-half the force strength in 1991 during the Persian Gulf war. We have one-half of the Army divisions, one-half of the tactical air wings, one-half of the ships floating out there. Our force strength is down. At the same time, under this administration, we have had more deployments in the last 7 years than we had in the previous 40 years collectively. They have been in areas where we don't have national security interests. So we are taking these rare assets we have, and we are putting them into places such as Kosovo and Bosnia, where we should not have gone in the first place.  So facing that 1980 dilemma our rebuilding is going to have to start immediately for national security reasons. I would like to think that by 2008 we would be back where we were in 1986 after the rebuilding. I have no way of knowing that for sure, but let's hope that is the case.  Anyway, while the Senator from Arizona said it is not at all sure, he said, to be perfectly candid, that we are going to be able to save $20 billion over that period of time. There is one thing I suggest we are sure of, which is that the cost over the next 5 years is going to be $2.6 billion. That means it is going to be negative during this time that we have to start the rebuilding process. Things, right now, are in a much more deplorable condition than America wants to believe.  As chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, I have had occasion to go to all the military installations around the world, and I don't like what I see. We have RPMs, real property maintenance accounts, that are supposed to be done immediately, taken care of, and they are not doing it. We have barracks in Fort Bragg where when it rains--and I was there when it rained--the roof has been leaking now for years. They are unable to fix that because they don't have the money to do it. Our troops are actually lying down over their equipment to keep it from rusting. It is a crisis.  You can go to the 21st TACOM over in Germany and look at our M-915 trucks. Many of them have over a million miles on them. They are spending as much in maintenance on each one over the next 3 years as it would take to buy a brand new truck. It is a crisis that we don't have the money to buy new trucks when we need them. It is not feasible to do it that way, but that is our only choice.  We don't have spare parts for airplanes. The cannibalized rate is higher than ever before. That means they bring in a crated F-100 engine to be put into an F-l6, and in order to keep the F-l6 there running with a fairly recent engine, they have to rob parts from this. It is highly labor intensive. Consequently, we are having a problem in retention that is not only with pilots, which is an-all time low, but also the mechanics putting those parts in.  Our pilot retention in the Navy right now is below 20 percent. It costs between $6 million and $9 million to train each one of them. Yet over 80 percent of them are leaving and not taking the second full tour of duty. The mechanics fixing the planes are leaving, too. I have talked to these people, and they say this country has lost its sense of mission. It is not keeping its strength. We can't buy bullets for guns. Talk to the Air Force people who go out to the red flag exercises at Nellis in the desert. They have cut them down so they don't believe they are getting the necessary training to be combat ready and to compete.  Look at our modernization program. Now we have been cutting back on the Crusader Program, which the Army believes is the crown jewel--that thing we have to have for our launching capability on the ground. Look at our modernization program in airplanes. I was never more proud of a four-star general than I was the other day when he stood up and said America needs to know that the Russians now have the SU-34, an air-to-air, air combat vehiclethat is better than anything we have, including the F-15.  The average American would say we are fine and we have the very best of equipment. We used to, but we don't now. Look at the ranges we have now. We are faced with an issue of having to close--temporarily, I hope--the firing range on Vieques. That is going to have a dramatic effect on which installations to keep open. We won't have anyplace to have live fire training. We will lose such ranges as Cape Wrath in Scotland, Capo Teulada in southern Sardinia. Why? Because there is no justification to allow us to fire our artillery if we are not willing to do it on our own lands.  All of these things form a crisis. When I said I look back wistfully at the days of the cold war, it isn't just me. I was redeemed the other day at our subcommittee meeting when we had George Tenet, the Director of Central Intelligence, there. This happened to be telecast live on C-SPAN. I said:       Right now, we are in the most threatened position that we      have been in as a Nation in the history of this country since      the Revolutionary War. Would you respond to that?  He said:       Absolutely correct. We are in the most threatened position.  It is because of the combined reasons of deployments, force strength and, of course, not having the national missile defense systems. All those will be elements of rebuilding. Who knows what our needs are going to be when we start this rebuilding. I hope the next President will be a Republican, and that we will be in a position to rebuild our defense system. When that happens, we don't know what the elements of that system are going to be.  Lastly--and I don't want to overdo the time here--we are asked this question by the distinguished Senator from Arizona: I challenge my colleagues to name any military expert who says we should not have another BRAC round.  You can name a lot of them.  The Assistant Secretary of Defense under Ronald Reagan said in an article in the Washington Post on May 14, 1998, when we were having the same debate, that Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen is correct when he says that the Department of Defense needs the support of Congress to have a cost-effective national defense. But the Secretary is blaming Congress for problems that are not of its making. More importantly, Cohen is ignoring the administration's own complicity in creating funding difficulties for defense and vastly is exaggerating the potential problems that could occur if Congress fails to heed his advice. Cohen wants Congress to authorize two new rounds of base closures to free up an additional $3 billion a year for buying badly needed new weapons. But what Cohen has not stated is that these savings would not begin until a decade from now.  I think that is the significant thing. These savings would set in after a period of time that we would be going through this rebuilding process.  I hold him up as one expert who says we should not do a round at this time.  Another is the Commandant of the Marine Corps, Gen. Jim Jones, who said that he knew of no Marine installation he would recommend for closure. He said: We cannot give it away or we will never get it back.  I don't think anyone is going to say that Gen. Jim Jones is not a military expert. He has one of the most distinguished careers of any of them.  Adm. Jay L. Johnson, the CNO, said his view was ``not far'' from that of Jones. He said he is concerned about permanently losing training ranges, air space, and access to the sea.  The Chief of the Army, General Shinseki, said he would support some closures in the future but said that the Army needs to decide what its future force level is going to be before it can judge base consolidation with certainty.  We have three of the four chiefs of our services saying if we are going to do it we should wait and do it after we determine what our force strength should be in the future and not do it before that time.  For the combination of those reasons, there is certainly no rush to do it and do it in this bill. Certainly I would be willing to talk about this after the next administration comes in. It wouldn't make any difference anyway because the first round wouldn't be until 2003.  I think Dick Armey did a wonderful job back in 1987. I think it served a very useful purpose--particularly the first three BRAC rounds that we were able to accomplish. They saved a lot of money. We are now enjoying some of the savings. However, the amounts that we saved have far exceeded what we lost by the cleanup costs. I don't think those estimates would be anymore accurate if we were to go through two new rounds.  Keep in mind that every succeeding round is going to yield fewer benefits than the round before. I certainly think the Senator from Rhode Island, with his background and experience, knows that if you are going to start a closing process, you pick off the cherries to start with and accumulate those savings.  I conclude by saying that we need to look at them in the next administration after we find out what our force strength is going to be, and after we find out what degree of rebuilding we will have to undergo in order to protect America and meet the minimum expectations of the American people.  I yield the floor.  