As my colleagues will recall, this is a matter concerning how information from the confidential personnel file of a Pentagon civil servant was leaked to the media in March of 1998, more than 2 years ago, by the Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon and a colleague in violation of the Privacy Act.  As my questions at an Armed Services Committee hearing revealed for the first time on April 6, the Pentagon's Office of Inspector General essentially completed its investigation of this matter within 4 months of the incident. In July of 1998, it referred its report to the Justice Department, having found sufficient evidence that a crime had been committed.  From July 1998 until March of 2000, the Justice Department sat on the report, taking no action, making us believe the IG report was not completed and not given to them--essentially engaging in a coverup, in its typical stonewalling, delaying tactics. Then finally, on March 28, 2000, they quietly returned the report to the Pentagon, informing them it would not criminally prosecute anyone in the case.  I reported all of this to the Senate in a floor statement I made on April 11. At that time, I pointed out that the offense in this case--disseminating to the media information from a Government employee's confidential personnel file--was the same offense Chuck Colson pleaded guilty to during Watergate. It was the same offense for which Colson served in the Federal penitentiary.  Since all of this was revealed last month, three principal defenses--I would call them excuses--have emerged as to why Mr. Bacon should not be prosecuted. These have been put forth to the media by Mr. Bacon's lawyer and by the Justice Department in its decision to take a pass on prosecution. Let me state these three defenses and what they are:  No. 1, defense by Kenneth Bacon is that Bacon only leaked a part of a confidential file, not the whole file;  No. 2, that the Freedom of Information Act ``trumps'' the Privacy Act; and  No. 3, that Bacon ``didn't intend to break the law.''  Today, I want to report to the Senate that all of these arguments have been refuted and exposed as having no merit in this case. This leaves us facing the stark truth: The law was violated, and those who violated it should be prosecuted.  In testimony on April 26 before the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness, which is the Committee I chair, I asked Pentagon Deputy Inspector General Donald Mancuso about these issues. He confirmed these points:  No. 1, that criminal violations of the Privacy Act are not contingent on whether a whole file or just a part of a file is compromised.  Common sense would lead us to this conclusion anyway, but this was confirmed by the inspector general in our committee meeting.  Either one constitutes a violation. There is no distinction between leaking part of a file or leaking the entire file.  Secondly, that there was no formal written Freedom of Information Act request made prior to the Tripp file leak; that, in any event, the Freedom of Information Act does not trump the Privacy Act; and that, indeed, the Freedom of Information Act includes specific exemptions directly related to the Privacy Act.  So we are saying two things really. We are saying, first of all, when they said they used the Freedom of Information Act request as an excuse, they were lying, because there was no request under the Freedom of Information Act. Secondly, if that had happened, there is specific exemptions within our law to the Freedom of Information Act, one of which is the Privacy Act.  Finally, in its March 2000 decision not to prosecute, the Justice Department stated that Bacon and his colleague ``didn't intend to break the law when they released information from Linda Tripp's personnel file.''  What this tells me is that the Justice Department knows the law was broken. It is all the more reason why their decision not to prosecute is so outrageous. The next time I am stopped by a policeman for speeding, I am going to tell him, ``I didn't intend to break the law.'' I suppose then everything will be all right.  Recently, I received a letter from Mr. Bacon's lawyer taking exception to a couple of points I made it my previous remarks on the floor. I would like to respond to each of those points here:  First, Bacon's lawyer claims that comparing Kenneth Bacon's offense to Chuck Colson's offense in Watergate is ``inaccurate'' and ``unfair'' because the two cases, he says, are not ``remotely comparable.''  But he is wrong. They are directly comparable.  He goes into a lengthy description of the charges against Colson which were dropped by the court. All of this is interesting, but it is irrelevant to the current case.  Colson released information from Daniel Elsberg's confidential file, violating Elsberg's privacy.  Bacon released information from Linda Tripp's confidential file, violating Tripp's privacy.  What could be more ``comparable'' than this?  Second, Mr. Bacon's lawyer notes that the court said Colson implemented ``a scheme to defame and destroy the public image of Daniel Elsberg, with the intent to influence, obstruct, and impede the conduct and outcome'' of pending investigations and prosecutions.  Similarly, Bacon's action can easily be seen as part of ``a scheme to defame and destroy the public image of Linda Tripp, with the intent to influence, obstruct, and impede the conduct and outcome'' of pending investigations and possible prosecutions of the President and of Linda Tripp herself.  Let's not forget that Linda Tripp has testified that she was told by a top White House aide that she would be ``destroyed'' if she came forward and exposed illegal activities she witnessed in the Clinton White House, including matters related to the Filegate scandal. Tripp's FBI file was one of over 900 FBI files improperly obtained by the Clinton White House. Tripp remains a material witness in continuing legal proceedings on the Filegate matter.  In addition, let's not forget that Tripp has also been the target of a politically motivated prosecution in Maryland concerning the taping of Monica Lewinski's phone calls.  All of this provides ample evidence of possible motivations ``to defame or destroy'' her ``public image.''  Third, Mr. Bacon's lawyer claims that Bacon did not violate any law in releasing the information on Tripp.  Again, he is simply wrong. Bacon clearly violated the Privacy Act, the law which was enacted in 1974 as a direct result of the Colson case. It isn't even a close call.  The contention that the media inquiry constituted a FOIA request that somehow superseded the Privacy Act will simply not stand up to scrutiny.  Finally, Mr. Bacon's lawyer makes a legitimate point with which I am prepared to agree; and that is, that Mr. Bacon is a dedicated public official who has served the Department of Defense with distinction for 6 years.  Similarly, Linda Tripp is a dedicated public official who has served in the Pentagon and the White House with distinction for many years.  The problem is that there must be equal application of the law if the law is to have any meaning.  Mr. Bacon simply cannot be permitted to escape responsibility for an act that so clearly violated the law--a law which is designed to protect the rights of all government employees.  The news media, I think, has created a particular problem in this case. It is a travesty that the major news media have not covered this story and informed the American people about why this is important.  What a contract with how the news media acted during the Watergate era. At that time, the news media led the charge to uncover wrongdoing by high government officials, explaining why adherence to the rule of law was so vital to the protection of liberty.  In the aftermath of Chuck Colson's pleading guilty in June 1974, along with other Watergate figures, newspapers across the country expressed appropriate outrage. They covered the story. They commented on it forcefully. They didn't sweep it under the rug. They did not say they were bored. They did not argue that the country should ``move on'' to other things.  They knew that lawbreaking by high officials was one of the most important things they could report to the American people, because, as they kept telling us, an informed public is essential to the protection of liberty in a democracy.  Here are a few examples of editorials during the Watergate years. Where are the similar editorials today?  On June 12, 1974, the Philadelphia Evening Bulletin was upset that another Watergate figure got off too lightly with a 30-day suspended sentence for his Watergate crime. They said.       The circumstances (in this case) did not call for a tap on      the wrist. [The judge's] praise for (the defendant's)      integrity in this setting seems inappropriate. If [the      defendant] is to be so excused for failing to do his duty . .      . then how are others to be held accountable for placing      personal loyalty above their duty and the requirements of the      law?  