President, I thank the Senator from Virginia, who is the ranking member on the Readiness Subcommittee, for the contributions he has made. The Senator from Virginia is in the same position I am in, having live ranges in his home State.  I can recall going out on one of the carriers before one of the deployments from the east coast to the Persian Gulf. They have this integrated training on the island of Vieques. They have F-14s and F-18s doing air work; they have the Marine expeditionary, with which the Senator is familiar, since he was a marine, doing their work, and at the same time they have live Navy fire. They say they can get that training elsewhere but not at the same type of place. The analogy was called to my attention by someone who was on one of the deploying battle groups. It is like you have the very best quarterbacks, the very best offensive line, and the very best defensive line. If one is training over here, one is training over here, and one is training over here, but they never train together. On the day of the big game, of course, they lose. The integrated training is necessary.  I believe the language in this bill is going to offer the self-determination of the people of Vieques to support the Navy live range, and I have every expectation that is exactly what is going to happen. American lives are at stake.  I want to make one last comment. I have mentioned several times we should have probably gone further with this bill. I have been concerned about our state of readiness, and we outlined some of these things in the real property and maintenance accounts and others.  But I was reading, the day before yesterday, in the Wall Street Journal, an editorial by Mark Helprin. Mark Helprin is a contributing editor to the Journal but is also a senior fellow of the Claremont Institute. He talks about the crisis that we are going to have to take care of, and that we should not be talking about the fact that we right now, today, are better equipped than we have been. We are not better equipped than we have been before. He goes on to talk about the fact that in Kosovo, 37,000 aerial sorties were required to destroy what Gen. Wesley Clark claimed were 93 tanks and 53 armored fighting vehicles. That is approximately 8 percent and 7 percent, respectively, of which Milosevic actually had.  He goes on to say:       Twenty percent of carrier-deployed F-14s do not fly,      serving as a source of spare parts instead. Forty percent of      Army helicopters are rated insufficient to their tasks. Half      of the Army's gas masks do not work.  It goes on and on.  I ask unanimous consent that this entire editorial be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  