President, after watching my colleagues and the depth of concern and personal passion they have at the loss of Paul Coverdell, I want to tell them of an experience I had last night. Something came to me when I was at a dinner and we had just heard the news. It was the seventh Beatitude:       Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the      sons of God.  It occurred to me that this was really Paul Coverdell; he was the ultimate peacemaker. It was impossible for Paul to walk into a roomful of people, whether Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives--hostility, anxiety, it all subsided when Paul came in.  I remember when I was first elected from the House into the Senate in 1994. Paul had just arrived here. He didn't give the first impression as being a dynamic person, even an articulate person. You had to know him and know him well. But after you did, he was unlike anyone else we have been exposed to here in this body.  I thought last night about all the things we deal with here in the Senate. It was articulated in Matthew 9, starting with verse 35. It says:       Jesus went through all the towns and villages, teaching in      their synagogues, preaching the good news of the kingdom and      healing every disease and sickness. When he saw the crowds,      he had compassion on them, because they were harassed and      helpless, like sheep without a shepherd.  This is kind of the way we are. We are dealing with the problems of poverty, the problems of crime--a multitude of problems. So somebody has to be the one to take on those responsibilities.  I read the following verse:       Then he [Jesus] said to his disciples, ``The harvest is      plentiful, but the laborers are few. Ask the Lord of the      harvest, therefore, to send out laborers into his harvest      field.''  When I, last night, thought of that verse, I thought, really, Paul Coverdell is the laborer who was sent, was raised up to deal with these problems, and all the problems we deal with on a daily basis, in his own unique way. So I would just say our prayer for Paul Coverdell right now is the last verse of the 23d Psalm:       Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the rest of      my days; and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.  Amen.  