I hear from people all the time in Lawton, OK, and Fort Sill. Of course, we have a very large number of children who are being educated in the public school system, but there is no money coming from the tax base. This is a Government installation.  The local districts sometimes have ideas that are better than those ideas emanating from Washington. I will share one personal experience. I can remember many years ago when I was in the State legislature; I made it a practice to always come back to Tulsa from where we met when the kids had some kind of a function, a school play or something. I remember coming in one time and seeing my oldest son, Jimmy. At that time he was in the fourth grade. He was beaming. He said, ``Dad, guess what?'' He said, ``You know I am in the fourth grade.'' I said, ``Yes. I know that, son.'' He said, ``Guess what. In reading I am in the fifth grade.'' I said, ``How in the world did that work?'' He said, ``It is a brand new, something that has never been tried before. But they are taking me at the level where I am because I am better than the rest of the fourth graders. So I am in the fifth grade.''  I thought back to when I was in grade school. I went to a little country schoolhouse where they had a wood-burning stove in the middle of the room. There were eight rows of seats and eight grades. I was in the first row because I was in the first grade. My brother was in the second row because he was in the second grade. My sister was in the eighth row because she was in the eighth grade. We had one school teacher. I think back now and wonder if he was really the giant that I remember.  When you needed discipline, as the Senator from Alabama was talking about--at that time they had a great big board. If you messed up, you were disciplined the right way. Anyway, when they would teach the classes, they would line you up. I would go with the first graders. In spelling, for example, when you missed a spelling word, you had to go up there and get a swat on the rear with this great big paddle. I have to tell you that I was a very good speller. I was in the third row. That taught me a lesson.  So I thought about that program that Jimmy talked about. This probably happened 30 years before then. It was a brandnew and innovative program. Programs that emanate from the Federal Government are not always the right ones.  We need to unshackle the hands of the teachers, the parents, and the local school districts to give them greater flexibility and greater opportunity to do a better job of teaching our children.  I yield the floor.  