President, I have not a speech but a story to tell. The name of that story could very well be ``What Would Have Happened To Frankie Vee?'' Now, they say confession is good for the soul. I confess that during the Memorial Day recess a couple weeks ago I did not work during the whole recess. I spent some time with my family, with my wife, with my daughter Katie, her husband Brad, their baby, and some of the other kids, and we went to south Texas where we own some property. There is a littletown down there called Port Isabel. There is a restaurant there that none of the tourists go to. It is just the local people who go there. It is right there on the channel that goes out ultimately to the gulf.  There is a guy down there who sings. You sit down and you have dinner. He has these machines he turns on; they make music. He has a microphone, and he sings. He has a beautiful voice. The reason I like it is he sings the kind of songs I know such as ``Your Cheatin Heart'' and ``Lord, Help Me, Jesus,'' and songs like that. While he is singing, his wife sways to the music with her eyes closed. It is just a beautiful setting there.  This was going on when all of a sudden a light went on, and I do not know how this happened, but I was looking at this guy, who is just an ordinary person--he is about my age. He has gone through tough times in his life like I have. He has made money; he has lost money; but he is just a very typical American. He is someone who has to obey the laws, has to work hard, and has to pay taxes. What occurred to me was that if Frankie Vee had blatantly and knowingly and wrongfully committed a crime like Kenneth Bacon, blatantly and knowingly and willingly committed a crime, he would not be singing there and spreading joy in the hearts of many while his wife is swaying. He would be serving time in a Federal penitentiary.  I am not outraged; I am not mad; and I am not feeling any anxiety about this. I guess the best way to characterize my feelings after the last 7\1/2\ years of this administration using the Justice Department to protect its friends and to punish its enemies is just something that I feel numb about. I am proud of two of the mainstream media--only two--that have been willing to write about these things. And that is Fox News and the Washington Times.  So in this case, we have talked about comparing the crime that was committed by Kenneth Bacon with other crimes that were committed--and I am going to talk about that in just a minute--by other people in other administrations. But what occurred to me was that every citizen out here, whether in Wyoming or Oklahoma, has to obey the law and has to be punished under the law if that person disobeys the law, and that he would be prosecuted if there was justification for prosecution and then would be punished accordingly--except in this administration.  On Thursday, May 25, which was the eve of the Memorial Day recess when we left for about a week, the Clinton administration perpetrated another outrage to add to its long trail of operations, I guess you would say. In the face of the Pentagon inspector general's firm conclusion that Kenneth Bacon and Clifford Bernath violated the Privacy Act and broke the law and committed a crime, the Secretary of Defense announced that he would do nothing to hold these men accountable for their actions. And this neatly follows the earlier decision of the Justice Department not to prosecute after engaging in a 2-year coverup.  Now, as I have said before, this case has broad implications for what has been done to the rule of law and to the concept of honesty and integrity in Government over the past 7\1/2\ years. Above all else, the systemic undermining of these time-honored principles constitutes the true and lasting legacy of the Clinton and Gore administration. Time after time after time, again and again, the Justice Department and Janet Reno have used that Department to protect the President's political friends and to punish the President's political enemies.  Today, as a result of this case, there are millions of Federal employees who are on notice that the information contained in their confidential Government personnel records cannot be protected from politically motivated disclosures. They are on notice that the Privacy Act can be violated with impunity even when the perpetrators are caught redhanded.  In an additional outrage, we find that the administration now wants the taxpayers to pay the legal bills for those two individuals during this process.  This is a letter we have uncovered, after it had been covered up, that the Office of the General Counsel is writing to Mr. Kaser, U.S. Department of Justice, requesting that the taxpayers pay the legal fees of Kenneth Bacon and Clifford Bernath. I ask unanimous consent that at the conclusion of my remarks this letter be printed in the Record.  