President, I rise in support of the Warner amendment. In my dissenting view on S. 2797, the ``Restoring the Everglades, An American Legacy Act,'' I outlined my concerns with this legislation. I would like to submit my dissenting view for the Record.  While I recognize the Everglades as a national treasure, S. 2797 sets precedents, which I cannot, in good conscience, condone.  I would also like to reiterate my objection to the marriage of the Everglades and WRDA legislation. I know many advocates of this plan argue that the Everglades should be a part of WRDA 2000. However, the Everglades plan is hardly a typical WRDA project. Because of the scale and departure from existing law and policy of the Everglades legislation, it should be considered as a stand alone bill--not a provision in the Water Resources Development Act of 2000. This is a precedent setting bill. With other plans of this nature in the works, the Everglades will be a model for how we handle these enormous ecological restoration projects in the future. We are entering new and, in my opinion, dangerous territory.  No. 1. This legislation violates the committee policy concerning the need for a Chief of the Army Corps of Engineer's report before project authorization. This legislation authorizes 10 projects at a cost of $1.1 billion with no reports of the Chief of Engineers on these projects. Since 1986, it has been the policy of the Committee on Environment and Public Works to require projects to have undergone full and final engineering, economic and environmental review by the Chief of Engineers prior to project approvals by the committee. This process was established to protect taxpayer dollars by ensuring the soundness of all projects. While I understand that, under this legislation, no appropriation can be made until a ``Project Implementation Report'' is submitted by the Corps, this legislation is still breaking committee policy--it is authorizing projects without a Chief's report.  No. 2. Everglades restoration is based on unproven technology. I have serious concerns about the wisdom of a federal investment in unproven technologies--particularly a $7.8 billion investment. The project approval process, described above, was established to prevent exactly what is happening with this legislation--a gamble with the American taxpayers' money.  No. 3. The open-ended nature of costs of this project. The total cost of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan is estimated at $7.8 billion over 38 years. This is the current estimate. I have serious concerns about this potential for cost over runs associated with this project. GAO agrees with me. In a report--released today--GAO stated, ``Currently, there are too many uncertainties to estimate the number and costs of the Corps projects that will ultimately be needed . . .'' As with almost all federal programs, this project will probably cost much more at the end of the day. For example, in 1967, when the Medicare program was passed by Congress, the program was estimated to cost $3.4 billion. In 2000, the costs of the program are estimated to $232 billion. No one could have foreseen this exponential growth! The future cost of projects of this magnitude must be taken into consideration by Congress before we pass legislation. Once projects like these get major investments, they are funded until the end--no matter what the cost. There should be a cost cap on the entire Everglades project--not just on portions.  No. 4. This legislation sets a new precedent which requires the federal government to pay for a major portion of operations and maintenance costs. The Warner amendment will remedy this problem.  Since 1986, water resource projects, including environmental, navigation, flood control, and hurricane restoration are financed partially by the federal government and partially by the local and state governments. And all of the costs of operations and maintenance of the projects has been the non-federal entities--usually state or local governments responsibility. We should not forget that this critical cost-share policy was a key factor in breaking a 16 year stalemate on water resources development authorization legislation.  This Everglades legislation splits the cost of operations and maintenance of the Everglades--\1/2\ to the federal government and \1/2\ to the State of Florida. The O expenditures for these prematurely authorized projects is expected to cost $20 million, and, according the Corp, when the Everglades project is completed, O costs are projected to be in excess of $170 million a year.  At the end of FY 2000, there will be a $1.6 billion backlog of federal O costs nationwide of which $329 million is considered ``critical'' because, if O is not performed on these facilities, they will not be able to maintain current performance. In the Tulsa district, which includes Oklahoma, there is a $80 million backlog in O The $170 million needed for O of the Everglades--which is almost half of the this year's critical backlog--will drain resources--creating a larger backlog around the rest of the nation. How can we fund local O expenses when we can't fund federal O expenses.  States and localities have enormous backlogs of operations and maintenance costs due to lack of funding. The precedent, which the Everglades legislation sets, could open a pandora's box--having the Federal Government take on expenses for the operations and maintenance of many projects. There are a number of Oklahoma projects that could use federal funds for operations and maintenance costs. My hometown of Tulsa pays in excess of $3 million a year in O costs.  The Everglades legislation is also unfair because the Corps will be conducting annual inspections on all flood control projects turned over to the local sponsors for 100 percent O Though they try very hard, many localities, which cannot afford O costs, will not be able to keep their projects properly maintained. When it comes time for more Federal projects, they will not be favorably looked upon. the Federal Government will say, well, if the local sponsor cannot afford the current cost-share agreement, how could they afford a new one--even if the community desperately needs the new project. How can the Federal Government fund Florida's Everglades O bill; while other community's projects are denied because they can not afford proper O and we will not help them? How is this fair?  Again, I recognize the Everglades as a national treasure--as I do many treasures in Oklahoma. As Congress considers the Everglades restoration legislation, all I ask is that Congress play by the rules.  Mr. President, to reiterate, I commend the Senator from Virginia for bringing to our attention what is happening here. I am concerned. This is a major piece of legislation. As I said yesterday in committee, it would be my preference not to have it as part of the water bill but to have it as a stand-alone bill. Because of the size, the magnitude, and nature of it, it should be. It is true what Senator Warner has said about how this violates both the letterand the intent of what we decided in 1986. I remember when it happened. But it is not just in this area. Let me mention briefly three other areas where we are having the same problem.  First of all, this legislation violates the committee policy concerning the need for the Chief of the Army Corps of Engineer's report before project authorization. This was decided back in 1986. To my knowledge--and I had my staff research this--we have not gone forward with any other projects that have not had a recommendation and a report completed by the Chief of the Corps of Engineers.  