President, later today, I will introduce an amendment to the budget resolution concerning impact aid. It is a sense-of-the-Senate resolution and is very straight forward, it simply recognizes the importance of impact aid and states that it should be fully funded. Now, I realize that there are too few dollars chasing many worthy programs, but impact aid is a promise, that we, the federal government, have made to the states. I believe we should live up to our obligation and fully fund this program.  For those colleagues who are unfamiliar with impact aid, allow me to briefly describe the program. It is one of the oldest federal education programs, dating from the 1950's, and is meant to compensate local school districts for the ``substantial and continuing financial burden'' resulting from federal activities. These activities include federal ownership of certain lands as well as the enrollment in local school districts of children of parents who work and/or live on federal land. The rationale for compensation is that federal government activities deprive the local school district of the ability to collect property or sales taxes from these individuals (for example, members of the Armed Forces living on military bases, or Native American families living on reservations) even though the school district is obligated to provide free public education to their children. Thus, impact aid is designed to compensate the school district for the loss of tax revenue.  If the program is fully funded, the formula used to determine a local school district payment is fairly straight forward. Each child is assigned a weight based on the type of ``federal activity'' the family is involved in. For example:Indian Children on reservations...................................  1.25Military children on post.........................................  1.0Military children off post........................................  0.1Civilian children on reservation..................................  1.0Civilian children off reservation.................................  0.05Low rent housing..................................................  0.1 Next, the weighted student count is multiplied by a cost factor which reflects the greater of one-half of the state average per-pupil expenditure or one-half of the national average per-pupil expenditure. The local school district provides this information to the U.S. Department of Education who in turn writes a check to compensate the district for the loss of revenue.  In my state of Oklahoma, if the Impact Aid Program was fully funded, we would have received $63 million in fiscal year 2000 as opposed to $23 million we received. That is a difference of 63 percent. This chart shows what each state would have received in fiscal year 2000 if the program had been fully funded versus what they receive through the formula. As you can see all states do better with full funding and 35 states would have their payment increase by 50 percent or better.  I would be remiss, if I did not acknowledge that the appropriators have worked very hard to increase funding for impact aid. In fact, in each year since fiscal year 1995, there has been an increase in impact aid.  However, I believe we need to realize how not fully funding this program hurts local school districts. When this program is not fully funded, the federal shortfall has to be made up with local dollars which means that projects that would have been undertaken have to be postponed. My staff has done a little research into what type of spending is postponed. What they found is very telling of the type of pressure the federal government is putting on our schools because we fail to fulfill our obligation to them. For instance, the consequences of not fully funding impact aid means schools cannot afford to:  Buy handicapped accessible buses; buy classroom computers; buy computer upgrades; buy textbook replacements/updates; hire teachers to lower pupil teacher ratio; hire necessary staff for Special Education programs; hire necessary staff for Gifted and Talented programs; provide professional development for staff; provide adequate building security; provide for remedial instructional needs; or do basic building maintenance.  Full funding of impact aid means that local dollars that are now being used to offset lack of federal dollars can be used to take care of the above mentioned needs. For the school district it is like getting two dollars for every one dollar because it frees up their dollars to purchase buses, do building maintenance or hire additional staff to lower pupil/teacher ratios.  Mr. President, full funding of impact aid is not a luxury, it is a necessity. Our schools are in a funding crisis thatthe federal government has created because we have failed to fulfill our commitment to them. We must compensate them for lost revenue because of federal activity in their area that prevents them from collecting sufficient property and sales taxes. This is not a handout; it is an obligation by the federal government to make school districts whole. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution and join me in asking the appropriators to fully fund impact aid for fiscal year 2001.  