President, I will chronologically reconstruct what happened in this case. It is important I be redundant so that people will understand and that it will not be forgotten and covered up.  On March 12, 1998, New Yorker magazine writer Jane Mayer, a former Wall Street Journal reporter, called Kenneth Bacon who used to work with Mayer at the Wall Street Journal, asking him about a question on Linda Tripp's personnel file for a story she was writing.  On March 13, the very next day, Bacon tasks Clifford Bernath, then a Pentagon public affairs deputy, with answering Mayer's question. Bernath writes in his journal: ``Ken has made clear it's a priority.''  Further, in March of that same year, the New Yorker story claims Tripp violated the law.  In March, Defense Secretary William Cohen calls the disclosure ``certainly inappropriate, if not illegal.'' Cohen continued: Tripp's file ``was supposed to be protected by the privacy rules.'' The DOD inspector general's investigation is initiated.  An investigation was initiated in March of 1998.  In April of 1998, Cliff Bernath was deposed by Judicial Watch. Bernath was accompanied by a battery of Government lawyers from the Justice Department, the Defense Department, and the White House, in addition to one from Williams & Connolly appearing on behalf of the First Lady who was then a defendant in the FBI file suit.  Over the next 6 hours, Bernath proceeded to change his story. He had previously insisted the request was handled in a routine way. In this deposition, he concedes that it was a high-priority issue by Ken Bacon.  On May 21, 1998, at a Pentagon press conference, Ken Bacon declined comment--as he has since repeatedly--to the press, including refusing to deny whether the White House directed him to release that information on the grounds that the IG was still investigating.  On July 10, 1998, Federal Judge Royce Lamberth ordered the Defense Department to seize the computer of a Pentagon staffer who admits releasing information on Tripp's security clearance form. Lamberth ruled that the Department's inspector general should check the computer because the Pentagon aide, Clifford Bernath, deleted documents, although Bernath claimed none of the deleted documents concerned Tripp.  Jumping forward to February 9, 2000, at a House Armed Services Committee hearing, Secretary Cohen had no answer to the question from Representative Buyer on where the DOD report was, in what stage it was. We found out the report was concluded almost 2 years before that question was asked.  I have to add a personal note in defense of Bill Cohen. I do not believe he knew. I think the White House covered that up and the Justice Department covered up the fact that the report was concluded almost 2 years before that hearing. I do not believe Cohen actually was aware of that.  On March 6, 2000--this brings the Federal court back in--Federal Judge Lamberth signed an order requiring DOD to produce records concerning the release of information in Tripp's DOD files and information on any attempts to withhold information from the public and/or investigators about the details of that release.  Then on March 13, 2000, Judge Royce Lamberth stated:       The Tripp release presents such a clear violation of the      Privacy Act.  Lambert said:       The court finds it impossible to fathom how an internal      investigation into such a simple matter could take so long to      conclude.  In fact, even though that statement was made by the judge in the court records on March 13, 2000, that internal investigation had been concluded in July 1998, nearly 2 years before.  In previous talks on the floor, I have had occasion to compare this crime with a crime that was committed 20 years before. I have done so because when you talk about what President Clinton and Vice President Gore have allegedly done in terms of getting foreign contributions, which are a violation of law, there is nothing really precedented about that that we can go back and compare with someone else who was prosecuted.  In this case, the crime that was committed by Kenneth Bacon, and perhaps more people with him, is a crime exactly like the crime that was committed 20 years before by Chuck Colson.  Let's go back and see just what Chuck Colson did. This is what he said and did, in his own words. This is going back to 1971:       . . . I got hold of derogatory FBI reports about Ellsberg      and leaked them to the press.  He said further, in 1976:       I happily gave an inquiring reporter damaging information      compiled from secret personnel files.  I know, again, this is exactly the same thing that we now have a confession by Kenneth Bacon that he did. He got ahold of derogatory reports about Linda Tripp. And then he happily gave them to an inquiring reporter--the same thing.  So what happened to Colson? Colson was sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Gerhard Gesell to a prison term. On April 7, 2000, in a deposition, he provided the New Yorker writer Jane Mayer with Tripp information. In other words, he admitted it. He admitted that. There is no question about whether or not he committed this crime. There is no doubt about it, no dispute about it.  Bacon said: I am sorry that I did not check with our lawyers or check with Linda Tripp's attorneys about this.  Sorry? Sorry really didn't cut it for Chuck Colson. Chuck Colson ended up in a Federal penitentiary. Colson committed the crime in July 1971. He admitted his guilt and pleaded on June 3, 1974, and was sentenced to the Federal penitentiary on June 21, 1974.  Bacon committed his crime in March of 1998. He admitted what he had done in June of 1998. The Pentagon inspector general referred the matter for criminal prosecution in July of 1998. So now 2 years later, in April, May, and June of 2000, the Clinton Justice Department says it is going to take a pass, hoping nobody will see or hear about this at this late date. After all, 2 full yearshad transpired since the report was concluded.  So Colson went to jail and served time in prison. If there were justice and equal application of the law, Bacon would go to jail and serve time in prison.  Is this the first time the Clinton administration has been involved in lawbreaking and corruption? Not hardly. It has almost become a way of life--Travelgate, Filegate, Buddhist Temple fundraisers, illegal foreign campaign contributions, the compromise of high-technology nuclear secrets to the Chinese, not to mention perjury and obstruction of justice. The list goes on and on.  Why is this important? It is all about a concept. It is as basic to America as the concept of going to church on Sunday. That concept is: Equal application of the law.  Chuck Colson realized he did the wrong thing. Chuck Colson, in a book that he wrote in 1976, called ``Born Again,'' stated:       I happily gave an inquiring reporter damaging information      about Ellsberg's attorney, compiled from secret FBI dossiers.  He said:       . . . I pleaded guilty after being told by Watergate      prosecutor Leon Jaworski that my conviction would deter such      a thing from [ever] happening again.  That is a quote.  I suggest that it has happened again, and they are hoping no one will notice.  I refer to an article that was written on June 12--a current article--in the Weekly Standard by Jay Nordlinger. The question is: ``Why Didn't Bacon Get Fried?'' That is the name of the article. I will quote a few things from it. Jay Nordlinger wrote:       It's just a small matter, in all the Clinton grossness, but      it counts. Linda Tripp was the victim of a dirty, and      illegal, trick. It was played on her by her own bosses at the      Pentagon. And now those men--Kenneth Bacon and Clifford      Bernath--have escaped with the wispiest slaps on the wrist.      This is ho-hum for the Clinton administration; but it is a      reminder of how unlawful and indecent this administration has      been.  Further in the article he talks about Joseph diGenova, who is a former U.S. attorney with long experience in this area.  Quoting from the same article, diGenova is quoted as saying:       The treatment of Bacon and Bernath suggests that the      Privacy Act will be enforceable only in civil lawsuits filed      by the victims. If there's no adverse action--not even a      letter that goes into somebody's file--there's no deterrence      here. None whatsoever.  The article by Jay Nordlinger further states:       The president and his men have a bit of history with the      Privacy Act. You perhaps remember Passportgate. Toward the      end of the 1992 presidential campaign, it was learned that      political appointees in the Bush State Department had rifled      through candidate Clinton's passport files and those of his      mother. Democrats demanded an independent-counsel      investigation. They got one--led by diGenova. One of the      officials involved, Elizabeth Tamposi, was dismissed. The      acting secretary of state, Lawrence Eagleburger, offered to      resign over the matter. (President Bush refused). Said      Clinton, in his first press conference [after he had been      elected President of the United States], ``If I catch anybody      doing [what the passport-file offenders did], I will fire      them the next day. You won't have to have an inquiry or      rigmarole or anything else.''       About a year later, Passportgate had something of a      reprise, this time featuring appointees in Clinton's own      State Department. A few of them got hold of Bush-     administration personnel files and leaked them to Al Kamen      of the Washington Post.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent this article be printed at the conclusion of my remarks.  