President, I regret we are doing this today. I can only speak for myself and not others, but if you wanted to do away with 527s for everybody and not leave anybody out, I would do it and do it in a heartbeat. But not on this bill. Everybody knows the consequences of putting something such as this on this bill. I hope in this very brief period of time --I was hoping to have more time--to at least address how significant this thing really is and what we are talking about.  Mr. President, I have said this since 1995. Our country is facing the greatest threat it has faced in its entire history. But it is not just me saying this. Now we have George Tenet, who is the Director of Central Intelligence and an appointee of President Clinton, agreeing, in my committee, that we as a Nation are in the most threatened position we have been in in the history of America. So we need to turn this thing around. This is the first year in 14 years we are able to start turning the corner and rebuilding a deteriorated system.  At the National Training Center-Ft Irwin, units coming to the NTC today have not had enough time to train at their home stations to allow them to maximize the training opportunities. This means that the units are leaving the NTC less proficient than those who went thru the rotations in previous years.  At Ft. Bragg, according to the base commander, O funds have never been so tight. Commanders are being forced to make choices and trade-offs that their predecessors never faced. Insufficient Base-Ops funding has forced commanders to rob from training accounts. Insufficient RPM funding has resulted in the degradation of facilities in which the military personnel work and live.  Maintenance on barracks is so bad that every time it rains, one building leaks into the rooms where the troops sleep, and even into the armory where their weapons are stored which damages those weapons.  At the Norfolk Naval Base, the Navy is experiencing an increase in the cross decking of equipment and munitions as less modern systems are available to outfit all the hulls. In addition, supplies and spare parts are insufficient to support the surging of the Navy to meet its 2 MTW requirements.  Insufficient steaming days and flying hours are amongst the biggest readiness concerns within some Navy units.  At the San Diego Naval Base, on average, 20 percent of the deployed planes on the carriers are grounded awaiting parts or other maintenance requirements. Furthermore, the cannibalization of aircraft has gone up by 15% over the last three carrier deployments.  There have been notable reductions in the mission capability and the full mission capability rates of Naval aircraft over the past 4 years. This is true for the deployed and the non-deployed squadrons.  At the Nellis Air Force Base, reduction in Red Flag exercises from 6 to 4 means that fewer pilots can participate each year. The new goal is to move pilots thru Nellis once every 18 months vs. once every year. The high OPTEMPO of the forces--deployments are up fourfold while the force is down by a third--has been the principle reason for the reduction in exercises.  Regarding Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center-29 Palms, conditions at 29 Palms and the Marine Corps in general: money is low; ammo is short; and spare parts are scarce. ``The level of training and readiness has diminished, it is not what it was in Desert Storm.''  At Camp Lejuene, modernization delays have a serious readiness impact.Equipment is more costly to maintain, less capable, and spare parts cannot always be obtained. In particular, the CH-46 is wearing thin. Some replacement parts are no longer available. One Marine officer estimated that if a Gulf War size operation erupted today, only about 50 percent of Marine units would be qualified to deploy.  I can tell you, the problems are in all these areas. We have retention problems because we do not have adequate accounts being funded. The various military installations are taking money out of one account and putting it in another account. So at Fort Bragg, for example, they have not been able to maintain their barracks. When it rains, the troops have to lie down on the equipment to keep it from rusting. We have a crisis in terms of cross-decking at Norfolk as well as on the west coast.  So we have very serious problems, and these problems can only be met with this bill. I will just quote one thing out of the DOD Quarterly Readiness Report:       Readiness deficiencies are most readily visible in the      later deploying and non-deploying forces, some forward      deployed and first-fight-forces are also experiencing these      difficulties.  What they are saying is, for several years we are able to take all our assets and concentrate them in areas that are behind the lines in favor of the forward deployed. Now even the forward deployed are having a problem.  I can remember in our committee, the committee I chair, the Readiness Subcommittee, we had the four chiefs in there. I asked them the question: If you were going to have to take a reduction someplace to increase your modernization or some other accounts, would it be in force strength, modernization, quality of life, and so forth?  Up until a couple years ago, the Marines would always say ``quality of life, because the Marines don't need quality of life.'' Now we are not even hearing that from them. We are facing a crisis at a time when this country is in the most vulnerable position in which it has ever been.  I think we should really be looking at the overall picture and the fact we have something very serious going on right now. We need to address it with this bill. This defense authorization bill turns the corner for the first time in 14 years. It is being held hostage right now on a matter that has nothing to do with defending America.  Mr. President, I think we need to get on with the bill and away from extraneous, nongermane amendments.  