As my colleagues know, the Enzi amendment is necessary to prevent the Occupational Safety and Hazard Administration from enacting a costly regulation without adequate scientific understanding of the very problem they hope to prevent.  As chairman of the Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Clean Air, I have seen first hand how this administration refuses to conduct the proper scientific study of regulations they propose to promulgate. The reason, I fear, its rather simple: the scientific evidence does not support their political agenda. Based on my observations, the rule of thumb with this administration is ``if the scientific evidence does not support the goal, ignore the evidence.'' In this instance, we've been asking OSHA to do due diligence concerning the science behind this rule for five years.  I am not necessarily opposed to an ergonomics rule, I am simply opposed to this rule because it is not backed by sound science. I find it very interesting that the National Academy of Sciences is set to release its findings on ergonomics early next year. Why then the rush. The answer is obvious, OSHA fears the science will not support its proposal and wants to rush this into effect before the NAS finishes its work.  The speed at which OSHA is moving on this regulation is unprecedented; this is the single largest regulatory effort to date and OSHA appears to be bending over backwards to avoid congressional scrutiny, which of course is not new for this administration. In addition to dodging congressional scrutiny, OSHA is ignoring the over 7,000 public comments concerning the rule.  In addition to the process related flaws with this rule, another problem is its unrealistic cost estimate. OSHA estimates the rule will cost approximately $4.2 billion per year which is dramatically lower than all other estimates. For instance, the Small Business Administration estimates the cost is $60 billion per year or 15 times that of OSHA's estimate. The disparity of these figures alone should give plenty of reason to rethink this rule.  Yet another reason to oppose this rule is the effect of the rule on Medicare/Medicaid patients. OSHA has repeatedly stated that business should simply pass on the cost of compliance to consumers. Now, as I mentioned above, conservatively that cost will be in excess of $4.2 billion annually. Some of these ``businesses'' OSHA believes should pass on the cost of the rule are hospitals, nursing homes, home health care agencies, and other Medicare/Medicaid dependent health care providers. No where in the rule, has OSHA mentioned how these health care providers should deal with the newly imposed costs. They cannot simply pass on the cost as OSHA has stated so cavalierly.  Medicare/Medicaid providers in my state have been very clear about the existing problems associated with recent cuts in Medicare/Medicaid. I can only image what this new burden will mean for our health care providers.  In all fairness, OSHA has apparently thought about the cost to Medicare/Medicaid because they have done an estimate on the first year compliance cost of the rule. They estimate it will cost about $526 million for nursing and personal care facilities. Now, I don't know about my colleagues, but from the stories I've heard from my constituents, that $526 million could be much better spent providing care to patients. If OSHA implements this rule, we are setting the stage for a greater health care crisis in the country. Are health care providers going to be forced to choose between complying with OSHA regulations or providing health care for patients? I, for one, hope this is not the case.  Another of the significant problems with this rule is its vagueness. In fact, the rule's lack of clarity has prompted the Washington Post, clearly not a mouthpiece of conservative thinking, to say, that the rule is too vague and will cause problems.  There are many unanswered questions that OSHA readily admits it cannot answer and in all probability will never be able to answer. Among these now unanswered questions are: What is a definable ergonomics hazard? How can these undefined hazards be fixed? How will these undefined hazards be enforced?  Since OSHA cannot determine what the potential hazards are or how they can be fixed, it admits that actions that employers take to remedy supposed problems may actually make those problems worse. Since OSHA itself does not know what the extent of the problems are, it should come as no surprise that this is the only rule OSHA has ever put forward that does not provide employers some guidance for implementing appropriate measures to prevent injuries. Instead, the rule, as drafted, only sets forth penalties for employers if they fail to remedy these undefinable dangers.  Given these uncertainties, it is clear that the rule is flawed and should be stopped as is our prerogative. We have no choice. We must reject this rule and demand that OSHA conduct its due diligence before promulgating another.I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting the Enzi amendment.  