President, I thank the Senator for yielding.  I agree with the statement of the very distinguished Senator from Montana. Reasonable people can disagree, and they can use the same statistics and come to different conclusions. We do that every day in this Chamber.  I wonder, after listening to the debate--whether it is Montana, Minnesota, or whatever the State beingrepresented by the other side of the aisle--how Montana could be so different from Oklahoma.  Eleven months ago, I did a tour of very small areas in Oklahoma--Shattuck, Boise, and Gage--places you probably never heard of, with very small populations. These people are not wealthy. They are small family farmers and ranchers. In that part of Oklahoma, they normally have three sources of income. It is either small grain or cattle or oil. When all three are down, we have real devastation out there. We have a lot of family farms that are not even making enough money to break even.  I remember going out there and talking about the various agricultural programs. I talked about crop insurance. I talked about transition payments. But when the subject of estate taxes came up, they forgot about all of the other Government programs having to do with agriculture. They said: It would be the greatest thing in the world for us to be able to survive as a family institution and pass this on to the next generation.  These people live day to day. They are not wealthy people. They have to really save to buy halfway modern farm equipment. They say: The greatest single thing you could do for us would be to allow us to pass this on to the next generation.  I think that dwelling on the small percentage of total estates subject to the death tax isn't really an adequate reflection of the damage inflicted by the death tax, which is about 1.9 percent out of the approximately 2.3 million deaths each year, and 4.3 file a return; that is, 98,900. Not all of these are taxable. There is an effect in Oklahoma on small businesses and farms.  If you look at the ``1995 White House Conference on Small Business Issue Handbook''--we had several people there as part of that group who made this handbook--more than 70 percent of all the family businesses do not survive through the second generation, and fully 87 percent do not make it to the third generation.  I ask the Senator from Wyoming about the source of some of these figures which we hear, such as the loss of $40 billion in tax revenues. I don't know where they come from. I certainly question them.  The current Federal death tax accounted for only $23 billion in 1998, or a meager 1.4 percent of $1.7 trillion in total Federal receipts, a level that has remained fairly stable over the years.  I suggest there are two factors that are not being considered. One is the cost of compliance and one is the economic impact.  There are some studies which illustrate that we could actually end up increasing tax revenues by altogether eliminating the death tax.  A December 1999 study by Congress' Joint Economic Committee said:       The compliance costs associated with the estate tax are of      the same general magnitude as the tax's revenue yield, or      about $23 billion. . .The estate tax raises very little, if      any, net revenue for the Federal Government.  In 1998, the Heritage Foundation came up with a similar conclusion. They said:       The cost of compliance means that the $19 billion collected      in the Federal death taxes last year actually cost taxpayers      $25 billion.  It is actually a net loss, according to their study.  A recent report from the Institute for Policy Innovation says:       Reducing estate taxes would generate sizable economic gains      with little revenue loss. Over the next 10 years, doing away      with the estate tax would produce $3.67 in output for every      $1 of static revenue loss.  Finally, Alicia Munnell, a former member of President Clinton's own Council of Economic Advisors, in a 1988 economic review, estimates that the costs of complying with estate tax laws are roughly the same magnitude as the revenue raised.  This came right out of the White House.  The other factor I am very sensitive to--because before I came to this body or to the other body down the hall, I spent 30 years in the real world--I know what it is like and how tough it is out in the real world. I wish every Member of the Senate had that kind of 30-year experience. I can remember the years I spent working long hours hiring people and expanding the economic base.  There is one statistic that is hardly ever used around here. Every 1 percent increase in economic activity produces an additional $24 billion of new revenue.  If you look at the motivation of many of us--I am not the only one in this Chamber. I am not the only one certainly in Oklahoma or in this country who spent the majority of his life working, not for himself but for the kids. Would I have worked those hours and would I have taken the time to go out and generate the jobs and revenues for this country if I had known that I could not have passed them on to my children?  I say this: For probably the last 20 years of the 30-some years I worked in the real world, I worked for my four kids and now my grandkids.  If anyone in this Chamber who was opposed to the 1993 Clinton/Gore tax increase--which some have characterized as the largest single tax increase in the history of this country, and the increase in estate taxes at that time--if they were offended by that and felt we increased taxes too much, as even the President said he did, this is your opportunity to undo some of that damage.  Finally, I consider this to be a moral issue. I think any time you have the Government saying you must spend your savings on yourself and not give to your kids, it becomes a moral issue.  I yield the floor.  