This amendment takes the amount of money that was increased--increased--to the National Endowment for theArts and transfers that to a fund for Indian diabetes. It is the Indian Health Service for Diabetes.  Probably the least understood illness in this country is that of diabetes among Indians. It is a chronic disease. It has no cure. There are two different types. Type II is what we are addressing, diabetes among adults. Among American Indians, 12.2 percent of those over age 19 have diabetes. This is the highest risk of any ethnic group.  One Pima tribe in Arizona has the highest rate of diabetes in the world, about 50 percent of the tribe between the ages of 30 and 64. In Oklahoma, a lot of people are not aware, during the 1990 census, preliminary figures show the largest percentage of Indian population and the largest number of Indians of any of the 50 States. We spent a lot of time talking to our Indian population and looking at the problems that are peculiar to that population.  Not long ago, I spent some time at an Indian hospital in Talihina, OK, operated by the Choctaws. Case studies include one young male patient I talked to, 20 years of age, who already has been partially blinded with diabetes. He is already suffering from renal failure. He has a 40-year-old father who has gone blind. They recently had to amputate his leg, and probably the other one will go next. In one family, the father and mother both have type II diabetes. The mother is going to start dialysis next month. The son, who is 20 years old, has eye and kidney damage. The daughter is 17 years old and suffered a stroke, requiring weekly medical care. She has a 3-year life expectancy. The average life expectancy of the American Indian patient with diabetes is only 45 to 50 years.  It is very peculiar to the Indian population. It is very clear to see our money is better spent there and we can actually try to do something through research, through medication, through programs, to get the Indian population where they can be treated, where they know how to deal with infections they don't know how to deal with now.  It is unacceptable that, nationwide, 12.2 percent of the Indian adult population has type II diabetes. There is no cure. It is not a lot of money but will go a long way toward saving lives, not just in Oklahoma but in the Indian population all over the country.  