In March of 1998, about 8 weeks into the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Pentagon public affairs director, Kenneth Bacon, got a phone call from Jane Mayer, who Jane Mayer was a long-time Clinton supporter and friend of the Clinton administration. She was an old friend of Kenneth Bacon. They worked together on the Wall Street Journal for years before. And she got a letter. She was then working on a story for the New Yorker magazine. Mayer informed Bacon that she had evidence that a key witness in this Presidential scandal, Linda Tripp, had been arrested for larceny as a teenager. Tripp was and still is a civilian employee of the Federal Government at the Pentagon. Mayer wanted to know how Tripp had replied to question No. 21 on her security clearance form, asking if she had ever been arrested. If she had answered no, which Linda Tripp did, then public disclosure of this information in conjunction with the new evidence that Mayer said she had would have been clearly damaging to Tripp's credibility and her reputation and would discredit her as someone who was bringing charges against the President.  Soon thereafter, it was discovered that Tripp's teenage arrest was the result of a juvenile prank perpetrated against her. The judge in the case told her in a laughing way that it was a funny trick and her record would be clear. Nevertheless, Mayer's story was published and the damage to Tripp was done. She was discredited forever.  I would characterize that as saying Mr. Bacon had conspired with Ms. Mayer to implement ``a scheme to defame and destroy the public image of Linda Tripp with the intent to influence, obstruct, and impede the conduct and outcome of pending investigations and prosecutions.'' That is exactly what the two of them did to Linda Tripp.  The reason I am reading this is because that is the exact language of 20 years ago when Chuck Colson committed this same crime at the beginning of the Watergate era. The court said Colson implemented ``a scheme to defame and destroy the public image of Daniel Ellsberg with the intent to influence, obstruct, and impede the conduct and outcome of pending investigations and prosecutions.''  That is exactly the same thing Kenneth Bacon did. The actions of Bacon and Bernath immediately became the subject of the Pentagon IG investigation to determine if they had violated the Privacy Act which is designed to prevent the disclosure of confidential information on Government employees.  The IG quickly concluded that, yes, indeed, they did violate the Privacy Act. In July of 1998, the IG made a criminal referral to the Justice Department so the case could be prosecuted, but nobody knew it. The fact the IG had concluded the report was covered up by the Justice Department for 2 years. The Justice Department sat on the case for 2 years doing nothing--a classic foot-dragging, stonewalling Clinton coverup.  Finally, in March of this year, they quietly announced no one would be prosecuted in this case. And they call it a Department of Justice. The Department said it concluded Bacon and Bernath ``didn't intend to break the law'' when they made the disclosure of the Tripp information, as if that is ever a legitimate excuse for anything.  I suggest if the Senator who is occupying the chair were driving down a Wyoming highway at 100 miles an hour and were pulled over by a highway patrol and he said, ``I didn't intend to break the law,'' that everything would be fine.  This is how the process works. Once the Justice Department refuses to prosecute, even after a criminal referral for prosecution has taken place, the very least that can happen to a person is the boss of the individual who is offending may take some kind of personnel action.  It was turned over to the Secretary of Defense, William Cohen. He wascharged with evaluating the conclusions of the IG report and taking any action he deemed appropriate, such as firing both of them. Keep in mind, this should not even have happened. This should not have taken place because by this time, there should have been a criminal prosecution.  This brings us to 2 weeks ago, Thursday, when Cohen announced what he deemed appropriate. He sent Bacon and Bernath personal letters expressing disappointment in their actions, making a clear point they were not letters of reprimand and will not be placed in their personnel records. It is not even a slap on the wrist. In other words, he did nothing. He did not fire anyone. He did not fine anyone. He did not suspend anyone. He took the IG's conclusion that the Privacy Act was broken and walked away without exacting any measure of accountability or justice. It is unbelievable.  He did, however, publicly release the IG report and related documents, and these clearly show the inspector general unhesitatingly concluded that Tripp's privacy was compromised, that the Privacy Act was violated, and that the law was broken. This was in the IG report. The IG totally rejected Bacon's and Bernath's contorted arguments to the contrary.  In addition, the IG report clearly shows that no serious investigation was ever conducted into the involvement of other Clinton administration officials or friends outside the Pentagon, such as those in the White House who may have been involved in orchestrating this smear of Linda Tripp.  I urge my colleagues to read an article that was in the Washington Times on Saturday, May 27, 2000. It lays out clear evidence that Bacon and Bernath did not act alone in this matter, as they claim. There is evidence the IG did not adequately follow up. Yet it is the kind of evidence that, as Clinton friend Dick Morris has said, would lead to a conclusion any 6 year old could understand; namely, that Bacon and Bernath most certainly did not act alone.  I ask unanimous consent this article from the Washington Times to which I just referred be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  