President, first of all, let me address something that the Senator from Alabama was talking about. He gave so many good, concrete examples of the discipline problem we have in our public school system. It is a very real thing. I appreciate him bringing this up and the fact that we know why we are having this, with all the mandates and requirements.  I want to tell you a story. You talk about the discipline problems. I want to give a concrete example of how one ended up in doing a great disservice to the children of Oklahoma and other places.  I have kind of a unique situation at home. I have a wife and two daughters, all three of whom teach or have taught. My wife taught back in the fifties, when we were first married. As our four children were growing up, I remember so well the youngest one--I call her the runt of my litter--Katie, always wanted to be a schoolteacher just like her mom, and her mom's discipline was accelerated math.  So Katie was in school. She got her degree and got her master's in math education. She is really an accomplished teacher, because she loves the kids. She was active in Young Life because she liked to be around troubledkids and help them with their problems. When someone is a dedicated person like that, that means they are a much better educator.  To make a very long story short, little Katie had wanted to teach the same thing her mother did. When she finally got all of her degrees, she came to the school where her mother taught and where Katie and her brothers and sisters all went to school. After she got the job, it wasn't only that she got a job in the same school as her mother, but she taught the same course in the same school in the same classroom that her mother had taught in 30 years before. She was rejoicing. It had just been a few years before that that she had gone through that school.  She taught there for 4 years, and she came to me one day literally in tears. She said, ``Daddy, I feel like a traitor because I have to leave to go to another school district.'' I said, ``Why? This is where your mother taught. This is where you went to school. Our whole family went to school there. It is a tradition.'' She said, ``I teach math, and the kids are so disruptive and not listening. There is no discipline. When you send them to the principal's office, the principal says, `Our hands are tied. We can't do anything about it.' '' So it continues. Consequently, these kids are not getting an education.  This is in the fourth week of the beginning of the school term. She said, ``I told the kids, `If you do not get the basics right now at the beginning of the school term, you are going to fail the class.' They all shrugged their shoulders in unison, and said, `We don't care.' '' And the parents didn't care. There is no way that the school was going to discipline those children.  Katie quit. She went to a private school. She is now involved in teaching and is an accomplished teacher. The public school system lost. I am a prejudiced daddy. I admit that. But they lost one who is considered by the parents and fellow teachers and certainly students as one of the best math teachers that taught, including my wife, in that school. It is all for one reason: There is no discipline.  That is what local emphasis is all about. I think we can untie the hands of the local school districts and let them do it. On the bill we are considering today, I would like to go further with vouchers in getting into more choice. But this is certainly a good personal first step.  I would like to mention one other thing before the Senator from Alabama leaves the room because I want to make one comment about a program that works and one that we are going to try to change and get fully implemented. That is called impact aid.  I know the Senator from Alabama is interested in this because Alabama would qualify for $12 million of impact aid. Last year they got $2.4 million. They are at 20 percent of where they should be.  Impact aid is a Federal program that really works. By and large, it is not something that is giving something to somebody. It says to go the Federal Government, you have come in here with your military installations, with your Indian reservations, or any other Federal type of program, and because of that those lands on which you are working are off the tax rolls. So there is no property tax coming in. Yet while you are doing that you have brought in with you a large number of children. Those children have to be educated in our educational system. Yet there is no funding there to offset the cost of not being able to collect revenues from those lands that are on various installations. This as one of the rare programs we can talk about that is not just something good for students, but it is an obligation that we have to these students. Oklahoma, I might add, is in a very similar situation.  What we are proposing in a letter that we encourage people to sign, and which the Senator from Alabama has already signed, is that we need to phase in full funding for impact aid. Over a 4-year period of time, we start with 6 percent. Then we move on up until we have 100 percent.  This is a program that I think of as a moral responsibility to keep our word with local school districts because when we don't do that the amount of money they have to spend to educate that child is taken away from other programs such as computers and teacher-pupil ratios. This is something I think is an obligation and something that we should strive for. Hopefully, we can get the language in here.  I don't care if it ends up being an entitlement, as much as I hate to say that. This is a responsibility that we have.  