President, I am pleased to speak today in favor of passage of the Disaster Mitigation Act of 1999. As the chairman of the Senate Subcommittee with jurisdiction over FEMA, I have been working on this legislation for the last couple of years. Senator Graham and I introduced this legislation last fall and have been working diligently on it ever since. We can both attest to this process being long and arduous, with many unforeseen pitfalls. However, the final result has been a piece of legislation that while changing the scope of disaster assistance, continues to assure that FEMA will have the resources and the capability to deliver disaster assistance when called upon.  As we all know, the Federal government, through FEMA, has been there to help people and their communities deal with the aftermath of disasters for over a generation. As chairman of it's oversight Subcommittee, I want to ensure that FEMA will continue to respond and help people in need for generations to come.  Unfortunately, this goal is becoming increasingly difficult since the costs of disaster recovery have spiraled out of control. For every major disaster Congress is forced to appropriate additional funds through Supplemental Emergency Spending Bills, another of which we will be discussing at some point later this year. This not only plays havoc with the budget and forces us to spend funds which would have gone to other pressing needs, but sets up unrealistic expectations of what the federal government can and should do after a disaster.  For instance, following the Oklahoma City tornadoes on May 3, 1999, there was an estimated $900 million in damage, with a large portion of that in federal disaster assistance. In the aftermath of hurricane Floyd in North Carolina, estimates of $1 billion or more in damage have been discussed. This problem is not just isolated to Oklahoma City or North Carolina. In the period between fiscal years 1994 and 1998, FEMA disaster assistance and relief costs grew from $8.7 billion to $19 billion. That marks a $10.3 billion increase in disaster assistance in just five years. To finance these expenditures, we have been forced to find over $12 billion in rescissions.  The Bill we are passing today will address this problem from two different directions. First, it authorizes a Predisaster Hazard Mitigation Program, which assists people in preparing for disaster before they happen. Second, it provides a number of cost-saving measures to help control the costs of disaster assistance.  In our bill, we are authorizing Project Impact, FEMA's natural disaster mitigation program. Project Impact authorizes the use of small grants to local communities to give them funds and technical assistance to mitigate against disasters before they occur; but this is not just a federal give-away program. Local communities are required to have a demonstrated public-private partnership before they can become a Project Impact community.  Too often, we think of disaster assistance only after a disaster has occurred. For the very first time, we are authorizing a program to think about preventing disaster-related damage prior to the disaster. We believe that by spending these small amounts in advance of a disaster, we will save the federal government money in the long-term. However, it is important to note that we are not authorizing this program in perpetuity. The program, as adopted, is set to expire in 2003. If Project Impact is successful, we will have the appropriate opportunity to review its work and make a determination on whether to continue the program.  This forward thinking approach is revolutionary in terms of the way the federal government responds to a disaster. We all know it is more cost effective to prevent damage than to respond after the fact. I should note that in my state of Oklahoma, which has recently been hit by severe flooding, one of the affected communities, my home town of Tulsa, was a Project Impact community. While the community suffered some damage, the effects could have been much more severe had the community not undertaken preventative mitigation measures.  In passing this bill, we are also allowing states to keep a larger percentage of their federal disaster funds for state mitigation projects. Under current law, states can only retain up to 15 percent of their post disaster assistance funds for state-wide mitigation programs. We are now increasing that percentage to 20 percent. Too often states have run into the program of too many mitigation projects, with too little resources.  For example, in Oklahoma, the state used its share of disaster funds to provide a tax rebate to the victims of the May 1999 tornadoes who, when rebuilding their homes, build a ``safe room'' into their home. Because of limited funding, this assistance is only available to those who were unfortunate enough to lose everything they owned. The ``safe room'' program in Oklahoma is a prime example of giving states more flexibility in determining their own mitigation priorities and giving them the financial assistance to follow through with their plans.  An additional problem we remedy with the increase is the lack of comprehensive state-wide mitigation plans. Under current law, states are required to submit mitigation plans to FEMA, at which time they are routinely approved. However, as a condition of receipt of increased funding, states are going to have to do a better job at bridging the gap between state and local mitigation plans by developing comprehensive mitigation plans so that in the aftermath of a disaster, states know what their most vulnerable areas are and can take appropriate preventative measures.  While we are attempting to re-define the way in which we respond to natural disaster, we must also look to curb the rising cost of post-disaster related assistance. The intent of the original Stafford Act was to provide federal assistance after States and local communities had exhausted all their existing resources. As I said earlier, we have lost sight of this intent.  To meet our cost saving goal, we are making significant changes to FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) Program. One of the most significant changes in the PA Program focuses on the use of insurance. FEMA is currently developing an insurance rule to require States and local government to maintain private or self-insurance in order to qualify for the PA Program. We applaud their efforts and are providing them with with some parameters we expect them to follow in developing any insurance rule.  While FEMA's progress in this area is commendable, it has come at the considerable opposition from States and local governments who fear the impact of any new insurance regulation. Instead of ignoring the concerns of the stakeholders, we have sought to work with them and bring their views to the table early in the regulatory process. As FEMA continues its work towards an insurance regulation, States and local governments are now assured that the final rule will encompass their concerns.  Second, we are providing FEMA with the ability to estimate the cost of repairing or rebuilding projects. Under current law, FEMA is required to stay in the field and monitor the rebuilding of public structures. By requiring FEMA to stay afield for years after the disaster, we run up the administrative cost of projects. Allowing them to estimate the cost of repairs and close out the project will bring immediate assistance to the State or local community and save the Federal government money.  In all, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) projects our bill to save approximately $238 million over five years. I personally feel this is an underestimate. CBO, because of budget rules, is unable to take into account any savings that occur outside the initial five-year window. Yet, CBO says in its analysis that long-term savings are likely as a result of the predisaster mitigation measures included in the bill. CBO also says it cannot quantify the savings associated with the implementation of any future insurance rule. Yet, common sense tells us that if public buildings have some level of private insurance, federal spending under the Public Assistance Program will be reduced.  Mr. President, we have spent months working closely with other Senators, FEMA, the States, local communities, and other stakeholders to produce a bill that gives FEMA the increased ability to respond to disasters, while assuring States and local communities that the federal government will continue to meet its commitments. Our bill has the endorsement of the National League of Cities, the National Emergency Managers Association , and FEMA.  In closing, I want to thank Senators Graham, Smith, and Baucus for their help and the leadership they have taken on this important issue. I would also like to thank Senators Voinovich, Grassley, DeWine, and Bond for their support of this legislation. Without their help, input, and insight this legislation would be little more than an idea. I look forward to continuing to work with them as this bill moves to conference to make this legislation a reality.  