Nixon's White House again has      been exposed--this time by an aide who was high in its      deliberations and was an intimate of the President's--as      acting against the political and judicial process of this      country as if they were enemies.  Finally, in commenting on Chuck Colson, in the home state of the Presiding Officer, the Portland (Maine) Evening Express wrote on June 30, 1974:       Yet another close aide or high appointee of President Nixon      has been brought to justice . . . He had attempted to defame      Elsberg and destroy his credibility . . . Daily, it becomes      abundantly clearer that [the Nixon Administration is] the      most morally reprehensible administration in the history of      the nation.  So who is at fault? Of course, Ken Bacon is at fault for violating the law. But I suppose it is human nature to cover up to save oneself. Who is really at fault is the press--the media--who are covering up this crime. No one can look at the way the press assailed Chuck Colson for his crime and now covers up the crime of Ken Bacon without asking, ``Why? Why are they so defensive of Ken Bacon when they so aggressively went after Chuck Colson?'' Unequal application of the law is no worse then inequality in reporting. The consequences of both serve to diminish our liberty.  Unfortunately, Ken Bacon, who should have been prosecuted, is now in the hands of Secretary of Defense William Cohen. Cohen is charged with reviewing the IG report and issuing any administrative discipline, short of criminal punishment. I urge him to act swiftly and in accord with the seriousness of this matter.  Federal employees throughout government are watching this case. What will it say to them if someone who has so clearly violated the Privacy Act is not held accountable?  It will say that no one's privacy can ultimately be protected, that the law is largely meaningless, and that ideal of public service in support of the Constitution and the laws is forever diminished.  Madam President, I am not trying to single out Kenneth Bacon. I don't even know him. But I do know Chuck Colson, and he admits he was properly prosecuted, and Kenneth Bacon has committed the same crime and gets off free. This is wrong.  I yield the floor.  