President, I would like to make a couple of statements about the vote that just took place, the reason for it, the history behind it, where we are today, and where we are going from here.  First of all, I suggest during the 5-day Memorial Day recess there was a pending nominee on whom there had been several holds. It is my understanding the appropriate committee had not received the financial information on that individual and there wereother problems that had been voiced that precipitated the holds. Consequently, during that 5-day Memorial Day recess, President Clinton went ahead and granted him a recess appointment.  I think the majority leader was correct when he said there have been Democrat Presidents as well as Republican Presidents who have made recess appointments. Frankly, I do not think the Republicans should have done it. I do not think the Democrats should have done it. If we go back and read the Constitution on what recess appointments are all about, we would see that back in the horse-and-buggy days when we would be in session for just a few weeks every other year, and if there were a death of a Secretary of State or something like that, it was necessary to put ourselves in a position where the President would be able to fill that vacancy. That was the whole intent of recess appointments.  In 1985, President Reagan was making recess appointments because at that time we had a conservative Republican President and we had a liberal Democrat-controlled Senate. Consequently, he wanted to get his conservatives passed, so he went ahead and made recess appointments. I do not believe he should have made those appointments. I think that contradicted the provisions in the Constitution. However, he did it anyway.  At that time, the minority leader, the distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Byrd, did what was perfectly appropriate, and that was to send a letter to the President to say: Before you violate the constitutional prerogative of the Senate in its advise and consent power on any future recess appointments, I request a letter from you at a time with sufficient notice before the recess goes into effect. I request that you notify the Senate of what recess appointments you are intending to make during that recess and why.  Sufficient notice was interpreted and vocalized several times by Senator Byrd to be adequate notice so we would know they were coming up, so we could go to Members and see if there were anyone who would want to put a hold on a judicial or any kind of nominee during the recess and have adequate time to act on it before recess. In the extreme case, I suppose we could have just gone into a pro forma session and not gone into recess. Nevertheless, that is what he requested from President Reagan. I might add, President Reagan did agree to that request. He sent a letter that was satisfactory to Senator Byrd, so that set the precedent.  Because of the recess appointments of this President, I merely did the same thing Senator Byrd did back in 1985. I sent a letter, a communication to the White House, and I said: Because of your appointments, I am going to make the same request Senator Byrd made of President Reagan, with which President Reagan complied, and that is that you notify us in advance of any appointments you plan to have. If not, we will put holds on all appointments at that time--all nonmilitary nominees.  We did not get the letter for awhile. A few trial letters came over, but they were not consistent with what President Reagan had agreed to. Finally, on June 15, 1999, President Clinton sent a letter that said:       I share your opinion that the understanding reached in 1985      between President Reagan and Senator Byrd cited in your      letter remains a fair and constructive framework, which my      administration will follow.  He agreed to follow the same mandates President Reagan did. At that time, I wrote a letter back praising the President for agreeing to abide by the same agreement as the Byrd-Reagan agreement. However, on November 10, as we approached our recess, I anticipated the President might be tempted to make recess appointments that were not consistent with that agreement. So I sent a letter to him that says:       If you do make recess appointments during the upcoming      recess which violate the spirit of our agreement--  Then I went into the details as to what the spirit was; there had to be adequate notice on a list we could consider and pass around to our colleagues--     then we will respond by placing holds on all judicial      nominees. The result would be a complete breakdown in      cooperation between our two branches of government on this      issue which could prevent the confirmation of any such      nominees next year. We do not want this to happen. We urge      you to cooperate in good faith with the Majority Leader      concerning all contemplated recess appointments.  That was signed by me and by 16 other Senators. Almost all, I believe--most of them, anyway--voted against the motion to proceed a few minutes ago.  On November 17--I remember that well; it was my 65th birthday--I made a speech on the floor, and in that speech, anticipating there could be a misunderstanding of what our intent was, I said, on November 17, on this floor, at this podium:       I want to make sure there is no misunderstanding and that      we don't go into a recess with the President not      understanding that we are very serious. . . . It is not just      me putting a hold on all judicial nominees for the remaining      year of his term, but 16 other Senators have agreed to do      that. . . . I want to make sure it is abundantly clear      without any doubt in anyone's mind in the White House--I will      refer back to this document I am talking about right now--     that in the event the President makes recess appointments, we      will put holds on all judicial nominations for the remainder      of his term. It is very fair for me to stand here and      eliminate any doubts in the President's mind of what we will      do.  That is exactly what we said on the floor, and I am going back now and reminding this body of that statement.  On November 19--that was the day we were going out of session on recess, and it would be a lengthy recess going until January, the State of the Union time--the President notified the Senate of contemplated recess appointments. This was in compliance with the intent of the letter.  I hasten to say here it is not quite in compliance because this is on the day we are going into recess. But nonetheless, in the spirit of cooperation and fairness, we agreed to take this list and to read the list and to go to our colleagues and see what names were on this list of 13 nominees whom he desired to appoint during the recess, and we found there were 5 on the list who were unacceptable to some Members of the Senate. So we sent back to him that communication, that there are 8 of them, and if there were any appointments other than these 8, that would be in violation of the letter.  To reaffirm that, the majority leader was good enough to let me be the last speaker on this floor, where I stood here 10 minutes before we went into recess and I made a rather lengthy talk, of which I will just repeat a little bit right now. I said:       If anyone other than these eight individuals is recess      appointed, we will put a hold on every single judicial      nominee of this President for the remainder of his term in      office. . . . I reemphasize, if there is some other      interpretation as to the meaning of the (Nov. 10) letter, it      does not make any difference, we are still going to put holds      on them. I want to make sure that there is a very clear      understanding: If these nominees come in, if he does violate      the intent (of the agreement) as we interpret it [by      appointing anyone other than these eight], then we will      have holds on [all judicial] nominees.  There was one individual about whom the majority leader came to me, right after that, after we went into recess. He said: You know, we made a mistake, there was one other individual. Let's increase that to nine people instead of eight.  I said: That's fine.  We sent a letter to the President dated November 23 that, in the spirit of cooperation, we are adding one name to the list:       I hope this makes our position clear. Any recess      appointments other than the nine listed above would      constitute a violation of the spirit of our agreement and      trigger multiple holds on all judicial nominees.  On December 7 we urged the White House not to violate the agreement. Yet, we found that by December 17 the White House did, and President Clinton did, in fact, violate the agreement directly and blatantly by appointing both Sarah Fox to the NLRB and Stuart Weisberg to the OSHA Review Commission.  It happens that both of these recess appointments that violated our agreement would have been objected to by a number of Senators, two of whom are in this Chamber right now. However, that is not significant. There are reasons we would have found that objectionable. But even if they had been acceptable, it still violated the very specific agreement we had.  On December 20, I stated:       I am announcing today that I will do exactly what I said I      would do if the President deliberately violated our      agreement.  And on January 25, 2000, I did just that. I placed a hold on all judicial nominees. On this Senate floor I said:       It was in anticipation of just such defiance--  I am talking about the President's defiance of the Senate's prerogative to advise and consent to nominees--       It was in anticipation of just such defiance that I and my      colleagues warned the President on at least five separate      occasions exactly what our response would be if he violated      this agreement. We would put a hold on all judicial nominees.      So today it will come as no surprise to the President that we      are putting a hold on all judicial nominees. We are simply      doing what we said we would do to uphold constitutional      respect for the Senate's proper role in the confirmation      process.  Today we have agreed--I did not agree, but we went ahead and agreed to bring up two nominees on which I did assert my prerogative and say we are going to have rollcall votes on every nominee that does come up, and those rollcall votes are going to be taking place in about 15 minutes.  I say for those individuals who hysterically talked about the chaos that would be created in the event we put holds on all nominees, and no nominees were, in fact, appointed by this President for the last year of his administration and confirmed by the Senate, if you go back and look at what happened in January of 1993--that was the last month President Bush was in office--there were 109 vacancies in the judiciary. In other words, 109 vacancies that the then-Democrat-controlled Senate failed to act upon.  Today, there are 74 vacancies in the judiciary. In the event normal history takes its course and the normal number of either deaths or resignations take place, it will be not more than 25 more. In other words, there will be approximately 100 vacancies at the end of President Clinton's term of office. That is still nine fewer than there were at the end of President Bush's administration.  This is sad. We are in the process of giving up an opportunity, by voting on some of these, for the first time in 7 years of this President's administration of holding him to his word. He has broken his word over and over. He has told lies to the American people over and over, and to this body he has broken his commitment. What we are giving up is our last and maybe only opportunity in 8 years to hold this President to his commitment. What is going on today is very sad. I deeply regret it.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  