 President, I rise for two purposes. The first is to draw attention to a recent program at the Supreme Court on the work of Justice Robert Jackson and Thomas Dodd, the father of Senator Christopher J. Dodd, dealing with the International Military Tribunals at Nuremberg. I was happy to read the remarks of my colleague, Senator Dodd, at the event, and I was interested to find that many of the conclusions he draws from his father's experiences remain essential to our conduct of international justice today--and, unfortunately, they are all too often forgotten.  I would first echo the remarks made by Senator Dodd and salute the extraordinary work performed by Justice Robert Jackson and Thomas Dodd in their roles as the U.S. Chief Prosecutor and Deputy Prosecutor, respectively, at Nuremberg over 50 years ago.  The Nuremberg Tribunal taught us many lessons: that even in the depths of war, justice is not blind; that those who practice terror, oppression, hatred, and mass murder will be punished. Perhaps equally important, however, was the notion that they should also be afforded a trial. Indeed, the United States committed itself to overcoming the passions of the moment and reaffirming the rule of law. I believe this action set an important precedent that is still applicable today.  Critically, the Tribunal also helped record the horrific crimes of the Nazi regime so the whole world would see the brutality and understand the depravity of those unimaginable acts.  Unfortunately, crimes against humanity have occurred since the Nuremberg Tribunals, and they continue to occur today in places such as Darfur in Sudan. I believe that it is again necessary to remind ourselves of the important lessons learned over 50 years ago when Justice Robert Jackson and then Thomas Dodd--soon to be Senator Thomas Dodd--brought before the world the evidence of Nazi atrocities and said, ``This cannot stand.''  I ask unanimous consent that the remarks of Senator Dodd at the Supreme Court on February 15, 2005, entitled, ``Justice Served, Lessons Learned: Robert Jackson, Thomas Dodd and the Nuremberg Trials,'' be printed in the Record following my comments here today.  