 Bolton, so I am unable to answer directly the question of why he--Mr. Bolton--felt it necessary for him--Mr. Bolton--to have the identity information--that is, the name of the Americans--in order to better understand the foreign intelligence contained in the report. Furthermore, based on the information available to me--the vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee--I do not have a complete understanding of Mr. Bolton's handling of the identity information after he received it.  Continuing quoting: The committee--the Intelligence Committee--has learned during its interview of Mr. Frederick Fleitz, Mr. Bolton's acting chief of staff, that on at least one occasion Mr. Bolton is alleged to have shared the un-minimized identity information he received from the NSA with another individual in the State Department. In this instance, the NSA memorandum forwarding the requested identity--meaning the memorandum forwarding the names of the Americans to Mr. Bolton--to State/INR--that is the State Department's intelligence agency--included the following restriction: ``Request no further action be taken on this information without prior approval of NSA.''  Continuing to quote the vice chairman of Intelligence:       I have confirmed with the NSA that the phrase ``no further      action'' includes sharing the requested identity of U.S.      persons with any individual not authorized by the NSA to      receive the identity.  Continuing from the Intelligence Committee vice chairman:       In addition to being troubled that Mr. Bolton may have      shared U.S. person identity information without required NSA      approval, I am concerned that the reason for sharing the      information was not in keeping with Mr. Bolton's requested      justification for the identity in the first place. The      identity information was provided to Mr. Bolton based on the      stated reason that he needed to know the identity in order to      better understand the foreign intelligence contained in the      NSA report.       According to Mr. Fleitz--Mr. Bolton's acting chief of staff--     Mr. Bolton used the information he was provided in one      instance in order to seek out the State Department official      mentioned in the report . . .  It goes on. But my point is, on the one case that Senator Rockefellerknows of, Mr. Bolton apparently violated the restriction which was imposed upon him when he requested the information, and used that information for a purpose different than he requested.  Having said all of that, even the Intelligence Committee was not provided the names of the Americans, which is a critical issue.  