 The administration has been largely silent. How can we be so concerned about the advancement of democracy in the Middle East and so unconcerned about the regression in Russia?  The President gave a powerful, eloquent inaugural address about expanding freedom around the world. Every American shares that ideal--it goes to who we are as a people, to our experience, and to our interests.  The question isn't the goal, it's how you achieve it. I wonder if the President plans on bringing a signed copy of his address to President Putin when he meets with him next month. I fear that in Russia and many other places, the gap between the administration's rhetoric and the reality of its policies is only going to get wider.  At the same time, we have gotten little in return for turning a blind eye to Russia's regression. One of the most important programs to protect America' security--the effort to help Russia account for, secure and destroy weapons of mass destruction and related materials--has become mired in redtape that the two Presidents need to cut through.  Finally, in Darfur, Sudan we have watched a terrible tragedy unfold. Militia supported by the government have killed as many as 100,000 civilians and chased as many as 2 million from their homes.  Four months ago, before the Foreign Relations Committee, Secretary Powell rightly called it genocide. Since then, the situation has gotten even worse. Yet we heard virtually nothing from Dr. Rice about what the administration and Congress can do, now, to stop this slaughter and to help African allies develop their own peacekeeping capacity.  Let me end with something hopeful that Dr. Rice talked about: putting diplomacy back at the center of America's foreign policy.  That effort is long overdue. Be that as it may, I strongly agree with Dr. Rice that this is the time for a new diplomatic offensive with old allies, rising powers, and even hostile regimes.  But our diplomacy has to be sustained. It has to do as much listening as it does talking. And it has to use all the tools at our disposal.  Our military might is critical. It gives credibility to our diplomacy. And it gives us the most powerful tool in the world to act, if necessary, against dictators who are systematically abusing the rights of their people, or against regimes with no democratic checks that are harboring terrorists and amassing weapons of mass destruction.  But there are many other critical tools that have atrophied under this administration--our intelligence, our public diplomacy, our alliances, international organizations, treaties and agreements, development assistance, trade and investment. We need to wield them with the same determination with which we use force--even if it can be frustrating and even if the payoff takes years, even a generation.  That is what we did after World War II. That is why we prevailed in the Cold War.  Now, faced with a new but no less dangerous set of challenges, we must recapture the totality of America's strength.  Mr. President, I will conclude by suggesting that we are now faced with a new but no less dangerous set of challenges than we were in World War II, and we have to recapture the totality of America's strength.  Above all, we have to understand that those who spread radical Islamic fundamentalism and weapons of mass destruction, although they may be beyond our reach and there is no choice but to confront them and to defeat them, there are still hundreds of millions of hearts and minds around the world who practice Islam who are open to American ideas and ideals, and we have to reach them.  Dr. Rice says she is going to make diplomacy her primary task. I will work with her in that effort.  One of my colleagues said--by the way, I want to note parenthetically that I think it is totally appropriate for Senator Dayton and Senator Kennedy and my friend from California to say what they have said, to take the positions they have taken. It is consistent with the facts as they see them. They choose to view one side of the coin. I am viewing the other side of the coin.  One of my colleagues said he is voting his notion that this is going to get worse. I forget the exact phrase my friend from Massachusetts, Senator Kerry, used. Well, it reminded me of a comment by Samuel Johnson who described second marriages as the triumph of hope over experience. Well, I may be guilty in this second term of choosing hope over experience, because my experience thus far with this administration on foreign policy has been very disquieting. My hope is that the new--and I suspect she will be; I hope she will be confirmed--the new Secretary of State will, in fact, play a role in trying to change that policy, engage in diplomacy, and use the totality of our strength, which includes our ideas and our ideals, as well as our military power.  I reserve whatever time I may have and thank the Chair.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Graham). Under the previous order, the Senator from California is recognized for 5 minutes.  