 A current debate, over a particular set of issues, should not be permitted to destroy what history has bestowed on us.  And the stakes are much, much higher than the contemporary controversy over the judiciary. Robert Caro, the noted author on Senate history, wrote the following in a letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration:       [I]n considering any modification [to the right of extended      debate in the Senate Senators should realize they are dealing      not with the particular dispute of the moment, but with the      fundamental character of the Senate of the United States, and      with the deeper issue of the balance between majority and      minority rights . . ., you need only look at what happened      when the Senate gradually surrendered more and more of its      power over international affairs to learn the lesson that      once you surrender power, you never get it back.  The fight over the nuclear option is not just about the procedure for confirming judges. It is also, fundamentally, about the integrity of the Senate. Put simply, the ``nuclear option'' changes the rules midstream. Once the Senate starts changing the rules outside of its own rules, which is what the nuclear option does, there is nothing to stop a temporary majority from doing so whenever a particular rule would pose an obstacle.  It is a little akin to us agreeing to work together on a field. I don't have to sit down and agree with you that we are going to divide up this field, but I say, OK, I will share my rights in this field with you. But here is the deal we agree to at the start. Any change in the agreements we make about how to run this field have to be by a supermajority. OK? Because that way I am giving up rights--which all the Founders did in this body, this Constitution--rights of my people, for a whole government. But if you are going to change those rules with a pure majority vote, then I would have never gotten into the deal in the first place.  I suffer from teaching constitutional law for the last 13 years, an advanced class on constitutional law at Widener University, a seminar on Saturday morning, and I teach this clause. I point out the essence of our limited constitutional government, which is so different than every other, is that it is based on the consent of the governed. The governed would never have given consent in 1789 if they knew the outfit they were giving the consent to would be able, by a simple majority, to alter their say in their governance.  The Senate is a continuing body, meaning the rules of the Senate continue from one session to the next. Specifically, rule V provides:       The rules of the Senate shall continue from one Congress to      the next Congress unless they are changed as provided in      these rules.  I say to my colleague from North Carolina, on the floor, I say to my colleague from South Carolina, I say to my colleague from Utah: If you vote for this ``nuclear option'' you are about to break faith with the American people and the sacred commitment that was made on how to change the rules.  Senate rule XXII allows only a rule change with two-thirds votes. The ``continuing body'' system is unlike many other legislative bodies and is part of what makes the Senate different and allows it to avoid being captured by the temporary passions of the moment. It makes it different from the House of Representatives, which comes up with new rules each and every Congress from scratch.  The ``nuclear option'' doesn't propose to change the judicial filibuster rule by securing a two-thirds vote, as required under the existing rules. It would change the rule with only a bare majority. In fact, as pointed out recently by a group of legal scholars:       On at least 3 separate occasions, the Senate has expressly      rejected the argument that a simple majority has the      authority claimed by the proponents of the [nuclear option].  One historical incident is particularly enlightening. In 1925, the Senate overwhelmingly refused to agree to then-Vice President Dawes' suggestion that the Senate adopt a proposal for amending its rules identical to the nuclear option.  On this occasion, an informal poll was taken of the Senate. It indicated over 80 percent of the Senators were opposed to such a radical step.  Let me be very clear. Never before have Senate rules been changed except by following the procedures laid out in the Senate rules. Never once in the history of the Senate.  The Congressional Research Service directly points out that there is no previous precedent for changing the Senate rules in this way.  The ``nuclear option'' uses an ultra-vires mechanism that has never before been used in the Senate--``Employment of the [nuclear option] would require the chair to overturn previous precedent.  The Senate Parliamentarian, the nonpartisan expert on the Senate's procedural rules--who is hired by the majority--has reportedly said that Republicans will have to overrule him to employ the ``nuclear option''.  Adopting the ``nuclear option'' would send a terrible message about the malleability of Senate rules. No longer would they be the framework that each party works within.  I've been in the Senate for a long time, and there are plenty of times I would have loved to change this rule or that rule to pass a bill or to confirm a nominee I felt strongly about.  But I didn't, and it was understood that the option of doing so just wasn't on the table.  You fought political battles; you fought hard; but you fought them within the strictures and requirements of the Senate rules. Despite the short-term pain, that understanding has served both parties well, and provided long-term gain.  Adopting the ``nuclear option'' would change this fundamental understanding and unbroken practice ofwhat the Senate is all about. Senators would start thinking about changing other rules when they became ``inconvienent.'' Instead of two-thirds of the vote to change a rule, you'd now have precedent that it only takes a bare majority. Altering Senate rules to help in one political fight or another could become standard operating procedure, which, in my view, would be disastrous.  The Congressional Research Service has stated that adopting the ``nuclear option'' would set a precedent that could apply to virtually all Senate business. It would ultimately threaten both parties, not just one. The Service report states:       The presence of such a precedent might, in principle,      enable a voting majority of the Senate to alter any procedure      at-will by raising a point of order . . . by such means, a      voting majority might subsequently impose limitations on the      consideration of any item of business, prohibiting debate or      amendment to any desired degree. Such a majority might even      alter applicable procedures from one item of business to the      next, from one form of proceeding to a contrary one,      depending on immediate objects.  Just as the struggle over the ``nuclear option'' is about constitutional law and Senate history, it is also about something much more simple and fundamental--playing by the rules.  I reiterate that I think Senator Frist and his allies think they are acting on the basis of principle and commitment, but I regret to say they are also threatening to unilaterally change the rules in the middle of the game. Imagine a baseball team with a five-run lead after eight innings unilaterally declaring that the ninth inning will consist of one out per team.  Would the fans--for either side--stand for that? If there is one thing this country stands for it's fair play--not tilting the playing field in favor of one side or the other, not changing the rules unilaterally. We play by the rules, and we win or lose by the rules.  That quintessentially American trait is abandoned in the ``nuclear option.'' Republican Senators as well as Democratic ones have benefited from minority protections. Much more importantly, American citizens have benefited from the Senate's check on the excesses of the majority.  But this is not just about games, and playing them the right way. This is about a more ethereal concept--justice. In his groundbreaking philosophical treatise, A Theory of Justice, the philosopher John Rawls points to the importance of what he calls procedural justice.  Relying on this predecessors such as Immanuel Kant, Thomas Hobbes, Jean Jacques Rousseau, and John Locke, Rawls argues that, in activities as diverse as cutting a birthday cake and conducting a criminal trial, it is the procedure that makes the outcome just. An outcome is just if it has been arrived at through a fair procedure.  This principle undergirds our legal system, including criminal and civil trials. Moreover it is at the very core of our Constitution. The term ``due process of law'' appears not once but twice in our Constitution, because our predecessors recognized the vital importance of setting proper procedures--proper rules--and abiding by them.  It is also the bedrock principle we Senators rely on in accepting outcomes with which we may disagree. We know the debate was conducted fairly--the game was played by the rules. A decision to change the Senate's rules in violation of those very same rules abandons the procedural justice that legitimates everything we do.  It is interesting to ask ourselves what's different about now, why are we at this precipice where the ``nuclear option'' is actually being seriously debated and very well might be utilized? Why have we reached this point when such a seemingly radical rule change is being seriously considered by a majority of Senators? It's a good question, and I don't have an easy answer.  We have avoided such fights in the past largely because cooler heads have prevailed and accommodation was the watchword.  As Senator Sam Ervin used to say--the separation of powers should not, as President Woodrow Wilson warned, become an invitation for warfare between the two branches.  Throughout this country's history--whether during times of war or political division, for example--Presidents have sometimes extended an olive branch across the aisle. Past Presidents have in these circumstances made bipartisan appointments, selecting nominees who were consensus candidates and often members of the other party.  President Clinton had two Supreme Court nominees, and the left was pushing us as hard as the right is pushing you. What did he do? I spent several hours with him consulting on it. He picked two people on his watch who got 90 or so votes. Moderate, mainstream appointments. He did not appoint Scalias. He did not appoint Thomases. He appointed people acceptable to the Republicans because he was wise enough to know, even though he was President, we were still a divided Nation.  History provides ample examples. During the midst of the Civil War, President Lincoln selected members of the opposition Democratic party for key positions, naming Stephen Field to the Supreme Court in 1863 and Andrew Johnson as his Vice Presidential candidate in 1864.  On the brink of American entrance into WWII, President Roosevelt likewise selected members of the opposition Republican party, elevating Harlan Fiske Stone to be Chief Justice and naming Henry Stimson as Secretary of War.  Other 20th Century Presidents followed suit. In 1945, President Truman named Republican Senator Harold Burton to the Supreme Court. In 1956, President Eisenhower named Democrat William Brennan to the Supreme Court. What has happened to us? What have we become?  Does anyone not understand this Nation is divided red and blue and what it needs is a purple heart and not a red heart or a blue heart.  Lest any of my colleagues think these examples are merely culled from the dusty pages of history, let me remind them that the Senate has witnessed recent examples of consensus appointments during times of close political division. As I already mentioned, President Clinton followed this historic practice during vacancies to the Supreme Court a decade ago.  As explained by my friend, the Senior Senator from Utah, who was then the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, President Clinton consulted with him and the Republican Caucus during the High Court vacancies in 1993 and 1994. The result was President Clinton's selection of two outstanding and consensus nominees--Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer--both of whom were confirmed overwhelmingly by the Senate, by votes of 97-3 and 87-9, respectively.  Indeed, the last two vacancies to the Supreme Court are text book examples of the executive branch working in cooperative and collegial fashion with its Senate counterpart to secure consensus appointments, thus averting an ideological showdown. The two constitutional partners given roles in the nomination process engaged in a consultative process that respected the rights and obligations of both branches as an institutional matter, while also producing outstanding nominees who were highly respected by both parties.  To be sure, a careful review of our Nation's history does not always provide the examples of consultation, comity, or consensus in the nomination process. Presidents of both parties have at times attempted to appoint nominees--or remove them once confirmed--over the objections of the Senate, including in some instances where the Senate was composed of a majority of the President's own party. And sometimes the Senate has had to stand strong and toe the line against imperialist Presidential leanings.  Our first President, George Washington, saw one of his nominees to the Supreme Court rejected by this Senate in 1795. The Senate voted 14 to 10 to reject the nomination of John Rutledge of South Carolina to be Chief Justice. What is historically instructive, I believe, is that while the Senate was dominated by the Federalists, President Washington's party, 13 of the 14 Senators who rejected the Rutledge nomination were Federalists.  The Senate also stood firm in the 1805 impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Samuel Chase. President Jefferson's party had majorities in both the House and the Senate, and Jefferson set his sights on the SupremeCourt. Specifically, he wanted to remove Justice Chase, a committed Federalist and frequent Jefferson critic, from the Court.  Jefferson was able to convince the House to impeach Justice Chase on a party-line vote, and the President had enough members of his party in the Senate to convict him. But members of the President's own party stood up to their President; the Senate as an institution stood up against executive overreaching. Justice Chase was not convicted, and the independence of the judiciary was preserved.  The Senate again stood firm in the 1937 court-packing plan by President Franklin Roosevelt.  This particular example of Senate resolve is instructive for today's debates, so let me describe it in some detail. It was the summer of 1937 and President Roosevelt had just come off a landslide victory over Alf Landon, and he had a Congress made up of solid New Dealers. But the ``nine old men'' of the Supreme Court were thwarting his economic agenda, overturning law after law overwhelmingly passed by the Congress and from statehouses across the country.  In this environment, President Roosevelt unveiled his court-packing plan--he wanted to increase the number of Justices on the court to 15, allowing himself to nominate these additional judges. In an act of great courage, Roosevelt's own party stood up against this institutional power grab. They did not agree with the judicial activism of the Supreme Court, but they believed that Roosevelt was wrong to seek to defy established traditions as a way of stopping that activism.  In May 1937, the Senate Judiciary Committee--a committee controlled by the Democrats and supportive of his political ends--issued a stinging rebuke. They put out a report condemning Roosevelt's plan, arguing it was an effort ``to punish the justices'' and that executive branch attempts to dominate the judiciary lead inevitably to autocratic dominance, ``the very thing against which the American Colonies revolted, and to prevent which the Constitution was in every particular framed.''  Our predecessors in the Senate showed courage that day and stood up to their President as a coequal institution. And they did so not to thwart the agenda of the President, which in fact many agreed with; they did it to preserve our system's checks and balances; they did it to ensure the integrity of the system. When the Founders created a ``different kind of legislative body'' in the Senate, they envisioned a bulwark against unilateral power--it worked back then and I hope that it works now.  The noted historian Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., has argued that in a parliamentary system President Roosevelt's effort to pack the court would have succeeded. Schlesinger writes: ``The court bill couldn't have failed if we had had a parliamentary system in 1937.'' A parliamentary legislature would have gone ahead with their President, that's what they do, but the Founders envisioned a different kind of legislature, an independent institution that would think for itself. In the end, Roosevelt's plan failed because Democrats in Congress thought court-packing was dangerous, even if they would have supported the newly-constituted court's rulings. The institution acted as an institution.  In summary, then, what do the Senate's action of 1795, 1805, and 1937 share in common? I believe they are examples of this body acting at its finest, demonstrating its constitutional role as an independent check on the President, even popularly elected Presidents of the same political party.  One final note from our Senate history. Even when the Senate's rules have been changed in the past to limit extended debate, it has been done with great care, remarkable hesitancy, and by virtual consensus. Take what occurred during the Senate's two most important previous changes to the filibuster rule: the 1917 creation of cloture and the 1975 lowering of the cloture threshold.  First, let's examine 1917. On the eve of the United States' entry into WWI, with American personnel and vessels in great danger on the high seas, President Wilson asked that Congress authorize the arming of American merchant vessels. Over three-fourths of the Senate agreed with this proposal on the merits, but a tiny minority opposed it. With American lives and property at grave risk, the Senate still took over 2 months to come to the point of determining to change its rules to permit cloture.  When they did so, they did it by virtual consensus, and in a supremely bipartisan manner. A conference committee composed equally of Democrats and Republicans, each named to the committee by their party leadership, drafted and proposed the new rule. It was then adopted by an overwhelming vote of 76-3.  In 1975, I was part of a bipartisan effort to lower the threshold for cloture from two-thirds to three-fifths. Many of us were reacting against the filibustering for so many years of vital civil rights legislation. Civil rights is an issue I feel passionately about and was a strong impetus for me seeking public office in the first place. Don't get me wrong--I was not calling the shots back in 1975; I was a junior Senator having been in the chamber for only 2 years.  But I will make no bones about it--for about two weeks in 1975--I was part of a slim bipartisan majority that supported jettisoning established Senate rules and ending debate on a rules change by a simple majority.  The rule change on the table in 1975 was not to eliminate the filibuster in its entirety, which is what the current ``nuclear option'' would do for judicial nominations; rather it was to change from the then-existing two-thirds cloture requirement to three-fifths. It was a change in degree, not a fundamental restructuring of the Senate to completely do away with minority rights.  The rule change was also attempted at the beginning of the Senate session and applied across the board, as opposed to the change currently on the table, brought up mid-session concerning only a very small subset of the Senate's business. Nonetheless, my decision to support cutting off debate on a rules change by a simple majority vote was misguided.  I carefully listened to the debate in 1975 and learned much from my senior colleagues. In particular, I remember Senator Mansfield being a principled voice against the effort to break the rules to amend the rules.  Senator Mansfield stood on this floor and said the following:       [T]he fact that I can and do support [changing the cloture      threshold from \2/3\ to \3/5\] does not mean that I condone      or support the route taken or the methods being used to reach      the objective of Senate rule 22. The present motion to invoke      cloture by a simple majority, if it succeeds would alter the      concept of the Senate so drastically that I cannot under any      circumstances find any justification for it. The proponents      of this motion would disregard the rules which have governed      the Senate over the years, over the decades, simply by      stating that the rules do not exist. They insist that their      position is right and any means used are, therefore, proper.      I cannot agree.  Senator Mansfield's eloquent defense of the Senate's institutional character and respect for its rules rings as true today as it did 30 years ago. Senator Mansfield's courage and conviction in that emotionally charged time is further evidence, I believe, of why he is one of the giants of the Senate.  In the end, cooler heads prevailed and the Senate came together in a way only the Senate can. I changed my mind; I along with my Senate colleagues. We reversed ourselves and changed the cloture rule but only by following the rules. Ultimately, over \3/4\ of the voting Senators--a bipartisan group--voted to end debate. In fact, the deal that was struck called for reducing the required cloture threshold from \2/3\ to \3/5\; but it retained the higher \2/3\ threshold for any future rules changes.  Now I understand that passions today are running high on both sides of the ``nuclear option'' issue, and I can relate to my current Republican colleagues. I agree with my distinguished Judiciary Committee Chairman that neither side has clean hands in the escalating judicial wars.  I also understand the frustration of my Republican colleagues--especially those who are relatively new to this Chamber--that a minority of Senators can have such power in this body.  For me, the lesson from my 1975 experience, which I believe strongly applies to the dispute today, is that the Senate ought not act rashly by changing its rules to satisfy a strong-willed majority acting in the heat of the moment.  Today, as in 1975, the solution to what some have called a potential constitutional crisis lies in the deliberate and thoughtful effort by a bipartisan majority of Senators to heed the wisdom of those who established the carefully crafted system of checks and balances protecting the rights of the minority. It's one thing to change Senate rules at the margins and in degrees, it's quite another to overturn them.  Federalist No. 1 emphasizes that Americans have a unique opportunity--to choose a form of government by ``reflection and choice'':       It has been frequently remarked that it seems to have been      reserved to the people of this country . . . to decide the      important question, whether societies of men are really      capable or not of establishing good government from      reflection and choice, or whether they are forever destined      to depend for their political constitutions on accident and      force.  We need to understand that this is a question posed at the time of the founding and also a question posed to us today. At the time of the founding, it was a question about whether America would be able to choose well in determining our form of government.  We know from the experience of the last 225 years that the founding generation chose well. As a question posed to citizens and to Senators of today, it is a question about whether we will be able to preserve the form of government they chose.  The Framers created the Senate as a unique legislative body designed to protect against the excesses of any temporary majority, including with respect to judicial nominations; and they left all of us the responsibility of guaranteeing an independent Federal judiciary, one price of which is that it sometimes reaches results Senators do not like.  It is up to us to preserve these precious guarantees. Our history, our American sense of fair play, and our Constitution demand it.  I would ask my colleagues who are considering supporting the ``nuclear option''--those who propose to ``jump off the precipice''--whether they believe that history will judge them favorably.  In so many instances throughout this esteemed body's past, our forefathers came together and stepped back from the cliff. In each case, the actions of those statesmen preserved and strengthened the Senate, to the betterment of the health of our constitutional republic and to all of our advantage.  Our careers in the Senate will one day end--as we are only the Senate's temporary officeholders--but the Senate itself will go on.  Will historians studying the actions taken in the spring of 2005 look upon the current Members of this Senate as statesmen who placed the institution of the United States Senate above party and politics?  Or will historians see us as politicians bending to the will of the Executive and to political exigency?  I, for one, am comfortable with the role I will play in this upcoming historic moment.  I hope all my colleagues feel the same.  Mr. President, on behalf of Senator Byrd, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record a speech against the nuclear option delivered earlier this week by Senator Byrd to the Center for American Progress.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:      Upholding the Tradition of Freedom of Speech--April 25, 2005       ``That 150 lawyers should do business together (in the U.S.      Congress) ought not to be expected.'' Those are the words of      Thomas Jefferson.       Now comes the so-called Nuclear Option, or Constitutional      Option to prove him right. You know, I liked Jefferson, but I      always thought he borrowed some of my best stuff for that      declaration he wrote. This poisoned pill, euphemistically      designated ``the nuclear option'', has been around a long      time--since 1917, in fact, the year the cloture rule was      adopted by the U.S. Senate. It required no genius of      Brobdingnagian proportions to conjure up this witch's brew.      All that it takes is (1) to have the chair wired; (2) to have      a majority of 51 votes to back the chair's ruling; and (3) a      determined ruthlessness to execute the power grab.       Over the 88 years since 1917, however, no White House and      no party in control of the Senate has ever resorted to the      use of this draconian weapon in order to achieve its goal.      Until now. Why now? It is because a determined minority in      the Senate has refused to confirm only 10 of over 200      nominees to federal judgeships submitted by President George      Bush during this first term as President. Since his      reelection, President Bush has resubmitted 7 of the 10      nominees who failed to be confirmed in his first term. Hence,      a heavy-handed move is about to be made to change the rules      by disregarding the standing rules of the Senate that have      governed freedom of speech and debate in the Senate for over      200 years. The filibuster must go, they say.       Obstructive tactics in a legislative forum, although not      always known as filibusters, are of ancient origin. Plutarch      reported that, while Caesar was on sojourn in Spain, the      election of Consuls was approaching. ``He applied to the      Senate for permission to stand candidate,'' but Cato strongly      opposed his request and ``attempted to prevent his success by      gaining time; with which view he spun at the debate till it      was too late to conclude upon anything that day.'' Hey, the      filibuster has only been around 2,064 years, since circa 59      B.C.!       Filibusters were also a problem in the British Parliament.      In 19th century England, even the members of the Cabinet      accepted the tactics of obstruction as an appropriate weapon      to defeat House of Commons' initiatives that were not      acceptable to the government. In this country, experience      with protracted debate began early. In the first session of      the First Congress, for example, there was a lengthy      discussion regarding the permanent site for the location of      the Capitol. Fisher Ames, a member of the House from      Massachusetts, complained that ``the minority . . . makes      every exertion to . . . delay the business.''       Senator William Maclay of Pennsylvania complained that      ``every endeavor was used to waste time, . . . '' Long      speeches and other obstructionist tactics were more      characteristic of the House than of the Senate in the early      years.       There have been successful filibusters that have benefited      the country. For example, in March 1911, Senator Owen of      Oklahoma filibustered a measure granting statehood to New      Mexico, arguing that Arizona should also be a state.      President Taft opposed the inclusion of Arizona's statehood      because a provision of Arizona's state constitution permitted      the recall of judges. Arizona later attained statehood, at      least in part because Senators took time to make the case the      year before. Another example occurred in July 1937, when a      Senate filibuster blocked FDR's Supreme Court-packing plan      until public opinion turned against the plan.       Freedom of speech and debate is enshrined in Article I,      Section 6, of the U.S. Constitution. The roots run deep.      Before the British Parliament would proclaim William III and      Mary as king and queen of England, they were required to      swear allegiance to the British Declaration of Rights, which      they did on February 13, 1689. They were then declared joint      sovereigns by the House of Commons. The declaration was      converted into the English Bill of Rights by statute on      December 16, 1689, the 9th Article of which guarantees      freedom of speech and debate in Parliament in words similar      to those in our own Constitution, Article I, Section 6.       So now, for the first time in the 217 years since 1789, the      tradition of freedom of speech and debate in the Senate is      under a serious threat of extinction by the majority party      through resort to the nuclear option.       Marty Gold, deservedly respected for his knowledge of the      Senate rules and precedents, and opponents of free speech and      debate claim that, during my tenure as Majority Leader in the      United States Senate, I established precedents that now      justify a proposal for a misguided attempt to end debate on a      judicial nomination by a simple majority vote, rather than by      a 3/5s vote of all Senators duly chosen and sworn as required      by Paragraph 2 of Senate Rule XXII. Their claims are false.      Utterly false!       Proponents of the so-called ``nuclear option'' cite several      instances in which they inaccurately allege that I ``blazed a      procedural path'' toward an inappropriate change in Senate      rules. They are dead wrong. Dead wrong! They draw analogies      where none exist and create cockeyed comparisons that fail to      withstand even the slightest intellectual scrutiny. My      detailed response to these false claims and allegations      appears in the March 20, 2005, edition of the Congressional      Record. But, simply put, no action of mine ever denied a      minority of the Senate a right to full debate on the final      disposition of a measure or matter pending before the Senate.      Not in 1977, not in 1979, not in 1980, not in 1987--the dates      cited by critics as grounds for the nuclear option. In none      of the instances cited by those who threaten to invoke the      nuclear option did my participation in any action deny the      minority in the Senate, regardless of party, its right to      debate the real matter at hand.       Now why can't reasonable Senators on both sides of the      aisle act in the best interests of the Senate, the      Constitution, and the country by working together to find a      way to avoid this procedural Armageddon? President Gerald      Ford always said that he believed in friendly compromise and      called compromise ``the oil that makes governments go.''       When I was a mere lad in southern West Virginia, I once      accidentally threw a wooden airplane I had crafted through      the glass of a window in a neighbor's house. The neighbor's      name was Mr. Arch Smith. He was angry, and I was scared. Into      the house I went to plead with Mr. Smith not to tell my Dad.      I     knew that a belt thrashing awaited me if he did. I promised      to pay Mr. Smith .35 cents for the windowpane if he would      stay mum about the accident. I would raise the .35 cents by      running errands for a friendly lady next door. We struck a      deal. We compromised. And my dad never learned of the      incident until after I had paid my debt. That compromise      saved me a licking, and paid for Mr. Smith's broken window.      The sweet art of compromise solved our dispute.       Of course, the Senate itself is the result of a compromise      which solved a dispute. The Senate answered the plea of the      smaller states for equality and a forum where they could have      equal representation and minority views could be heard.      Because of that famous action, the Great Compromise of July      16, 1787, the Senate and the House balance each other,      reflecting majority rule and minority rights like halves of      the same apple in our Republic, and achieving a delicate      balance--a finely tuned, exquisitely honed accommodation of      tensions which has endured for over 200 years. To paraphrase      the words of James Madison, the Republic has been structured      to, ``guard against the cabals of a few . . .,'' as well as      against the ``confusion of a multitude . . .''       The Constitution, under Article II, Section 2, requires a      President to submit his selection of Federal judges, members      of his own cabinet, and certain other high-ranking officials      to the Senate for its ``advice and consent.'' The Framers      allowed the Executive only to propose. It was left to the      Senate to dispose. There is no stipulation in the      Constitution as to how the Senate is to express its advice or      give its consent. President Bush incorrectly maintains that      each nominee for a federal judgeship is entitled to an up or      down vote. The Constitution doesn't say that. It doesn't even      say that there has to be a vote with respect to the giving of      ``its consent.'' The Senate can refuse to confirm a nominee      simply by saying nothing and doing nothing. In Section 2,      Article II, it says, `` . . . and by and with the advice and      consent of the Senate, [He] shall appoint ambassadors . . .      Judges of the Supreme Court, and all other Officers of the      United States. . . .''       Just as in Article I concerning the setting of Senate      rules, Article II allows the Senate the freedom to determine      how it will use its advice and consent powers. The choice      of the Senate as the single entity to work with the      President on the selection of life-tenured federal judges      seems strongly to indicate the Framer's desire for      scrutiny by the House of Congress uniquely designed for      the protection of minority views. The Framers could have      selected the majoritarian House of Representatives for      such a duty. They did not. In fact, they totally excluded      the House. They made a conscious decision to delegate the      ``advice and consent'' function to the United States      Senate.       But, suppose the President's party controls the Senate, and      therefore controls the votes of a majority in the Senate?      Where then, is the check on Presidential power? The      filibuster is the minority's strongest tool in providing the      Constitutional curb on raw Presidential power when it comes      to nominations and the federal courts. Of course, the      President's party could occupy 60 seats in the Senate, and      that would be enough to break any filibuster except when      amending the rules. But, 60 votes is a high threshold, and      does provide an effective check on the abuse of power. Why      would we ever want to eliminate this important check on      Presidential power? Haven't we always had a healthy suspicion      of too much power in the hands of a King or any President      regardless of party affiliation? The filibuster is the final      bulwark preventing a President from stacking the courts (as      FDR tried to do in 1937) if his political party holds a      majority in the Senate. Without the ability by a minority to      defeat cloture by a supermajority vote, that slim wall      holding back the waters of destruction of a fair and      independent judiciary, ruptures. Other liberties enumerated      in the bill of rights can then also be washed away by a      President who stacks the courts to reflect a political      agenda. Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, all could be      gone, wiped out by a partisan court, beholden to one man: the      President.       The threat of the so-called ``nuclear option'' puts us on a      dangerous course. Yet, incredibly, today we stand right on      the brink, maybe only days away, from destroying the checks      and balances of our Constitution. What has happened to the      quality of leadership in this country that would allow us to      even consider provoking a Constitutional crisis of such major      proportions? Where is the gentle art of compromise? Edmund      Burke said, ``All government--indeed, every human benefit and      enjoyment, every virtue and every prudent act--is founded on      compromise and barter.'' As I have said earlier, the nuclear      option has been around for years. It could have been employed      at anytime. Yet, no leader of either party chose to go down      that path because the consequences are so dire. Why have we      arrived at such a dangerous impasse?       Reaction to recent decisions handed down by Federal Courts      has fueled the drive toward this act of self destruction.      Many citizens, religious people, angered by a feeling of      years of exclusion from our political process, are deeply      frustrated. I am in sympathy with such feelings. I do not      agree with many of the decisions which have come from the      courts concerning prayer in school, and prohibitions on the      public display of religious items. For example, relating to      freedom of religion, Article I states: ``Congress shall make      no law respecting an establishment of religion, or      prohibiting the free exercise thereof; . . .'' In my opinion,      the courts have not given equal weight to both of these      clauses but have stressed the first clause while not giving      enough weight to the second clause ``or prohibiting the free      exercise thereof;. . . .'' I have always believed that this      country was founded by men and women of strong faith, and      that their intent was not to suppress religion in the life of      our nation, but to ensure that the government favored no one      religion over another. I understand the extreme anger of many      good people who decry the nature of our popular culture, with      its overt emphasis on sex, violence, profanity, and      materialism. They have every right to seek some sort of      remedy. But these frustrations, as great as they are, must      not be allowed to destroy crucial institutional mechanisms      which protect minority rights, and curb the power of an      overreaching President. Yet, that is exactly what is about to      happen, with this very misdirected attack on the filibuster.       The outlook for compromise is dim. The debate has reached a      fever pitch and political polarization is at levels I have      never seen. Democrats have overreached. Republicans have      overreacted. And the White House has poured salt in the wound      by sending the same contentious nominations right back to the      Senate as if there were not a country full of qualified and      talented judges from which to choose. Our two great political      parties are not having a national debate. We are simply      shouting at each other. I have heard statements of late which      cause me to shudder--such things as, ``Democrats hate      America,'' or ``Democrats hate people of faith,'' or      ``Republicans want to eliminate separation of Church and      State.'' Thinking Americans would ordinarily shun such      extreme and ridiculous rhetoric. Yet, vituperation and      extremism continue to rage on all sides. There have even been      overt attempts to physically threaten and intimidate Federal      judges. When the nation becomes this divided, when the spin      becomes this mean, the destruction of basic principles which      have been our guide for more than two centuries looms      straight ahead. Moreover, the trashing and trampling of      comity leaves ugly scars sure to fester and linger. How can      we recover from the venom spewed by this dangerous political      ploy and get on with the people's business, especially if the      nuclear trigger is actually pulled?       At such times as these, the character of the leaders of      this country is sorely tested. Our best leaders search for      ways to avert such crises, not ways to accelerate the plunge      toward the brink. Overheated partisan rhetoric is always      available, although these days it seems to come especially      cheap, but the great majority of our people want a healthy      two-party system and leaders who know how to work together,      despite serious differences.       The current uproar serves only to underscore the mounting      number of problems not being addressed by this government.      Over forty five million persons in our country, some 15% of      our population cannot afford health care insurance. Our      infant mortality rate is the second highest of the major      industrialized countries of the world. Our deficits are      skyrocketing. Poverty in these United States is rising, with      34 million people or 12.4% of the population living below the      poverty line. Our veterans lack adequate medical care after      they have risked life and limb for all of us. Our      education system produces 8th graders ranked 19th out of38      countries in the world in math, and 12th graders ranked      19th out of 21 countries in both math and science. Yet, we      debate and seek solutions to none of these critical      problems, and instead focus all energy on the frenzy over      the selection of judges, and seek as an antidote to our      frustration, the preposterous solution of permanently      crippling freedom of speech and debate and the right of a      minority to dissent in the United States Senate.       It is very important to remember that the Senate has      formalized ways of considering changes to our rules. Changes      require 67 votes to curtail a filibuster of rules changes. If      this nuclear option is employed in the way most frequently      discussed, i.e. a ruling from the chair that a supermajority      requirement for cloture on a filibuster in respect to      amending the rules is unconstitutional, if sustained by 51      votes, cloture will require only a simple majority vote with      respect to federal judgeships. There is nothing, then, except      good sense, which seems to be in very short supply, to      prevent majority cloture of any filibuster on any measure or      matter, whether on the legislative or the executive calendar.      Think of that! Rules going back for over 200 years and      beyond, with roots in the early British Parliament, can be      swept away by a simple majority vote. Because of demagoguery,      lack of leadership, raw ambition, hysteria, and a state of      brutal political warfare that wants no truce and brooks no      peacemakers, we may destroy the U.S. Senate, leaving in our      wake a President able to select and intimidate the courts      like a King, and a system of government finally and      irretrievably lost in a last pathetic footnote to Ben      Franklin's rejoinder for the ages, ``a Republic, if you can      keep it.'' This is scary!       I suspect that at least part of what all of this dangerous      sound and fury is about can be explained by the advanced ages      of several Supreme Court Justices, and rumors of the Chief      Justice's coming retirement due to ill health. The White      House does not want a filibuster in the Senate to derail a      future choice for the Supreme Court.       Let me step into the brink and propose something that might      calm some waters. In the 105th Congress, Senator Arlen      Specter and I introduced S. Res. 146, a bill which would      establish an advisory role for the Senate in the selection of      Supreme Court Justices. Except for a very limited      ``floating'' of names shortly before the President sends up a      nomination for the Supreme Court, no one gets to weigh in on      the choices until after they are made. As in so many      instances in Washington, broad consultation is nonexistent.      In the case of potential occupants for the Federal Bench,      that is a recipe for instant polarization before hearings on      nominees are even held. Everyone quickly takes sides, and the      steam mounts like in an overheated pressure cooker until the      lid is about to blow off.       Therein lies the source of some of the fighting over the      make-up of the Courts--no prior consultation, so, in effect,      no ``advice'' independent of the White House. Our bill aims      to release some of that steam in this way. The Senate      Judiciary Committee would establish a pool of possible      Supreme Court nominees for the President to consider, based      on suggestions from Federal and State judges, distinguished      lawyers, law professors, and others with a similar level of      insight into the suitability of individuals for appointment      to the Supreme Court.       Such a pool would fulfill the Senate's ``advice'' function      under Article II, Section 2. In other words, everyone could      get their ``oar'' into the prospective judicial waters. The      President would of course be free to ignore the pool if he      chose to do so. But, the ``advice'' required by the      Constitution would be formally available, and the President      would know that the individuals in the pool had received a      bipartisan nod from the Senate Committee required to do the      vetting. Such a pool might even be expanded to include all      nominees for our federal judiciary.       Perhaps letting the Senate in on the judicial ``take off''      as well as the landing can help in the future to heal some of      the anger which dominates the discussion of the Federal      Courts these days.       But for now, like many of you, I simply hope and pray that      cooler heads will prevail, and compromise (that fading art)      will prevent us from heading over the cliff. There are, at      least some efforts in that direction, but time is very short.      In just a few days we may see the unbelievable come to pass--     one man, the President, able to select the third, unelected      branch of government, including the court of last resort, the      Supreme Court; the Senate of the United States relegated to a      second House of Representatives with six year terms; free      speech and unfettered debate rejected; and the Constitutional      checks and balances in sad and sorry tatters. Shame! What a      shame!       In closing, let us remember the words spoken by Vice      President Aaron Burr in 1805 when he addressed the Senate for      the last time:       This House is a sanctuary; a citadel of law, of order, and      of liberty; and it is here--it is here, in this exalted      refuge; here, if anywhere, will resistance be made to the      storms of political phrensy and the silent arts of      corruption; and if the Constitution be destined ever to      perish by the sacrilegious hands of the demagogue or the      usurper, which God avert, its expiring agonies will be      witnessed on this floor.       Ladies and gentlemen, the clock is running and the hour of      fulfillment of Vice President Burr's prophesy is virtually at      hand.  