 President, I will be speaking as the designee of Senator Reid, the Democratic leader.  I rise to speak to the resolution congratulating the people of Iraq for their historic elections which took place on January 30.  The Iraqi elections were an important step forward and a tribute to the courage of the Iraqi people. It was actually incredible to see them go to the polls literally as they heard explosions in the streets. The images that we saw were quite moving.  The election is only the first step in a long road filled with potentially lethal potholes, and the next months are going to be very critical.  If the elections are to be a true turning point in the history of Iraq, then it is critical, and I believe the administration fully understands, that the administration act with the urgency that is needed in several key areas to sustain this very positive momentum.  In my view, the first priority is to build Iraqi capacity. The election, hopefully, strengthened the political legitimacy of the Iraqi government, but it did nothing to build its governing capacity.  The Iraqi government is no more capable today than it was the day before the elections of providing law and order, defeating the insurgents, or delivering basic services like water, gasoline, and electricity.  We have squandered 2 years developing these capabilities, and now it is time to move into high gear, especially in training Iraqi forces that are able to operate independently and effectively. Our ability to draw down responsibly in Iraq depends on that happening.  Second, we must promote political power sharing. Because many Sunni Arabs stayed home or, quite frankly, were scared away, understandably I might add, from the polls, they may feel even more alienated and continue to support the insurgency.  I am encouraged by conciliatory statements by some Sunni-affiliated organizations that suggest they are willing to work with the new government in drafting Iraq's permanent constitution. We all should remember this election was primarily about electing people who are going to be the people who write the constitution. In a sense, it is a little bit like our Constitutional Convention that took place in Philadelphia. These folks are going to writea constitution, then they are going to present it to the Iraqi people essentially in a referendum at the end of this year, next fall. If the Sunni Arabs are not in on the deal, it is not likely to be accepted.  We must use our influence with the Shi'a and the Kurds to reach out to those who were left out, that is the Sunni Arabs, who are willing to participate in the writing of that constitution. They also have to be well represented in the cabinet of this transitional government.  Finally, just as the international community appointed a first-rate representative to the independent Iraqi election commission, so, too, should it consider similar assistance as Iraqis begin to grapple with the complexities of drafting a constitution.  Thirdly, we have to make Iraq the world's problem, not just our own. Secretary Rice said before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ``the time for diplomacy is now.'' The proof will be the administration's efforts and success in getting more help to train Iraqi security forces and to build Iraq's infrastructure. The administration has to make a diplomatic full court press.  Our allies claim to be concerned about the plight of the Iraqi people. Well, now is their chance to prove it. The Europeans have to get over it. George Bush has been elected for the next 4 years. The fact is, they must get involved and stop shirking their responsibility. We also must help the Iraqi government develop positive relations with its neighbors and regional states. Our Presidential elections are over, the American people have spoken, and it is time for our allies to get over their past differences with the Bush administration and act in their own self-interest to promote a stable, unified, representative Iraq.  A week ago, several of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle had the chance to visit with President Chirac. I think it is fair to say we sensed a new willingness to work with us if France is given a seat at the table.  Similarly, Chancellor Schroeder, during Secretary Rice's visit last week, offered additional German assistance to train Iraqi security forces, build Iraqi ministries, and support Iraqi civil institutions.  We must not squander yet another opportunity to bring our key allies into the effort.  Last April, I called for the creation of a board of directors--a contact group--consisting of the major powers, the Iraqi government, and key regional countries to support Iraq's transition. It would meet on a monthly basis to coordinate diplomatic, political, economic, and security support for Iraq.  I urge the administration to reconsider creating a contact group. The President could use his forthcoming visit to Europe to launch the effort.  A broader group which includes other nations on the U.N. Security Council, the G-8, and the multinational force can meet on a regular, but more infrequent basis to discuss ways to support the contact group's efforts.  Fourth, we must show reconstruction results. More than a year ago, the administration told Congress it urgently needed $18.4 billion for Iraq's reconstruction.  Congress delivered but the administration has not: Less than 20 percent of that money has been spent. Electricity production in Iraq has fallen to below the level it was under Saddam. Lines for gasoline stretch for miles. Oil production is lagging behind targets.  The administration must develop a plan to spend the money efficiently, with clear benchmarks. We should emphasize small-scale, Iraqi-run projects that deliver quick benefits to the Iraqi people--at least 40 percent of whom are unemployed and on giving our military commanders more flexibility to spend money directly on reconstruction.  Finally, I know that I do not need to remind my colleagues that we must support our military.  Our troops in Iraq must be equipped and trained for the mission in Iraq. The troop rotation schedule must not degrade readiness or diminish retention.  Above all, the administration must do what it has consistently failed to do in Iraq: Level with the American people.  A week ago Sunday was a good day for democracy, but there are many hard days and more sacrifice ahead. The President must make that clear if he is to sustain the support of the American people.  