President, I rise in support of the Durbin amendment. I commend him for raising this very important issue this evening.  This debate has already illustrated the knowledge of the participants and also the commitment of both sides in this debate to try to reach a very important and principled decision with respect to national missile defense. The obvious fact is that this is the most expensive military program we have contemplated, perhaps, in the history of this country, and there is a great deal riding on it.  It is not only financial, it is also strategic in terms of our increased security in the world and in terms of the reaction of our allies, reaction of potential adversaries, all of which makes this debate critical.  At the heart of this debate--one of the reasons the Senator from Illinois is contributing mightily to the debate--is the issue of countermeasures. The importance of countermeasures should be obvious to all of us. My colleague from Massachusetts talked about this. In the history of conflict, for every development, there is an attempt to circumvent or to neutralize that development. So it should be no wonder, as we contemplate deploying a national missile defense, our adversaries are at this time thinking of ways they could, in fact, defeat such a national missile defense.  There are two general ways to do that. One is to build more launchers with more warheads so you essentially overwhelm whatever missile defense we have in place. Or--this is probably the most likely response--you develop countermeasures on your missiles to confuse our defense and allow your missiles to penetrate despite our national missile defense.  At the heart of what we should be doing in contemplating the deployment and funding of this system is ensuring that in the testing we pay particular attention to the issue of countermeasures, because that is the most likely response of an adversary to defeat the system we are proposing. That is common sense in many respects. Anyone with a cursory knowledge of history would immediately arrive at that conclusion.  This is not a merely theoretical discussion. Sophisticated countermeasures already exist. They are the penetrating aids which are on most of the Russian missiles. There is the possibility, of course, that these penetrating aids will either be copied by rogue nations or, in fact, be traded or exchanged to these rogue nations.  I found very interesting a report by the intelligence community which was unclassified and issued last September. In their words:       We assess that countries developing ballistic missiles      would also develop various responses to U.S. theater and      national defenses. Russia and China each have developed      numerous countermeasures and probably are willing to sell the      requisite technologies.       Many countries, such as North Korea, Iran and Iraq,      probably would rely initially on readily available      technology--including separating RVs, spin-stabilized RVs, RV      reorientation, radar absorbing material, booster      fragmentation, low-power jammers, chaff, and simple balloon      decoys--to develop penetration aids and countermeasures.       These countries could develop countermeasures based on      these technologies by the time they flight test their      missiles.  Frankly, what we are testing against today is a very small fraction of these possible countermeasures penetrating aids. We have selected a very discrete set of the most primitive countermeasures, and we have used that as our benchmark to determine whether ornot the proposed national missile defense system will work well enough to fund development and ultimate deployment, when, in fact, our own intelligence community is telling us today there are numerous sophisticated penetrating aids that are readily available.  They are also telling us that as we build up this national missile defense, our potential adversaries, while they build their missiles, are not just waiting around. They are also developing their countermeasures. So countermeasures takes on a very important role in our deliberations.  Senator Durbin has identified this critical issue and has focused the attention of the Senate on how we will respond to this particular issue. His response is not only principled but is entirely logical.  What he is saying is, let's ensure that in the testing process, we don't test the just rudimentary countermeasures, we test for robust countermeasures. If we can defeat those countermeasures, then we have a system that not only we can deploy, but that system will be much more stable, much more effective over time; in effect, increasing the longevity of the system. When we are going to spend upwards of $60 billion--I think that was one figure quoted; frankly, I believe whatever figure we have now, it will be much more when we finish paying the price--if we are spending that much money, we don't want to buy something that has a half-life of 1 year, 2 years, 3 years or 4 years. We want something that will justify the expense and defend the country against likely threats for many years.  Senator Durbin used the analogy of golf. The other analogy that is very popular to try to bring into popular parlance what is going on here is essentially what we are trying to do is hit a bullet with another bullet, small objects flying through space at relatively large speeds. Think about how difficult that is right now.  We have made progress in terms of supercomputers, in terms of large-scale computer capacity. So the problem of identifying a speeding bullet and then calculating instantaneously through billions of calculations its trajectory and then sending that message to another bullet is a daunting physical problem, but we have made progress.  However, the countermeasures takes that daunting task and infinitely increases its complexity because to our system and our kinetic kill vehicle that is hurling through space, it won't be only one target; it could be multiple targets. To differentiate those targets, identify the real targets, and strike it in a matter of seconds is an incredibly complex technological task.  So I believe, once again, that the Senator has identified something that is critical to our responsibilities--not the responsibility of the Secretary of Defense, not the President's responsibility, but our responsibility as the Senate of the United States to supervise, to carefully review, and, ultimately, through appropriations and authorization, to give the final say about this system. That is our responsibility, and we would be rejecting that responsibility if we didn't look hard and insist that the executive look hard at this whole issue of countermeasures.  The other issue that has been discussed tonight is, why should we tell the Department of Defense to do something such as this when they are already doing it? Well, the simple answer is: We do it all the time.  Here are a few examples recently: Last December, the F-22, a very sophisticated fighter aircraft, was supposed to start its low-rate initial production; but this decision was delayed because there was dissatisfaction with its progress, with whether or not it was living up to its capabilities. We mandated tests because we were unsatisfied with the deployment schedule and its ability to be brought to the forces in the field. That was done much further along the line than the place we are in developing the national missile defense. In many respects, we are doing the same thing with the Joint Strike Fighter this year.  So it is not unusual to tell the Department of Defense, or to look over the Secretary's shoulder and say, even though you might be doing it, we want to make sure you are doing it, we want to make sure that they are looking specifically at the countermeasures. We want to know more specifically, when he talks about the capacity of this system to grow, will it grow up to all the countermeasures listed by the Intelligence Committee? Will it go from C-1 to C-2? We are not sure whether it will reach that ultimate test of countermeasures. This is a valuable role we must play.  There is another aspect to this whole debate, which I think should be noted. It is a very difficult thing and, in some respects, an intellectual challenge. For years and years, decades and decades, we have relied upon deterrence policy----  