President, I respect the Senator's efforts to try to improve education. We may very well disagree on the philosophy.  In specific response to his question about the Joint Tax Committee studies, I think there is a difference between coverage and effect. The coverage might include a broad range of American families, from the very wealthiest to low-income families, but the effects--who gets the benefits--are decisively skewed toward very wealthy Americans.  That same tax analysis in 1998 showed that 7 percent of families who have children in private schools who use this provision will receive 52 percent of the tax benefit and the other 93 percent of the families will receive 48 percent.  Frankly, the way, as we all realize, the tax structure is established, tax credits and tax benefits are more beneficial to the higher income level, unlessthey are particularly targeted to low-income citizens. These are not.  Essentially, what we have is, yes, low-income families and medium-income families will, in fact, be able to get some benefits. It has been estimated that over 4 years, this benefit to the average family is about $20. The benefit for very wealthy Americans will be significantly more.  Again, this might be more anecdotal than analytical. If you look at the population of students going to private schools, they generally come from upper-middle-income to upper-income families because of the nature of funding.  I know the Senator wants his time. Let me make a quick point. When we start making these comparisons between higher education and elementary and secondary education, not only do we have a principle difference, i.e., we have a fundamental obligation to elementary and secondary education, do we have the same to higher education? We can disagree about that.  The other thing we have to do is put it in context. The tax benefits in higher education are on top of Pell grants which are specifically directed at low-income parents. They are really, if you will, icing on the cake, and the cake is really Pell grants, Stafford loans--a whole panoply of higher education benefits which we supported for years and years. To make the transfer or analogy of it is just like what we do for higher education, it is not only philosophically questionable but also, in terms of the context, questionable. I thank the Senator for his time.  