President, let me conclude my overall remarks by saying, as I began, that we are in the doldrums. We are here but we are not moving. I do not think it is sufficient to simply, on a day-by-day basis, make a little concession here and a little concession there.  I think to get this Senate under full sail again, moving forward, proudly, purposefully, is to once again summon up the spirit which I always thought was inherent in this body, the spirit of vigorous and free and open debate, of vigorous and wide-ranging amendment, unfettered by the individual proclivities of the leader, whoever the leader may be, and then, ultimately, doing our job, which is to vote.  This afternoon, I have tried to suggest several areas where we have neglected that obligation. With respect to Federal judges, it seems to me that there has been an attitude adopted here that our advice and consent is sort of an optional thing. If we do not choose to do it, then no judges will be confirmed. In a way, it is very subversive to the Constitution.  Frankly, I don't think anyone would object if judges were brought to this floor and voted down. That is a political judgment, a policy judgment, a judgment based upon their jurisprudence, their character, a host of issues. But what is so objectionable is this notion of stymying the Constitution by simple nonaction, by pushing it off into the shadows, allowing individual nominees to languish, hoping that no one pays attention to it, and that at the end of the day these judges will go away and more favorable judges will be appointed. I do not think that is the way to operate this Senate.  We have legislation, such as the ESEA, which has been permanently--or apparently permanently--shelved, not because there is something inherently wrong with the bill as it has been presented--we can debate the merits of that--but because to bring it back to the floor would invite amendments that might be uncomfortable. I think that is also wrong.  Then I think we have a measure which everyone claims is critical to our economy, critical to our future national security, critical to our relationships with Asia and China, particularly, over the next several decades. That, too, has been shunted aside, not because of substance, but because of political calculation. Once again, I think that is wrong.  In return, what has been suggested, is: Why don't you take a little of this and a little of that, and we will give you an amendment here, and we just might bring up two judges, but we don't know who they are. That, in comparison, is not an appropriate response to the basic question of: Will the Senate be the Senate?  I would hope that we would return to that spirit, that spirit which I think drew us all here initially, with the hope and the expectation that we would debate and we would vote--we would win some; we would lose some--but ultimately, by debating and by voting, and by shouldering our responsibilities--not avoiding them--the American people would ultimately be the great victors in this Democratic process.  I hope we return to that spirit.  I yield the floor.  