President, I rise to join my colleagues in supporting this important amendment. For months we have been bogged down in a conference without real progress, and without hope of concluding the conference and bringing this bill to the floor for a final vote in the last days of this Congress.  I think we have to move forward. I think we have to move forward, particularly when it comes to access to health care for children in this country. I know there has been some discussion that progress has been made in terms of allowing access to a pediatrician. But there are other important aspects of health care for children included in the context of the Norwood-Dingell bill that have not been agreed to yet by the conference committee.  For example, ensuring that an appeals process is sensitive to the particular needs of children, the developmental needs of children that do not exist for adults; and also ensuring that there are quality assurance provisions for outcomes that are tied to the particular concerns of children.  If we do not do these things, then we are not only missing an opportunity, we are also disregarding our obligation to aid the children of this country.  We have all heard stories today about lawyers and stories about HMOs. Let me tell you a story about one child. It is a story I heard down in Atlanta with Senator Max Cleland. Lamona Adams, the mother of James Adams, was concerned about her child. He had a fever. He was ill. She did what she was told to do by her HMO; that is, to call up and get advice over the phone about what she should do. She desperately pleaded for help for her child.  She was told to go 42 miles to a hospital because the HMO had a contract with the hospital to receive their patients. While driving 42 miles to a hospital on the other side of Atlanta, an area she didn't know anything about, the child became so ill that the father just saw a sign that said ``hospital,'' went there, and they treated the child. They saved the child's life. However, they could not save the child's hands or his feet. They had to be amputated. That is what HMOs have done in too many cases in this country.  We have the power to stop the practices. We have the power to do it today. We should do it today, on behalf of not just James Adams but so many children throughout this country.  The fact that we have delayed action on this issue, I think, is inexcusable. Now we have to act. In a way, this whole episode is like a popular film a few years ago called ``Ground Hog Day,'' where every day the character woke up, and it was the same day over and over again. It is not only the same day this year but, as I look at some of the charts on the Senate floor, it seems to be the same day 6 years ago. The same arguments were trotted out about health care reform 6 years ago, as were the same dire predictions about more and more Americans losing their coverage if we pass this legislation.  We didn't pass health care reform legislation years ago. Guess what. More and more Americans have lost their insurance coverage. We can do something now--limited, purposeful, appropriate--make sure that HMOs treat people as patients, not as objects of economic profit on their balance sheet. We can do it. We should do it.  Today should not be Groundhog Day. It should be D-Day. We should seize the initiative and pass this legislation.  