President, I rise to voice my objection to a particular provision of the Fiscal Year 2001 Defense Appropriation Act. Overall, I believe this legislation does much to meet the needs of the U.S. military. However, I believe that a provision relating to the procurement of C130Js sets a dangerous precedent which may jeopardize the military readiness of our nation.  The Air Force requested two C130J aircraft in the FY01 budget. No other aircraft presently in the Air Force inventory can do what the C130 does. It is capable of taking cargo into small, unimproved airfields where larger, jet engine aircraft are not capable nor designed to go. The C130 is our only ``intra theater'' airlift, unlike the C17s, C141s and C5 which are ``inter theater'' airlift.  Each year that the Air Force has received appropriations for C130Js, it has assigned the aircraft to those units in its total force which were in greatest need. In 1978, the Air National Guard even developed sound guidelines, based on objective criteria, to ensure that the units with the most aged and corroded aircraft received replacements first. This allocation method has been fair and effective and ensured that all units of our Air Force are modernized in an appropriate manner.  For the past twenty-one years the Air Force has had the authority to determine where newly acquired aircraft were assigned--and the units most in need received the planes. However, many units are still flying planes which first flew in Vietnam and are rapidly reaching the end of their useful service life.  This year, however, the Defense Appropriations Act directs that the two C130Js go to Western States Air National Guard units for firefighting. First, let me say that I am sympathetic to anyone at risk for forest fire damage. However, I question whether firefighting should be the determining factor for the allocation of military aircraft, particularly when the aircraft in this bill would be used to replace existing firefighting aircraft. Secondly, the designation of these aircraft for Western States deviates from the guidelines which the National Guard designed and has followed for the past twenty years. These aircraft units are not at the top of the Air Force's priority replacement plan. Lastly, and most importantly, the inclusion of this directive language could set a very bad precedent. This would be the first time Congress has usurped the authority of the Air Force in determining which units should receive new C130 aircraft.  It is my hope that this provision is an exception to the rule and that next year the Congress will not override the decision of the Air Force to allocate aircraft based on an objective evaluation of need. I hope that, and will work to ensure that, Congress allows the Air Force to exercise its judgement in deciding which units should be modernized with any aircraft approved in the budget process. To do otherwise raises serious doubts about our commitment to military readiness.  