President, I rise in very strong support of Senator Bingaman's amendment to provide additional resources to support State and local accountability efforts. Last year's budget included these funds, and this investment must be continued.  I have worked long and hard on school accountability. But, frankly, the leader in this regard in this body is Senator Jeff Bingaman from New Mexico. He is a champion for ensuring that Federal resources go to schools. But we also provide incentives and opportunities for accountability and for improvement, along with Federal dollars. His efforts have been in the forefront of this great effort to improve the quality of our education and the quality of our schools.  The Federal Government directs over $8 billion a year to provide critical support for disadvantaged students under title I. But even with this great amount of money--$8 billion--there are still insufficient resources to provide for the accountability provisions that are part of title I.  We essentially face a situation, given the number of students who qualify for title I and the limited resources for the program, where most of the funds go simply to providing services and not the type of careful overview and thoughtful review that is necessary for program improvement.  With the resources that are proposed by Senator Bingaman, we will be able to identify more closely and more accurately schools in need of improvement. We will be able to provide assistance for activities like professional development and technical assistance to schools so that they can in effect improve their performance and implement State corrective actions for schools that we should and must improve.  Today, as I mentioned before, most of the dollars are simply going out to meet this overwhelming demand for services without the ability to review, evaluate, and correct programs. With this ability we would not only get the best results for our dollars, but we could materially improve the educational attainment of children throughout this country, and particularly disadvantaged children under title I.  In 1994, much of the impetus for accountability began with the prior reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  The 1994 amendments allowed States to move forward and develop their own content performance standards and to develop their own assessment measures to provide the details for our direction to improve the accountability of title I money.  But as I mentioned--this is a constant theme--because of limited resources, there is the difficult choice between providing the service and doing the accountability.  On a day-to-day basis, States try to keep up. But over time, they are falling behind in terms of improved performance and improved quality of education for students. What results is States can't as effectively address weaknesses that they see. They can't invoke a progressively intensive range of interventions to improve schools. They can't do the continuous assessments that are necessary to keep these programs on target, focused, and provide quality education for all of our children.  The amendment, which the Senator from New Mexico proposes, would provide resources for schools and school districts to enable them to address the challenges of helping low-performance students and low-performance schools. In fact, we know those students in our lowest performance schools will immediately and directly benefit from the Bingaman amendment because studies clearly show that students in low-performance schools are at least a year or two behind students in the high-performing schools within the title I universe.  As we provide these resources, we need to focus them on the more problematic schools so we can help disadvantaged children to attain better educational achievement throughout our country.  We are still in the midst of trying to reauthorize the ESEA. Within the context of that act, Senator Bingaman has other accountability language which I am proud to support with him.  But we have a critical opportunity--and we are at a critical juncture today--to provide resources and directions so that the accountability issue at least will not have to wait upon final reauthorization of the ESEA if that final reauthorization is indeed forthcoming in this legislative session.  I once again commend Senator Bingaman for his leadership.  I conclude by simply saying that we have a situation where there is a great deal of knowledge and a great deal of intuition at the local level about how they can improve this program.  These resources in the hands of local school authorities would make a real difference in the lives of disadvantaged children, and would ultimately go to the heart of, I believe, what our greatest challenge in this country is, which is to use education to provide all of us, but most particularly the most disadvantaged Americans, the opportunity to learn, to succeed and to contribute to this country and to our economy. I urge passage of the Bingaman amendment, and I yield to the Senator from New Mexico.  