 This is a very important debate about the course of educational policy in the United States. It is important in many dimensions.  Typically, when we bring a bill to the floor on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, much of our discussion is about the mechanics of the legislation. But this debate opens up broad philosophical topics which we are confronting in the bill that is before us and the alternative which Democratic Senators will offer.  There are basically two philosophies at play. The philosophy I bring, and that I share with many of my colleagues on the Democratic side, is that there is a very specific role for the Federal Government in education policy. First, we recognize the primacy of State and local authorities in the U.S. Historically, culturally, indeed, constitutionally, State and local authorities govern educational policy. There is a role, though, for the Federal Government. It is a role we have played robustly since 1965; that is, to encourage innovation at the local level while at the same time trying to overcome local inertia so that together with this innovation, which comes from below, and with support so we can overcome obstacles at the local and State level, we can improve the education of our children and their academic performance.  All of this leads to an approach which suggests that our role is limited and targeted, particularly with respect to low-income students, who historically have been denied the kinds of opportunities many other American children take for granted. Also, we have a role to reflect national priorities in educational policy, priorities that transcend local feelings, regional approaches, and truly create a national political and policy environment for education improvement. That policy has been established in Federal law since 1965.  Today, we are confronting another philosophy. That philosophy, stripped down to its core, is essentially revenue sharing. My colleague from Connecticut suggested as much in his remarks immediately preceding mine. That approach is to say simply that we have some money and let's turn it over to the States. Underlying that approach is the presumption that, of course, the States know what is best. But one of the ironies, again alluded to by my colleague from Connecticut, is that if you are justifying this change in philosophy and change of legislation by the fact that American education policy is failing, what sense does it make to give vast resources without conditions to those individuals and institutions which control this failing educational policy? The institutionsthat control educational policy are the States and localities. We contribute, from the Federal level, about 7 percent of resources. It is very limited and very targeted. Ninety-three percent of the resources are governed by State and local law.  So if American education is failing, who is responsible for this failure? And if the States and localities are responsible, why are we about to embark on a legislative policy which would simply turn over the money to them without any real check on how it is spent?  It is States and localities that determine how they raise funds. Through history, they have been wedded to the property tax. In fact, the property tax might be the most decisive reason why some school systems succeed and some fail miserably. But that is a local initiative, local policy, and local law. We wouldn't presume to change that. Yet that has a decisive effect on American educational policy.  Who certifies teachers? It is the States, not the Federal Government. If you are concerned about the quality of teachers in the classroom, don't come here and blame us for requiring poor teachers to be in a classroom. Don't come here and blame us for requiring shoddy school buildings. There is no Federal law that requires that. It is a combination of State policy and revenue measures that provide inadequate resources for many school districts.  All of these things are under the gambit of State and local control. What we have tried to do for more than three decades now is to find points of leverage in the system where Federal resources and Federal policies can make a difference to help spur innovation and to help overcome the inertia we all see at the local level.  This philosophical debate will rage for the next several days on this floor. It is an important debate. Again, I believe the policy we have developed over several decades makes sense, given the realities of educational policy in the United States. It recognizes the key role of States, but it is not an exclusive role. It recognizes that the Federal Government, in limited, targeted ways, can help improve educational quality in the United States.  One of the key issues--indeed, it might be the fulcrum upon which this whole debate turns--is accountability. All of those who propose that we turn over resources will argue: But we are requiring more accountability. I think this argument in some respects misperceives the accountability that has already been built into Federal education legislation and assumes the States and localities will act in all cases wisely and well, when in fact history suggests that under the pressure of local budgets, under the demands of local political forces, they can be as irrational sometimes as any policy dictate from Washington.  Over the last several decades, we have endeavored to improve the accountability of States and localities through principally the title I program, accountability based on student performance. Back in 1988, amendments to the Elementary and Secondary Education Act for the first time got away from the simple accountability for finance which ruled title I programs before and started looking at consequences for student performance, tried to begin to develop the notion of standards-based education and of holding States accountable for their title I students and the use of Federal dollars.  In 1988, for the first time, we started talking seriously about student outcomes and requiring evaluation of outcomes and improvement in student achievement in the context of the title I program. The first attempts back then were quite modest. The States were left to set the standards, and the standards were often set too low. There was no real enforcement of failure to conform to these standards.  Also, in 1988, and years subsequent to that, title I funds went to schools determined on the basis of low student achievement, not based on student poverty levels. As a result, there was this perverse incentive essentially to give more money to schools that were failing rather than to look at another dimension to measure how we could allocate funds. The amendments in 1988 set the stage for action that took place in 1994. That was the Goals 2000 legislation with which, as a Member of the other body, I was deeply involved. And here we began to build on a bipartisan effort, which was begun by President Bush in the context of his educational summit, to develop goals for education in the United States as we approached the new century. The Goals 2000 legislation tried to build on those goals.  One of the key elements was to try to, once again, enhance the accountability for the Federal dollars going to the States and the overall performance of the States. Part of the sensitivity to accountability and to what was going on in the States was a result of books such as Jonathan Kozol's book, ``Savage Inequalities,'' which painted a very bleak picture of programs, particularly urban education programs, and the distinct disadvantage that low-income students, despite title I funding and State efforts, were still suffering in the 1980s.  Also, at that time, there was a range of court cases. The most notable was in Kentucky, where the whole school finance system was challenged as being inequitable and inefficient. In fact, Kentucky's supreme court declared the financing in Kentucky schools to be not supportable and unequal and something that had to be changed. As a result, Kentucky took the lead in developing an equalized financing program and comprehensive reform, and other States acted at the same time, such as Massachusetts, Arkansas, and Tennessee. So this effort was ongoing throughout the country.  In the context of Goals 2000, there was an attempt to develop performance standards and the opportunity to learn standards, where for the first time we were talking about the resources necessary for schools and, most important, for children, to succeed. This was based upon the commonsense notion that a child who has a teacher who is unqualified and teaching out of their subject area, a child in a program where there is inadequate facilities, a child that is not able to participate fully in activities and advance in classes that are common, indeed routine, in the suburbs, that child is not going to be able to succeed as well as other children. We pushed very hard to simply require the States to answer a fundamental question: After you have identified a school that is failing, based on these outcome standards, what will you do?  Frankly, my amendment, which was focused on this effort, caused intense opposition because when you come down to the crunch, and try to ensure schools are performing, there is innate opposition from States and localities--they recognize tough actions will be required on their part, and there is a natural tendency to resist those types of tough decisions. In fact, not only did my Republican colleagues in the other body object, the White House also objected to the scope of the accountability that I envisioned. We moved forward with a concept at least. It was moderated a bit in the final legislation. It required that within the plan for applying for Goals 2000 funding, the States would indicate in a modest way what they proposed to do with respect to schools that were failing and systems that were failing.  Despite all of this discussion about accountability, Goals 2000 does represent progress on voluntary standards and also an enhanced sensitivity to the notion of making sure that programs work and are accountable. Since its passage in 1994, over $2 billion has been dispensed. Every State has participated, in a way. It has been useful in helping to stimulate reform, to raise standards, and to try to develop evaluations and assessments so we can know where we are in education policy and improve education throughout the United States. That is an example, in many respects, of how we can use Federal legislation to help move forward the education agenda. I think it is a very powerful example.  Contemporaneously with Goals 2000, in 1994, we reauthorized the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which we are beginning to discuss again this week in the Senate. In 1994, we focused on ways in which we could enhance the effectiveness of title I. We made progress in streamlining the approach to title I, eliminating what we thought were unnecessary regulatory burdens on school systems, but at the same time focusing on high-quality standards and the notion that every child can learn, and that title I is not simply a program to placate students, teachers, and parents; it is a program to give them a real chance to succeed--and the development of assessments that would measure the progress of students.  We tried to target the resources more closely to low-income schools and school systems because one of the criticisms of title I is that everyone seemed to get a little piece. When the authorization came to the floor, it was everybody trying to fight to make sure their system--be it a poor or a suburban, middle income school system, or even a rich, exclusive school system--got their little piece of the action.  We did target, much more appropriately, the title I program. Also, again, we thought about corrective action, how to move this system forward, how to identify schools that are failing, and how to make those schools appropriately competent to teach children.  I offered an amendment to allow States to take corrective action against any district identified as needing improvement and require such action during the fourth year following the identification. My amendment also gave a list of remedies the States could use. This amendment was incorporated in the final version of the act. In fact, it is this legislation that, for the first time, has allowed us to identify schools that are not succeeding based on State standards. Back in 1996 and 1997, it was estimated that there are 1,500 LEAs and about 7,000 schools that are not succeeding based upon their State standards. The States have the authority--and, in fact, under title I, they have the obligation--to take corrective action.  I believe all of this is an appropriate introduction to suggest that we are, in fact, dealing with many of the issues that are prompting the debate we have today--this notion that we are not paying attention to accountability, this notion that schools in America are failing. In fact, I suggest that because of the steps we took, starting with Goals 2000 and the last authorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, we are beginning to see progress. As Senator Dodd indicated in his remarks, if you look at the statistics, we are seeing increased performance in student mathematics achievements, as measured by the National Assessment of Educational Progress, showing that all three age groups--4th grade, 8th grade, and 12th grade--have shown progress.  Indeed, black and Hispanic students have made significant gains, and since 1982, racial and ethnic difference in achievement have narrowed. Science achievement has also improved. We are also seeing increased numbers of students taking high-level courses, such as algebra II, trigonometry, chemistry, and physics. That is good because this level of effort is so important to our educational progress. The selection of tougher, more demanding courses, once again, cross racial lines, so that we are seeing all of our students take more challenging courses. So in one sense, what we are doing is working.  But in addition to this progress, last year we went further and adopted the Education Flexibility Partnership Act because we were listening to the complaints and comments of those who said: Listen, we have to unburden even further these Federal education programs.  Ed-Flex, however, has not exactly been overwhelmingly embraced in the country. There was an article in the Washington Post a few weeks ago and, by coincidence, the commissioner of education of Rhode Island, Peter McWalters, stated, ``I can get the flexibility I want under the current opportunities.'' That was his reason why he was not interested particularly in the Ed-Flex approach. It exists nevertheless. So those who claim the reason we must essentially create block grants for the States is because they don't have flexibility are ignoring the fact that we did, indeed, pass the Ed-Flex legislation.  Also, as indicated by the Center on Education Policy and the Institute for Educational Leadership, most State and district school administrators fail to understand the inherent flexibility that already exists under Federal law. They see it as barriers to change when, in fact, there are no real barriers. For example, the Department of Education reported that of the 617 waiver requests processed by the fall of 1998, over one-third weren't necessary because the local schools already had the authority under Federal law.  One of the other factors in this issue of flexibility and appropriateness of Federal legislation policy is the irony that many States' rules are more restrictive than the Federal Government's rules. One-third of the States do not allow districts to consolidate administrative funds, even though Federal law allows them to do so. Federal law allows students to operate title I school programs to combine funds for many Federal education programs. However, some States require schools to account for all programs separately.  A lot of the purported burden of Federal rules is really a consequence of State rules, which in some cases are not as flexible.  All of this suggests very strongly, at least in my mind, that we have embarked on policies which are beginning to show some promise and which have already instilled significant accountability devices within the law that are targeted to national purposes and compensate for policies and programs at the State level which historically did not reach low-income children particularly and others who are typically without a voice in many local communities.  But having said that, we approach this reauthorization with a common commitment and a common understanding that we have to do much more. If you look within the United States, we have made some progress. But if you look around the world, we are still not at the level we need to be. If you look at international assessments, our 12th graders score below the international average in math and science, and achievement gaps still remain between minority and nonminority students. We have closed the absolute difference. But those gaps still exist.  In 1998, for example, 32 percent of students in the highest poverty schools met or exceeded the National Assessment of Educational Progress basic level in reading. But that is only half the rate nationally of students in public schools. Dropout rates are much higher than the African American and Hispanic community than the overall level. We know we have to do more.  We also know that as a result of local policies, 30 percent of all math teachers are teaching outside the field of their academic preparation, and that percentages are higher in other academic areas, as well as in high-poverty schools.  Once again, let me emphasize that this is not a result of Federal policies. That is the result of local hiring practices. That is the result of local certification processes. That is the result of decisions made not in Washington but in State capitals and cities throughout this country. Yet we have a national obligation and opportunity to try to assist the States to change the disturbing statistics.  We also want to insist again that we have appropriate outcome-based standards for measuring performance of young people and making sure as best we can that the States are meeting these obligations. We should do that.  The approach this legislation before us takes is an approach that essentially is moving away from all of this and saying simply let's create block grants, turn them over to the States, and let the States operate as they have in the past and as they will do without these specific Federal conditions and guidelines.  There are two variations within the legislation. There is the 50-State Straight A's. Then there is the 15-State Straight A's pilot program, if you will, sponsored principally by Senator Gregg of New Hampshire. But all of these approaches lack the quality and the emphasis that I believe is necessary to continue the progress we have made to date and to continue our appropriate robust Federal role in education policy.  According to Amy Wilkins, who is with the Education Trust, an organization that promotes higher achievement for poor and minority students, I quote:       The accountability provisions in Straight A's are      meaningless window-dressing. The goals are too low, the time      lines are too long, and the sanctions too inconsequential.  In fact, Straight A's might take us way back before Goals 2000, and the last reauthorization where we, as I suggested in my remarks, took very strong steps with respect to accountability. In fact, some of us would havetaken even further steps to improve accountability for Federal dollars going to States to assist States overall in improving their educational processes.  We have seen since 1988 attempts to increase accountability. In fact, if you go back before 1988, it might reveal how States would react to this new freedom that perhaps they may receive under this bill, an even more chilling scenario.  My colleague from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, pointed out earlier in the day some of the excesses we found when essentially the title I program was a block grant with very few constraints. Money was being used to build pools. Money was being used to buy band uniforms. Money was being used for anything that the ingenuity and imagination of a good school administrator could think of, given perhaps the fact that the local community wouldn't fund it. But here is this Federal pot of money, and I am ingenious enough to use it anywhere I can.  We might be headed in that direction once again, although history has moved on a bit. The pressures at the local level are still there. The budget pressures for school, the pressures to do things, and the limited money to do them are still there in every school system.  The Straight A's program and the Straight A's scheme as proposed by Senator Gregg would block grant funding to the States. We know in a general way that block grants usually end up with a lack of accountability and with a diffusion of purposes. We have seen this in the maternal and child health care block grants. That has been documented by outside observers, such as the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.  My fear is essentially that we will head in the same direction with education funding.  First I want to make comments about the 50-State Straight A's.  It eliminates the targeting of funds to the truly most needy children in our country--migrant children, children of immigrants, and homeless students. Programs for these children are rolled into the larger block grant.  It also would allow the States to proceed with an experiment for 3 years after which the Secretary of Education could terminate an agreement if there is a determination that student achievement has ``significantly declined.'' Once again, what they mean by ``achievement'' is if the States are deficient. I expect, given history as a benchmark, that States are not going to challenge themselves too much, that their achievement is going to be modest at best, and it is going to be awfully difficult to determine what ``significantly declined'' means in fact.  If the Secretary makes this determination, he has to wait at least 2 more years before he or she can come in and put leverage on the States to improve significantly.  In the meantime, you have a 5-year cohort of young people who are moving in a system that might be headed precisely in the wrong way, and there is very little we can do to change direction.  The other aspect of the 50-State approach of Straight A's is that the State offers to participate in this block grant. The accountability provisions, which as I indicated before are rather insignificant, really apply only at the State level. A State could demonstrate improvement according to their own definition. But they could do so by simply aggregating the statistics statewide.  Once again, you have laws that focus on children who have always been a part of our efforts at the Federal level--low-income children who are historically disadvantaged. The goal of the States is performance goals. Very limited local, let alone Federal, participation is provided for in creating these goals.  In some respect, it might be the fact that the authors and proponents recognize that local communities might be struggling with reform, and we have to put it someplace. They have chosen the State level.  But that undercuts the argument we all make on this floor that local control is paramount because the way this legislation is structured, the States would be a decisive force in determining the goals and determining the proper use to achieve those goals.  There is language, of course, to close the achievement gaps. But there is no real requirement that these gaps be closed. We could conceive of progress being made even though we still have significant disparities between racial and ethnic groups. Parents are not incorporated in the process as they should, in my view; that is, in the Straight A's, 50-State process. If you move to the 15-State version, that is even more objectionable from the standpoint of targeting, from the standpoint of accountability, and from the standpoint of having an appropriate Federal-State collaboration on issues that are important to us in terms of educational policy.  In fact, targeting of federal funds to schools with the neediest students would no longer be required. It is also a 5-year program, with very little control in the States for 5 years. States get to do their thing for 5 years.  After 5 years, there is no real penalty, if the States are not doing well. The only time the Secretary could step in is if there were a lack of substantial progress. Once again, the States are defining what ``progress'' is, and I am sure they will not raise the bar too high. That has been my experience. And I think States keep the bar low because that helps them assure, as best they can, they will be successful.  It would also not require that all students in the State be incorporated in the assessment. ``All students,'' as defined in the 15-State version, simply means all students attending public or charter schools that are participating in the State's assessment system. The State could say, we are not assessing these children, and in effect exclude a number of children from the assessment and, consequently, from their evaluation of overall performance.  Then the money could be used for ``any elementary and secondary educational purposes permitted by State law,'' which could be vouchers and other programs which would undermine seriously not only Federal education policy but public education in general.  There is a different approach to these two block grant proposals, an approach that will be involved in the Democratic alternative. The key element of that is the accountability provision Senator Bingaman is introducing and I am cosponsoring. It builds on the record of accountability I talked about before. It maintains current targeting toward disadvantaged students and requires a single system of accountability so you don't get into the fight between title I students and other students. It specifies goals in terms of disaggregated populations, and it requires the States to set specific numerical goals.  So we are not talking about substantial progress or significant progress. We are talking about picking a goal, working towards it, and having a more objective measure of whether or not you are going to make that objective.  It also requires the identification of those populations of students who are not part of the State assessment so they cannot game the system as under the 15-State Straight A's proposal.  It establishes significant consequences if the States fail to respond. It requires States and districts to undertake corrective action in those situations where the schools or the school systems are not performing. It informs parents by having report cards for parents, so they know what is happening. They know if their school or school system is under a corrective action.  In effect, it does what I think we all want to do. It provides not only the context but the consequences so that States will begin to improve or build on the improvements taking place in education throughout this country. We will begin to see not just progress domestically but in those statistics internationally, which is at the heart of so much of what we have talked about over a decade or more.  We have a lot to do to ensure our education policy is moving forward. I believe very strongly that the approach adopted in the bill before the Senate, the two block grants, will not do that. I think it walks away from our commitment, particularly our commitment to low-income students.  We know from statistics that seven times the resources of the Federal programs go to low-income students than State programs. We also know as we turn money over to the States, fully a third of the States are embroiled in debates about how they spend the money themselves.  In my home State of Rhode Island, the State is being sued by suburban communities who claim they are disadvantaged, that they don't get enough State money, while at the same time, of course, in the urban centers such as Providence and Pawtucket, there are 40 languages in the school system and they have tremendous problems with new Americans coming into the school system. They need more and more resources for more programs to deal with populations that didn't even exist in my State 10 years ago. This clash goes on and on.  It suggests to me that the States have real problems themselves deciding how to allocate resources. Citizens of many States are complaining bitterly about how it is done. Yet in Straight A's and the 15-State variation of Straight A's, we propose simply to turn over the keys to the State and say: Do what you will.  I don't think that makes for good policy.  We also know if you look at block grant funding, it historically declines. In 1981, we created block grants from some education programs, and a few years later those programs declined significantly by 12 percent. That is an example of what happens when we put things in a block grant. The support for the programs dissipates over time. We will find ourselves, particularly if we encounter a difficult budget year at the Federal level, where this block grants approach does not yield the kind of resources upon which States have come to rely.  We have a lot to do to ensure our education money is spent well, spent wisely. I think we have taken appropriate action over the last decade to ensure accountability--not just for financial resources but also for outcomes, for student progress. We have to continue that. We certainly don't want to go back to the days when school systems, particularly in the late 1960s, were spending this money willy-nilly because there was no accountability. We have examples replete from programs I mentioned before.  In the late 1960s in Claiborne Parish, LA, they were building outdoor swimming pools. In Benton County, MS, title I funded a 6-week course in homemaking for 11th- and 12th-grade black girls at the old Salem School, an all-black school. The homemaking course was conducted in private homes 3 days a week for 4 hours each day. At the same time, at the white high school, they were providing a summer school program in English. A report done at the time suggested the young black women were essentially being trained to be domestics, while the title I white children were being trained how to read.  That might be a relic of history which in the new century is a quaint anachronism, but it shows in particular places with particular pressures, unconditional block grants could lead to results of which we would not be particularly supportive. I think we can do better than that.  I do not suggest this was a phenomenon in one region of the country. In Massachusetts, in the same report, although they had a significant minority population in the Boston public schools, they were turning money back because they could not use this title I money. That suggests to me, if they didn't want to use it, they didn't want to engage in a serious way to improve every student's output.  We have before the Senate an opportunity not to avert our attention and our efforts from school improvement, not to walk away from public education, but rather to engage in a serious debate of how we can improve existing Federal programs, how we can infuse these programs with more purpose, how we can go ahead and prevent local pressures and local priorities from overcoming what should be a national priority--improving the education of every child in this country.  I look forward to this debate as it ensues. I look forward to ensuring we have a vigorous debate on our policy. In the course of this debate, we will offer amendments to try to improve the legislation. I hope we will enter this debate recognizing what we have done over the last decade, the fact that progress is being made, the fact that this progress is insufficient, which should cause us not to abandon our approach but to strengthen, reform, and improve it.  I ask unanimous consent to recognize Senator Murray after Senator Bunning gives his statement.  