 First, there are no more respected and trusted Members of the Senate than Senator Warner and Senator Byrd. When one approaches their amendment and their language with respect to Kosovo, it is with a position of both, as I mentioned, trust and respect.  However, after examining the amendment, I must disagree with their conclusion and the amendment. Let me also say by way of an aside, I certainly do support the underlying provisions of the military construction appropriations bill and I commend both Senator Burns and Senator Murray for all their hard work.  As I indicated, I am concerned about the amendment offered by my colleagues, Senator Byrd and Senator Warner. The Byrd-Warner amendment provides for several things. First, section 2410 of the bill would prohibit the expenditure of funds for the continued deployment of ground troops after July 1, 2001, unless the President seeks and secures congressional authorization to continue the deployment beyond that date.  This, I think, is one of the more central parts of their amendment. Essentially, it says our troops will come out by July 2001 unless the Congress acts affirmatively to keep them there.  There has been some discussion throughout this debate about senatorial prerogative and roles of the Senate in forging policy with respect to deployment of our troops. I don't believe this debate is ultimately about, or should be about, senatorial prerogatives. It is quite clear, given the power of the purse, we can compel the extraction of our forces by simply cutting off the funds. That principle is clear. What is at stake here is the consequences of such an action, whether such an action would inure to our benefit or whether it would be a costly error. I believe it would not inure to our benefit. I believe the consequences would be detrimental not only to our position in the world, our position in NATO, but ultimately to the position of our forces within Kosovo.  Let me suggest what I believe to be the consequences of the passage of this amendment. It would signal to those forces both within the Albanian Kosovars and the Serbian Kosovars that our commitment to staying in Kosovo is limited to a year. As a result, they will, for their own protection and also to advance their own particular plans after our departure, begin to rearm, begin to become much more provocative, begin to assault each other.  Frankly, given the imbalance of population and forces within Kosovo, it is more likely that the Albanian Kosovars will try to seek a final remedy by displacement of Serbians out of Kosovo before, in their view, the departure of the summit forces, which would likely be accompanied by significant reduction, or certainly a diminution, of the international commitment to Kosovo.  With this combination, we are creating a very destabilizing situation within Kosovo. That destabilized situation would, I think, jeopardize the safety of our forces there. As a result, we would have a situation where we were injecting the kind of uncertainty, the kind of instability, that would, I think, blow up in our faces in terms of our troops.  I mention what the Albanian Kosovars might do. I think Milosevic, being shrewd, clever, and unyielding, would seek to regain through this action what he lost on the battlefield, would continue to accelerate the introduction of his forces back into Kosovo in the guise of civilians; would begin, if he could, to circumvent embargoes on weapons to bring weapons in, setting the stage for violence, for acceleration of violence, which I think inevitably would touch our troops.  Finally, if one is sitting back and watching these developments from within Kosovo, and one is expecting a vote of this Congress with respect to whether our troops will stay or they will go, one might conclude or deduce, based upon recent history, that the quickest way to accelerate our departure is to harm our troops. That is one lesson, perhaps imprecise, but one lesson of Somalia. When American forces, with overwhelming firepower, confronted basically tribal forces armed with AK-47s and RPGs, we were staying the course until tragically we lost two helicopters and a number of Army rangers and Army personnel, and then quickly we were through. We don't know if that is the lesson the leadership in Kosovo would draw, but certainly it is plausible.  As a result, as we spin out these consequences, the requirement within this amendment to withdraw, unless there is congressional approval, sets in motion a chain of events which I think will not lead to stability, will not lead to an environment of peace and tranquility, or at least minimize violence, but could very well unwittingly, unconsciously--and certainly this is not the intent of anyone here particularly--lead to more violence, more instability, which perhaps would force us to withdraw for political reasons long before we could ever sit down and have a vote in this Senate and in the other body on whether we should continue our presence in Kosovo. Essentially, what we are doing here today, as I mentioned, is not charting the prerogatives of the Senate but trying to assess the consequences of what we will do, trying to look ahead and not to the rear. One could come here, and I think should come here, and question how we got into Kosovo, how we were consulted by the White House. Many of these questions are legitimate. Many of these questions have been raised many other times on this floor. But today we should be looking ahead. As we look ahead, I think the consequences of this act would be detrimental rather than helpful to our international position and to the safety of our forces on the ground.  There is a second provision, and that provision is to develop a plan to shift responsibility for providing ground forces to European nations by July 1, 2001. Again, I do not believe there is anyone in this body who would question the central role that Europe must play in securing the peace, not just in Kosovo but in the entire Balkans. So the plan for the organized shift of responsibilities is sensible. Certainly I approve of this. I do not think anyone disapproves of it.  There is a final proviso and that is withholding 25 percent of the fiscal year 2000 supplemental funds unless the White House certifies that European allies are paying their promised share of reconstruction and humanitarian assistance. Again, no one can question or argue that the Europeans should do more, should do their share. Whether or not this amendment would prompt them to do that is another question. But this is an element of the amendment that I believe certainly engenders the kind of debate, and we hope pressure, political and otherwise, that would require the Europeans to pay their share, to carry their load, to respond to a crisis that is in their backyard and not in our backyard.  All of these elements together--but most particularly the first element, the deadline for withdrawal if there is no approving vote by the Congress of the United States--are troubling and will, as I suggested, set in motion a series of events that could not only destabilize our position but force us to pull out, not in an organized way but in quite a disorganized way.  We all are concerned about what appears to be an open-ended commitment. I do not believe this is the way to respond to that concern. Perhaps there is no good way to respond to that concern. Perhaps the only way to do so is to begin to work with our allies so, on a programmed, planned basis, we can substitute additional U.S. forces with European forces. Perhaps it is by working with the United Nations to see that they back up their words with real resources, real dollars, so they can begin the reconstruction, and also to work with the European Community so they can do the same in terms of their commitments; also to begin to work with international groups, the United Nations and others, to develop the capacity to have available real police forces, not those who have been trained to patrol the reasonably serene streets of metropolitan areas in the United States and Canada and elsewhere, but those police forces that are trained for this type of almost paramilitary operation.  Those steps take time. But that is a way to address this issue of an open-ended commitment of our military forces. It is an issue we must address because, regardless of what we do with respect to Kosovo, we have similar challenges in East Timor and other places that require the same kind of international humanitarian and reconstructive aid, as well as international police forces.  There is another issue that emanates from this amendment, and that is the message we are sending to our allies about our participation in an international effort. We are in Kosovo because, not only are we a member of NATO, we are the leader of NATO. Our allies have joined us in this effort. This is not a unilateral American response to a problem. This is an international response with our allies through the mechanism of NATO. Indeed, I believe if we are signaling our response is weakening, that signal will be taken very badly by our allies in Europe and around the world.  We did an extraordinary job with our military forces, our air power, in securing our entry into Kosovo, the entry of NATO. It would seem to me to be turning away from that great military success at this juncture by our own action, essentially signaling to our NATO allies we are no longer prepared to assistthem in the efforts in Kosovo. I believe it would, in fact, trigger their parliaments to conduct the same types of debates we are conducting, and the same type of vote if this measure passes. And, as a result, the cohesion, the commitment--not just of the United States but of NATO and European forces--would be dissipated and, in fact, we would see perhaps the end of international involvement in Kosovo.  The other thing to recognize is that, of the 49,500 troops on the ground, 5,300 are American forces, about 10 percent of the total. This is not a disproportionately American-led operation today on the ground in Kosovo. Indeed, if you look at the U.N. international police forces in Kosovo, of the 1,900 police officers, 430 are Americans. In terms of reconstruction, we are scheduled to pay about 14 percent of the reconstruction, 20 percent of the humanitarian aid. These numbers are in line with a joint international effort not dominated by the United States, but our shared participation is vital to its success.  If we choose to make this judgment with respect to Kosovo, we also have to ask ourselves, reasonably: Will our participation elsewhere be questioned? What about our Australian allies who have shouldered a disproportionate burden in East Timor and have asked us repeatedly both for practical and political reasons to participate with them? Will they suddenly get nervous about our resolve there and curtail their activities in a country which desperately needs international support to make the transformation from a dependency, a captured territory, really, of Indonesia, to an independent country?  We can see many other places around the world where our resolve might be seriously questioned. So the ramifications of this vote are not just within the context of Kosovo. They would reach out across the globe literally to raise questions of our role in the world with respect to our allies and our adversaries.  Speaking of adversaries, one has to ask how would this be interpreted by Milosevic in Belgrade? I think he would see this as his salvation. After losing five wars in the Balkans, after seeing his country practically dismembered, after seeing his cities destroyed from the air, suddenly we would offer him the hope of some ultimate justification because, if we leave, the pressure on our allies to go also will be, perhaps, unstoppable. Also, if we leave, and if my worst fears come about that there is renewed interethnic violence between Serbs and Albanians within Kosovo, he will be able to stand in his figurative pulpit and claim that he is doing precisely what we did; that he is using his military forces to stop the ethnic cleansing of Kosovar Serbs by Kosovar Albanians, and that he is justified, morally and politically, on the same basis we were, to enter back into Kosovo with force, if necessary, to vindicate the same moral principles we claimed.  Would that not be a terrible irony in history? Yet that very well could happen. I believe Milosevic and his colleagues in Belgrade would embrace any slight weakening of our resolve.  The other aspect we have to look at, and it is one that is geared to all of us here but none more so than the sponsors of this amendment, is the status and the safety of our forces.  Again, one can always conjure up dangers, particularly when we have troops in as close contact as they are. The simple uncertainty of what we might do a year from now with respect to a vote would, I think, inject increased risks to our forces in the field. I do not think we should do that. I do not think it is necessary to do that.  We have heard from General Clark. He has been emphatic about his view that this course of action would not be wise or judicious. We have heard similarly from Secretary of Defense Cohen.  Our troops in the field already face a difficult task. They have combat power, but ultimately it is the resolve and the support of this Nation that stands behind them which is their greatest weapon.  They are in a very difficult and dangerous situation. They are in urban areas. Like so many of my colleagues, I traveled to Kosovo last July with Senator Levin, Senator Sessions, and Senator Landrieu. We traveled through Kosovo. It is and has been a violent land. It is a place where we saw as we went into Prizren, a town in the German sector, fires burning by renegades who are still trying to avenge themselves against the Serbs.  In that complicated area with cities, I do not think we want to unwittingly invite the hotheads, the terrorists, the ideologues to begin attacking our forces because that is not a place where our advantages militarily will come to the fore. In fact, we will be severely disadvantaged.  I hope we will reject this amendment. This is always very positive and productive because this body should be a place for debate and discussion. Senator Warner and Senator Byrd have, once again, focused our attention on this issue in Kosovo, once again reminding us of how we got into the situation and also reminding us of our obligations to look ahead. In that sense, they have done a great service to this Senate, as they have done throughout their careers.  If we seize that challenge, if we look ahead, if we try to carefully measure the likely consequences, this amendment will not advance our cause, will not advance our position in the world, will not provide additional support and resolve to those forces within Kosovo that are seeking peace and reconciliation. It will, at best, create uncertainty and doubt which will generate, in my view, violence and, at worst, be a green light for those forces that want to finally eliminate their ethnic rivals or those forces that see this as an opportunity to, once again, get the upper hand on their ethnic rivals.  All these suggest we should reject this amendment and that we try, if we are concerned about the long-term status of our forces in that area, to work for an acceleration, as part of this amendment calls for, an acceleration of international assistance for reconstruction and humanitarian affairs, an acceleration of the deployment of police officers to absorb the responsibilities which now are being held by military forces, to accelerate our readiness for peacekeeping around the globe because we know, although we regret, there will be other situations such as this.  If we can do that based upon this debate, then we have accomplished a great deal, but I urge my colleagues to oppose these provisions and support Senator Levin's amendment to strike so we can send a message to our allies, to our soldiers, to our adversaries that we will stand behind our forces in Kosovo.  I thank the Chair. I yield back my remaining time to the Senator from Michigan.  