President, I rise in strong support of the Kennedy amendment. Senator Kennedy has focused on one of the critical aspects of education reform in the United States; that is, improving the quality of teachers in this country. Teachers want this kind of assistance. If you ask them, they are universally disappointed in their opportunities to improve their skills as teachers.  Just a few days ago, in this debate we supported, in large part, Senator Collins' amendment to allow increased tax preferences for educational courses teachers might take. But that is just the surface. The way to reinvigorate and reform schools in this country is to improve the professional development in the classroom--not in graduate schools, not in taking correspondence courses, but getting those teachers in classrooms watching other qualified teachers, giving them the opportunity to participate with their principals in developing curricula, developing their own skills and their own attributes.  That is what the Kennedy legislation does. It calls for the incorporation in our schools of professional development that is embedded within the curriculum. It is consistent, sustained, long-term, throughout the academic year--indeed, throughout the entire year.  What is happening today? The reality is, teachers spend between 1 hour and 8 hours during the academic year on professional development. Most times, it is gathering in a big hall listening to a lecturer who the superintendent of the system thinks makes sense, but in some cases the teachers are wondering why they are at that location.  We can change that. Indeed, we must change that. Unless we improve the quality of teaching--and I agree wholeheartedly with Senator Murray; we have excellent teachers in America--we will not respond to the challenges of this new century to prepare, in public schools, the best educated citizens of this country. Indeed, our first obligation has to be this effort to reform and reinvigorate and reignite the quality of excellence in our public education system throughout the country.  The underlying proposal does not do that. It essentially siphons off dollars to those, principally wealthy, Americans who choose to send their children to private schools. Our obligation, I believe very fervently, is to ensure there is a real choice so that, indeed, there are excellent public schools and an American family can choose those excellent public schools or a private, independent or parochial school. But until we have excellent public education throughout this country, we are failing in a fundamental obligation we have to our country and to our citizens.  One of the best ways to assure excellent public education is the way that has been suggested by the amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts, and that is to provide professional development that is sustained, embedded in a classroom, that calls upon mentoring, that calls upon all the things we are learning from the real world.  We are learning from observing places such as district II in New York City, which is committed to this type of professional development. I had a chance to visit with a school in that district and listen and watch the teachers as they discussed among themselves the issues that were critical as they developed new curricula, as they talked about new strategies. This is what is going to improve the quality of our teaching. When we do this, we will improve the quality of education throughout the entire country.  This is also what we heard at hearings during consideration of the ESEA. We heard experts from around the country, teachers from around the country, coming to tell us they need more support for this type of professional development. If we are really, fundamentally asking ourselves how we can improve education in this country, it is not through a tax credit device that will essentially subsidize, on average, wealthy Americans to send their children to private schools; it is investing in teachers in our public schools so they will be able to educate this generation of Americans to continue the leadership role of this Nation in the world in this new century.  I emphatically and fervently support the Kennedy amendment. I urge its adoption.  