President, I rise today to echo the strong support of my colleagues for the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act.  In July, we celebrated the 35th anniversary of the Older Americans Act, a milestone for a program that has meant so much to millions of America's seniors. The Older Americans Act brings critical support services to the elderly in communities throughout this nation and has greatly benefitted seniors in my State.  The long overdue reauthorization of this Act is particularly significant for the State of Rhode Island. The Older Americans Act has had a long and rich legacy in my State since the Act's inception. Indeed, former Rhode Island Congressman John Fogarty played a key role in authoring the original Act, and I am pleased to have played a role in the reauthorization of this historic Act.  Since 1965, thousands of Rhode Island seniors have enjoyed the benefits of Older Americans Act programs--from congregate and home delivered meals, senior center programs, protective and legal services for the elderly, among other essential programs and services, all of which have brought comfort and enrichment to the lives of seniors in my State. For example, this year, Older Americans Act funding has helped to provide the following services to seniors in my State: 667,101 congregate meals at 74 sites; 540,008 home delivered meals; and 3,500 clients served through the home visitation program.  For many unfortunate reasons, authorization of this legislation lapsed in 1995 and since that time, Congress has been wrangling with its reauthorization. And if it were not for the hard work and sheer determination on the part of Senators Jeffords, Kennedy, DeWine, and Mikulski and their staffs frankly we would not be here this afternoon. I would also like to recognize Janette Takamura, the Assistant Secretary for Aging, for her insights and expertise that have proven invaluable throughout this process and for her tremendous leadership at the Administration on Aging. Indeed, getting to this point has not been easy. I commend my colleagues for their diligence and willingness to compromise on key issues, and I have been pleased to support these efforts.  Their long and hard work has resulted in a thoughtful and balanced bill that lays out a vision for Older Americans Act programs for the next several decades. Specifically, this legislation streamlines and updates existing programs and authorizes new programs designed to meet the needs of the growing population of American seniors and their families in the coming century.  In particular, as an original cosponor of S. 707, legislation introduced by Senators Grassley and Breaux, I would like to highlight the inclusion of the Family Caregiver Support program in the Older Americans Act reauthorization. The Family Caregiver Support program is designed to meet the critical needs of families who are caring for loved ones with chronic illnesses or disabilities. This program will support respite services for caregivers, counseling and caregiver training and information about additional support services in the community.  Family caregivers are the unsung heros in the provision of long-term care in this country. Nationally, more than 7 million Americans serve as caregivers for relatives, friends and loved ones. Last Fall, I held a Special Senate Committee on Aging field hearing in Rhode Island to explore the burdens and challenges that face family caregivers in my State.  My home State of Rhode Island has the third highest concentration of people over the age of 65 in the Nation, has enjoyed a longstanding commitment to community-based services for the elderly.  Consequently, over 90 percent of Rhode Island seniors are living outside of institutional-based care settings, thanks in large part to the selfless contributions of families and friends in providing elders with the support they need to remain in their homes and communities.  Indeed, my State has already begun to work on creative ways to provide caregivers the resources they need. Recently, the Rhode Island Department of Elderly Affairs was one of 16 national recipients of an Administration on Aging demonstration grant to develop and implement a model to provide training, support and qualified respite care for Alzheimer's families. Monies provided through the new Family Caregiver program under the Older Americans Act will greatly help to fortify and expand ongoing home- and community-based initiatives in my State.  I would also like to commend my colleagues for the inclusion of funding under Title IV to help States start to address the transportation needs of our Nation's seniors. Indeed, in Rhode Island, there is a growing demand from senior centers for transit vans to move seniors who cannot drive and are not served by regular mass transit. This is an issue of growing importance in my State, and I look forward to further considering ways to improve senior transit.  In closing, I would again like to express my appreciation to my colleagues and their staffs for their tremendous efforts to reauthorize this monumental piece of legislation. Thank you, Mr. President.  