President, I rise to support Senator Murray's amendment and commend her.  I begin by talking about this issue of status quo that has been bandied about. Let me suggest what the status quo is in America. The status quo is that Governors and mayors and school committees fundamentally decide educational policy in this country. In fact, the Senator from Arkansas gave a good example of how a Governor really screwed it up. He decided he wanted smaller class size, but he didn't understand or recognize that you also had control for the quality of the teachers, so the result is in poor districts there are lots of unqualified teachers.  Is that an example of a Federal program run amok? No, it is an example of a Governor who got it wrong. What is the Republican proposal? Let's give Governors, including Governor Wilson, carte blanche to do what they will with educational policy. I can't think of any example that more closely undercuts this Straight A approach to education than the example of what was done in California.  It is much different than what Senator Murray is advocating. One of the reasons why there were problems in California, I suspect, is they did not have the extra resources necessary to ensure both smaller class size and teacher quality. That is why this program is adding Federal dollars to State resources and local resources, so we control both size of the class and the quality of teachers.  I also think it is interesting to note when talking about the collapse anddecline of American education, people point to international experiences. Frankly, most international systems are nationally based educational programs. Japan is one which has strong national standards which do not give money away to the head of the prefecture or the head of the province. They have national curricula. They have national teacher certification. So if you are going to have a comparison between why we are failing vis-a-vis other nations, recognize the approach the Republicans are proposing is diametrically opposed to what is done in most of the leading industrialized nations of the world. They are not talking about national anything. They are talking about vesting in every little State, every little community, the authority.  Sometimes, frankly, I guess this has been a useful debate. The Senator from Arkansas recognizes that Governors really mess it up sometimes. So I do not think we have to take that approach.  I think we can rely, not only on statistics and studies--and the Tennessee example has not been refuted--but just common sense. Ask any teacher. Ask any parent. Would you prefer to teach 30 children or 18? I suspect anyone in the Senate with children of school age, when asked whether they would prefer to have their child in a class of 30 or a class of 18, would say, unhesitatingly, 18. That is common sense.  That is what we are about here and that is what this amendment is doing. For the last 2 years we have actually embarked on this program. We are providing assistance and it is flexible, not in the abstract but in the particular. The Providence, RI, Superintendent of Schools wanted to engage in this approach, using extra resources to augment her teaching staff and reduce class size. She received from the Department of Education a waiver which allowed these resources to fund literacy coaches to co-teach in elementary schools 50 percent of the time and to deliver school-based professional development for the balance of the time. It was a flexible approach meeting local needs under the context of the existing legislation. So these theoretical concerns about a lack of flexibility are disproved when you actually look at what systems are doing and what they can do.  All of this goes to the real, fundamental issue. Are we going to continue our commitment to lower class size supported both by common sense and by the statistical reviews done already, particularly in Tennessee, or are we going to embark on a carte blanche check to Governors?  We have a good example in the previous discussion about a Governor who really got it badly wrong. It illustrates the status quo. The status quo is that Governors and local communities control the quality of teachers. They control fundamental policies. They get it wrong sometimes. Yet the whole Republican approach is give them more resources, give them a list of things they can do, as the menu in a Chinese restaurant, and then that is it.  There is also before us now an amendment by Senators Abraham and Mack which would add to this list and diffuse even further our focus on disadvantaged children; programs and policies we know, based upon listening to teachers and parents and looking at research, could work to improve performance of schools. They want to add to the list merit pay and tenure reform and others, which I presume is their approach to professional development. But that is not going to directly improve the quality of teaching in the United States.  We know from research, from listening to witnesses at our hearings, that professional development today, in the States, is generally recognized by teachers as inadequate. They feel unprepared to deal with these issues. Is that a Federal problem? No. That is because of State policies, local policies. But we can help. In fact, if you look at most professional development across the United States, it is ad hoc, one-shot lectures or seminars or sessions. In fact, in 1998, participation in professional development programs in the United States typically lasted from only 1 to 8 hours during the course of a school year. That is absolutely insufficient.  We know from research and analysis that good professional development has to be in the school, embedded in the program. It has to be content based. It has to give teachers facility and mastery of the topic and the ability to relate with their children. That is not done with 1 to 8 hours. It is done constantly, persistently throughout the school year. That is what is done by an amendment that Senator Kennedy and myself will be offering later. It provides support for that type of professional development which we know works, which will deepen teachers' knowledge of content, which will allow teachers to work collaboratively.  That is another failing in our system of professional development. Teachers come in in the morning; they rush from class to class. They might see the other teachers in the lunchroom for 20 minutes. They rush from class to class, go back in, and then they have to go home and take care of their families just as the rest of us. We need more collaboration. That is not in this bill, not even a hint of it.  We have to also provide the kind of opportunities for mentoring and review and coaching which we know work--not just rhetorically but actually give resources to the States if they want to do it, and to local communities if they want to do it. That is the approach I think will work. That is the approach that was a large part of the legislation I submitted, the Professional Development Reform Act.  I hope we can go ahead and not only support Senator Murray's well-thought-out, well-crafted proposal to reduce class size, but also to reject the Mack-Abraham approach and support, later in our debate, after deliberation, Senator Kennedy's approach and my approach, which is for professional development that has been proven by practitioners to work to the benefit of children. I hope we can do that.  I think we have seen, perhaps inadvertently, what could go wrong. Talk about unintended consequences. I add, these are probably predictable consequences. There will be Governors who did what Governor Wilson did because of political pressures and other pressures: Embark on a program--maybe it is class size or maybe something else--that results in poor policy, poor results, and poor education for children.  Why do we assume, as the Republicans do, that it is all right to put those forces in train, in motion, by giving them money without accountability? I suspect what we have to do, and what we should do, is concentrate on those areas where we know we make a difference--particularly supporting disadvantaged children--and also supporting those efforts that have a basis in research and a basis in common sense: Lowering class size, improving the quality of professional development in teaching in America so you do not have the situation that they had in California. Smaller class size, perhaps, but poor teaching.  If we support the Democratic approach, we would help have both, smaller class size and better teachers, which I believe will result in better education.  I commend Senator Murray for her efforts. I hope in the course of this debate we can support the approach for professional development that Senator Kennedy and I are promoting and in such a way make a real contribution to educational policy in the United States.  I yield back to Senator Murray such time as I have not consumed.  