President, first, I will speak with respect to Senator Bingaman's amendment. Let me commend the Senator for his efforts not only today but throughout his career in the Senate to ensure that accountability is a central part of Federal educational legislation.  Senator Bingaman, in 1994, was one of the leaders in this body with respect to the issue of accountability. At that time, I was serving in the other body. Together we worked at the conference on accountability provisions in the 1994 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. As a result of the efforts of Senator Bingaman and others, we were able, for the first time, to begin to focus significant attention on the issue of accountability. In fact, the 1994 reauthorization, together with Goals 2000 legislation, accelerated and encouraged a movement throughout the States to develop standards. Practically every State in the country today has standards.  We now have the opportunity to begin measuring how well schools are doing. That is at the heart, I believe, of Senator Bingaman's approach today. We need not only to measure how well they are doing but then hold States and localities accountable for those results.  What has happened in the last several years is that the States have not had the resources to fully exploit the opportunities to measure schools against standards and then improve those schools. Half of the schools in the country that are problematic, according to State standards, have not been able to have access to teams of improvement; they have not had access to the support they need to make themselves better. In addition, they have not had access to the professional development which they need to enhance the capabilities of their teachers. All of these efforts together suggest the American people's money would be best spent by devoting time and attention to accountability.  Again, I think the approach that the Senator from New Mexico is taking is exactly on target. As we spend $8 billion a year on title I, we should insist that the States live up to their responsibility to use these funds wisely as measured by the performance of their students. The best way we can do that is to give them the resources and, again, the impetus to take stock of their schools and then to apply corrective measures, remedial measures.  They have not been able to do that. I don't believe it is because they don't want to do it; I believe it is because they have not been able to find the resources to carry out this mission. Senator Bingaman's amendment would give them access to these resources. It will give them access not in a restrictive way but in a very open-ended way so they can pick and choose the best device to use in their particular school to ensure that school performance improves. That, again, is why I believe we are all here.  We have a special obligation at the national level to assist, particularly, low-income schools. Regrettably and unfortunately, many of the low-performing schools are low-income schools. Therefore, this effort to help support States to identify low-performing schools and to bring them up to the standards of the State is entirely consistent with the purpose of Federal legislation, which is to assist low-income students to have access to the opportunities that more affluent students and their families take for granted.  I believe what the Senator is proposing is entirely consistent with what we should be about, but also it will go to the heart of leveraging all of our programs and all the State programs to ensure we accomplish the ultimate goal that lies before the Senate of ensuring that every child in this country has access to excellent public education.  Coincidentally, both Senator Bingaman and I and others today are beginning the markup in committee of the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. We will be pursuing these issues within the context of that legislation. Today, when we have a bill in this Chamber that purports to be a way to assist education, elementary and secondary education, in the United States, we have to seize this opportunity to point out that the heart of our efforts has to be the reinforcement of what we have already begun years ago, which is to develop within the States the capacity to evaluate their schools based upon their standards and then to intervene successfully to fix these schools.  Before we go on to more attenuated means to help education in the United States--such as tax credits and other proposals--we have a primary responsibility and, today, an opportunity to do what we started to do in 1994 to give the States the resources, further incentives to evaluate their schools, identify the schools that are failing, to step in with their choice of intervention strategies, and to fix the schools in America.  There are over 8,000 schools in this country that are not meeting State standards. Those figures come from our Department of Education. What is preventing the States and the localities from stepping in right now? There might be a host of issues, but one thing we can do to accelerate that intervention is to support the Bingaman amendment, to give them resources and give them the clarion call to step in and fix the schools so we can declare--as I hope we can at the end of this debate and certainly I hope at the end of the debate on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act--that we are not only committed but we are on a path to ensure that every school in this country is providing every American child with the opportunity to succeed. Every public school in this country is doing that.  I commend the Senator and I thank him for yielding time to me. I yield the floor.  