President. I thank the Senator from Washington for yielding the time.  I rise in support of Senator Daschle's resolution to commend the participants in the Million Mom March, and to also call on Congress to pass meaningful gun safety legislation. Senator Daschle, as we all know, has been a long-time advocate and leader on the issue of gun control. I thank him for taking this issue on. I would prefer, frankly, to be speaking about real legislation.  I find it ironic that Members of the Senate would be bemoaning the fact that we don't have real legislation before us when, in fact, legislation is bottled up in a conference committee because of a gun lobby in the NRA. We all would prefer to be speaking about real legislation that would do something.  This is a resolution that follows another resolution I sponsored just a few weeks ago on the budget that would have called for the conferees to meet and to discharge and send to us a conference report including all the provisions, including the Lautenberg-Kerrey gun show provision that we passed almost a year ago. That resolution passed 53-47 on a bipartisan basis.  It is quite clear that these measures should return to us in the form of the juvenile justice conference report that will be passed by this Senate.  What that caused is the gun lobby and the NRA to do all they can to ensure that conference report stays locked up in the conference.  We are here today because we want to move forward on an agenda of sensible gun control. We want to respond to the thousands and thousands of mothers who came to Washington last weekend and who asked us to act responsibly to protect the children of this country. A vast majority of Americans support us. They support these measures, and they, in fact, are insistent that we take action.  If there is any reason today why we are talking about another resolution on a military construction appropriations, it is because the gun lobby has dug themselves in to prevent consideration of real legislation. We have to overcome that opposition. We have to overcome it by word and by deed. Last Sunday, the mothers of America marched. Now it is our responsibility to act today at least by passing this resolution.  We also know the real sticking point in this legislative battle is the Lautenberg-Kerrey amendment with respect to gun shows. What we want to do and what I think the American people want to do is apply the same rules of the Brady background checks to all sales at gun shows. The Brady bill gives law enforcement authority up to 72 hours--brief as it is--to conduct a background check on a prospective purchaser of a firearm.  What happened was in the development of the original Brady law there was a loophole created which wouldallow unlicensed dealers at gun shows to avoid these background checks. Interestingly enough, three of the weapons used by the Columbine killers were acquired at a gun show because even these young men knew that they could go to a gun show and avoid a background check, and that they could, in cohort with another, purchase arms without a background check. We want to close it. I hope we can.  This is also the case throughout the country where this is not just a Democratic-Republican issue.  The Governor of Colorado, Gov. Bill Owens, a Republican, recently signed a petition to place a gun show initiative with a 3-day background check on the ballot in his home State of Colorado.  It is sensible, and it is long overdue. The opponents of this measure are suggesting that this is a mandatory waiting period--it is a 3-day waiting period--that a waiting period would destroy the gun shows. That is not the case. In fact, if you look at what is happening, it is because of technology. Because of the national instant check system, the FBI can clear 72 percent of gun buyers within 30 seconds. Another 23 percent are cleared within 2 hours. Ninety-five percent of those individuals who wish to purchase a firearm in this country have their background checks completed in 2 hours.  What about the other 5 percent?  The other 5 percent found out they are 20 times more likely to have prohibitive information in their files which will restrict their access to a firearm. Here is what is happening: The gun lobby and the NRA protect 5 percent of gun purchasers who are much more likely to be prohibited from owning firearms, are willing to sabotage the closing of this loophole, are willing to jeopardize, if you will, the safety of Americans. I don't think that is right.  What we can and should apply the Brady law across the board to all sales of gun shows. I don't think it will interfere materially in any way with the rights of a law-abiding citizen to acquire a firearm. In fact, I think it will contribute to the public safety and to the sense that the mothers in America tried so vividly to create last weekend: That this country, with all of its violence, has to do something different and has to do something better.  I hope we can move forward with real legislation, not another resolution. I hope we can recognize what hundreds of thousands of Americans were saying to their Government last Sunday: Pass sensible gun safety legislation.  I commend the mothers and all the supporters who were on The Mall. I commend Senator Daschle for his efforts. I hope we will, before Memorial Day, be voting on the juvenile justice bill containing these measures which will protect all Americans, and particularly the children in America.  I yield the floor.  