President, I'm here to speak about the Kennedy Workforce Investment amendment restoring cuts to the Department of Labor's training funds.  This amendment is just plain common sense. The single best thing we can do for our society, and for every working family, is to make sure that every American who wants a decent paying job has the skills necessary to obtain a decent paying job. By helping youths and adults get the job training they need, we help turn them into tax-paying citizens who can purchase goods and services, buy homes and afford health care, and contribute to our growing economy.  This amendment, in a multitude of ways, tries to address the most basic challenge facing our country: How do we help American workers develop the skills they need to excel in an increasingly complex and constantly evolving economy?  First, our amendment helps by fully funding the Dislocated Worker Assistance Program. It restores $181 million in funding to a program that has made a substantial difference in the lives of Rhode Island workers. We, like many formerly industrial states, have suffered great worker dislocation as industries have left, often to go somewhere overseas where labor was cheaper. Restoring this funding to the President's request would allow 100,000 more workers, dislocated through no fault of their own, access to training, job search and re-employment services.  Our amendment also grants the Administration's request for $44 million to improve access to One-Stop services for million of Americans and make the job search process less overwhelming and more efficient. The Director of the Rhode Island Department of Labor and Training informed me that the current cuts to this program will ``seriously impact'' the ability of our state to provide the services and information now required by the Workforce Investment Act for use by job seekers and employers.  In addition to fully funding adult worker skills programs, our amendment would add $254 million to restore cuts in the Summer Jobs Program resulting from implementation of the Workforce Investment Act. Many states, like my own, were unprepared for this dramatic change in the federal funding stream. Thousands of kids in Rhode Island, especially 14- and 15- year-olds, are now going without summer jobs. Many of these kids are from small towns, others are from inner city Providence--both are limited by their age and the lack of job opportunities in their respective communities.  Giving young people job experience benefits the entire country. The development of good work habits and a respect for the virtues of labor alone are strong payoffs. Everyone in this Congress should be supporting a restoration of these cuts.  Finally, our amendment would restore $29 million to the Job Corps program, one of the most effective programs in the country for kids between the ages of 16 and 24. A recent Mathematica Policy Research Inc. study shows that 16- to 17-year-old youths who go through the Job Corps program are 80 percent more likely to earn a high school diploma or GED than a control group excluded from the program. This group also earned salaries that were 20 percent higher and had arrest rates that were 14 percent lower. This program works, and we should be fully funding it.  Strengthening our workforce strengthens our families, and ultimately makes our entire country stronger. Adopting this skills training amendment is good for both American business and American workers, and every member of this Chamber should be in support of it.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). Who yields time?  The Senator from Massachusetts has 1 minute remaining. The Senator from Washington has 26 minutes remaining.  The Senator from Washington.  The Chair notes there is time still pending on the amendment.  