President, first, let me commend the Senator from Wisconsin for his efforts. He has spoken out forcefully and clearly and correctly for so many months about our obligation to see that the people of East Timor have a chance to chart their own course, to reach their own destiny, to rule themselves. I thank him for his efforts.  Today this amendment is being withdrawn, but this withdrawal should not be a signal that we are turning away from East Timor. Indeed, it is once again an opportunity to speak out and demand that we do, in fact, attend to the needs of this emerging country.  As the Senator from Wisconsin pointed out, I traveled to East Timor twice last year. The first time was a week before the referendum. I traveled with Senator Harkin and our colleague from the other body, Congressman Jim McGovern of Massachusetts. We were there a few days before the election. What struck us was the incredible courage of the people of East Timor. It was an ominous and foreboding atmosphere. Armed militias were roaming the countryside threatening people and making it clear that their goal was to intimidate all of the East Timorese either not to vote or to vote for continued association with Jakarta, with Indonesia. Despite this, we saw countless East Timorese who were willing to risk their lives, declaring to us that they would vote, they would risk their lives.  I had occasion in Suai to be speaking at a church where there were thousands of displaced persons gathered around this church in the protection of three priests. I told them that the vote is more powerful than the army. Not only did they believe that, but they risked their lives to prove it. Sadly, with the conclusion of the referendum, the militias went wild, conducting a rampage throughout East Timor. In fact, the three priests in Suai who were leading their congregations were slaughtered by the militias because they chose to talk about democracy and independence and self-determination.  I returned back to East Timor in the first week of December. Since the election had taken place, the United Nations had authorized the intervention of international forces, and we owe a great deal to the armed forces and the Government and the people of Australia because they launched thousands of Australian soldiers to enter that country, to stabilize that country, and literally to give a chance to the people of East Timor to build a democratic society.  The United States also contributed roughly 200 troops. The troops were led by our U.S. Marine Corps. The bulk of the troops were U.S. Army forces. These troops, once again, displayed magnificently the ability of Americanforces to respond to a crisis and to bring to bear not only our technology, but our values, as they supported that struggling democracy, struggling to emerge in East Timor. Now, the Indonesian Government has formally renounced the claims of East Timor. It is being administered in the interim by the United Nations.  We had the chance in our last visit at the end of November, beginning of December, to meet with the leadership of the United Nations. They are led by a very accomplished diplomat, Sergio DeMello. But I have to say that their efforts to date are quite feeble when it comes to the difficult challenges they face. So I think the whole international community has to step up and assist this effort of reconstruction because one thing was painfully obvious to us as we traveled through East Timor--the country was deliberately, cynically destroyed. Every building that was worth habitation was burned. Ironically and interestingly--because I think the Indonesian military was calling all the shots--they didn't touch the churches because they knew that would probably make CNN. But a few feet away from every church, rows and rows of buildings were destroyed. We met the people of East Timor, people who are struggling for the basic subsistence now after all the mayhem and destruction. Once again, I commend the military forces--particularly ours--that are there today helping out.  We have a great deal to do to ensure that our words about independence, our words about the value of democracy, and our words about self-determination are transferred into palpable progress for the people of East Timor. We have an opportunity, I say an obligation, to give them resources to get the job done. I believe we should start with an appropriation of $25 million for humanitarian assistance so they can reconstruct their schools and infrastructure. Literally, the militias and Indonesian Army destroyed all records--postal records, all identification records, all land records. This country has been totally devastated, deliberately and cynically destroyed. We have an obligation to help them rebuild. They are a people who want to rebuild, who want to make progress and go forward.  I also had the chance while I was in East Timor to travel to West Timor, which is still part of Indonesia. I went to these camps where there are thousands of East Timorese, many of whom were taken against their will from their homes and brought into these camps. These camps are not a place where a person can stay indefinitely. It is a transitory shelter. Many people are there because they are intimidated by the militias still lurking in the camps. Others are fearful and afraid of going home because they might run into retribution by those who stayed behind, the proliberation democracy forces. But in any case, they are creating a huge problem of assimilation and a huge drain on the resources of the villages of West Timor.  I had a chance to meet with the Catholic Relief Service, which is doing great work there, and representatives of the Catholic Church. We have a real obligation, also, to see that these displaced people in West Timor are allowed to go home safely and to reintegrate into their society, into the new country of East Timor. The work is substantial.  Today's effort by the Senator from Wisconsin, after many days to get this measure to the floor, should, as I say, not be a signal that the problem is solved and that we can withdraw--since no longer is East Timor capturing the front page headlines--it should be rather an opportunity for us to recommit ourselves to do the work of helping these people build a just, decent, and viable society and country.  Let me say a final word because we are all here today talking about an issue that has been on the minds of the world for the last year because of the publicity. But long before East Timor was a well-known word in the United States and around the capitals of the world, there was one Member of this Senate, Claiborne Pell, who strove mightily to point out the injustice and the need for freedom. In 1992, Senator Pell traveled to Indonesia, saw President Suharto, and asked him to hold a plebiscite on self-determination. That was a full 7 years, or more, before this referendum was held. He also wanted to visit East Timor but was denied permission to meet with Xanana Gusmao, then in a Jakarta prison. He held hearings and he kept this issue on the forefront of the consciences of many in the world. In a very particular way, the freedom of East Timor today is a tribute to his quiet, persistent efforts through many years. The fact that today Xanana Gusmao is back home in East Timor, is a leader in that community, a community that will decide its own fate, a free country, emerging in the world, is a tribute again to Senator Pell.  Let me conclude by thanking, once again, Senator Feingold for his great effort, his clear voice, his dedication and commitment to principle. Let us all resolve today that we have just begun to help these people to rebuild their country, their society, and to create a society that will have our values, but will also definitely have their own perspective as East Timorese.  I yield back my time.  