President, for the last several days, we have been debating a victims' rights amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and that is an interesting and thoughtful debate. But I think we can do something else, which is try to prevent victims in the first place. We can do that by passing the juvenile justice bill, which contains sensible controls on handguns in this society.  A few days ago we saw another incident involving a handgun at the National Zoo, a place we have recognized for decades as a source of solace and education and recreation in the Nation's Capital. But, in a moment, it was turned into a place of violence and terror because a young man, apparently with a handgun, shot several young people.  The tragedy in this country is that each year 30,000 Americans die by gunfire. Every day, 12 children are killed by gunfire. We can stop that and we must stop that.  The most recent incident is another indication that we have to act not someday but immediately. These seven children have been harmed and their families have been forever changed. This is a tragedy that they will live with, but it is a tragedy that we don't have to live with as a nation indefinitely.  We took several appropriate and responsible steps after the Columbine shooting last year in which we passed legislation that would close the gun show loophole, require safety locks on handguns to prevent their use by children, and other measures. Yet these measures languish today in a conference committee that has met only once since last year, which is not seriously attempting to address the critical issues of violence in this country.  Each day we wait, another incident takes place. Again, last year on the floor of the Senate as we debated the juvenile justice bill, if any of us had stood up and said a 6-year-old child would walk into first grade in America and shoot another 6 year old, some would have said it was hysterical demagoging.  That happened. If anybody said that on a Sunday or a weekday afternoon at the National Zoo random gunfire would break out and seven children would be shot down, we would be accused of hysterical demagoguery. It happened.  We can prevent this, and we should, by acting promptly to pass the juvenile justice bill with those provisions included. Many in the Congress call for stricter enforcement of handgun laws. I agree with that. We should enforce the laws. But the reality is that we have to prevent these incidents rather than, after the fact, arresting people.  It is against the law in the District of Columbia to possess a handgun, as it was possessed, apparently, by this young man. But the District of Columbia is not an island. It is a metropolitan area between other States that have much less strict gun control laws. Virginia, for example, is a State which is a shell-issue State. That means that practically any person who is not a felon can carry a concealed weapon with a license and without showing a special need to do so.  Private sales of handguns, including gun show sales, are common throughout Virginia, and there you can in fact buy a weapon without a background check if you are buying from an unlicensed gun dealer. There is no waiting period in Virginia to buy a handgun. Now there is a law that prevents the purchase of more than one handgun a month, and that is good because it prevents trafficking in firearms. But itonly takes one gun to do the kind of damage we saw a few days ago at the National Zoo.  We all agree that enforcement is important. We look forward to and applaud the local authorities who apprehended the young suspect. He will be tried and the law will be imposed and enforced. But, once again, prevention perhaps could have prevented this violence or other violence throughout the United States.  On this 1-year anniversary of Columbine, we should be doing something more than simply sitting and waiting for that conference report. We should be demanding, as we have in the past on this floor, that conferees meet, vote, and send us back this measure, including all those strict gun control provisions. This Senate went on record by a vote of 53-47 to take that very position. I hope that vote will energize and activate the conferees and that they will move immediately to send this provision to the President for signature.  Within that bill, there are resources for the types of prevention and enforcement that we need with respect to juveniles. Twenty-five percent of the $250 million distributed annually on the juvenile accountability block grant program would be dedicated to prevention to the gun lobby. In addition, the conference report would include, I hope, child safety locks, an amendment to firmly close the gun show loophole, a ban on the importation of high-capacity ammunition clips, and a ban on the sale of semiautomatic weapons. It is time now to prevent, if we can, the violence that we have witnessed and, sadly, the violence that happens every day.  I yield the floor.  