President, I rise to express my support for H.R. 2559, the ``Federal Crop Insurance Act''. Today the Senate will approve a $6 billion crop insurance reform bill designed to increase premium subsidies for farmers who buy more comprehensive coverage and expand the availability of crop insurance for specialty crops. The reforms in this legislation will enable farmers in Rhode Island and across the country to obtain more crop insurance coverage and reduce income losses due to natural disasters.  I and my colleagues from the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic opposed last year's farm disaster bill because it did not provide adequate relief to farmers in our region who were hit by the terrible drought conditions of 1999. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) found that four states in the Northeast, including Rhode Island, New Jersey, Maryland, and Delaware, experienced the driest growing season in their histories. From April through July, Rhode Island was the driest it has been in 105 years of record-keeping by NOAA's National Climatic Data Center.  Unfortunately, forecasters at the National Weather Service are predicting continued drought conditions this year, because we are starting out with a deficit of rainfall and, even with the snowstorms of January, winter precipitation was 3.5 inches below normal for our region.  The prospect of another long dry summer makes this crop insurance reform bill all the more important. I know that people may not alwaysthink of the Northeast when they think of farming. But in my small state alone there are about 700 farms. Farmers in Rhode Island grow vegetables, turf, nursery stock, cranberries, strawberries, and potatoes. My state is also home to many orchards and dairy farms. Many of our crops are not insurable under the current federal crop insurance program, and that's why I strongly support the significant investment in research and development of new specialty crop policies provided by this bill.  I also support provisions in the bill to remove the ``area trigger'' for the Non-insured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP). I believe broader NAP eligibility is one of the most effective ways to assist farmers in the eastern United States who face severe production losses due to drought, floods, or other disasters.  Currently, NAP crops are eligible for assistance when: (1) expected ``Area Yield'' for the crop is reduced by more than 35 percent because of natural disaster; and 2) individual crop losses are in excess of 50% of the individual's approved yield, or the producer is prevented from planting more than 35 percent of the acreage intended for the eligible crop.  These criteria have proven to be unworkable in many eastern states, both in terms of program accessibility and timeliness of payments. For individual growers of specialty crops, typically grown on small acreage, a loss of as little as 20% can be devastating, especially given the high per-acre value of these crops. Moreover, the process of verifying area yield reductions is cumbersome and exceedingly time-consuming, resulting in waiting periods of several months or, in some cases, more than a year for payment.  Giving the Secretary of Agriculture broader discretion over delivery of NAP program funds will streamline the approval process and make direct assistance available to thousands of farmers whose substantial losses do not meet NAP criteria under the current area trigger. I am pleased that removal of this trigger is among the many valuable reforms in the bill before us today.  Finally, I was proud to join several of my Senate colleagues from the Northeast to offer an amendment to provide $60 million for expanded education and outreach for farmers in states with low levels of crop insurance participation, as well as research and development of new crop insurance policies for currently uninsured crops in these states. Our amendment would also set aside $66 million for farmers in underserved states to participate in the bill's proposed risk management pilot project which allows farmers to choose between traditional crop insurance and a direct payment for adopting new risk management practices such as farm diversification, futures contracts and options, creation of conservation buffers, soil erosion control, and irrigation management. While offering increased income to farmers for whom crop insurance has not worked well, the pilot will test whether incentive payments can encourage producers to adopt new risk management strategies that are good for the environment. I thank the distinguished Chairman of the Committee on Agriculture for making this amendment part of the overall package we will vote on today, and I urge the Senate conferees to ensure that this important provision remains in the bill after conference with the House. Otherwise, I will likely oppose the conference report when it comes before the Senate. Together with the substantial new funding for research and development of specialty crop insurance policies, this amendment will ensure that we have a farm policy that is truly national in scope.  With the passage of this legislation we will give farmers the tools they need to manage their risk more effectively, and possibly reduce the need for Congress to pass massive farm disaster packages year after year. At the same time, we recognize the contribution and needs of farmers in every region of the country, who not only feed the world but preserve a way of life that makes our nation stronger and protects our precious open spaces from the encroachment of development and urban sprawl.  I urge my colleagues to support the Federal Crop Insurance Act.  