President, I rise to add my voice to the chorus of support for this legislation, which will have a strong positive impact on the youth of this nation.  The first element of this initiative that I would like to highlight are the provisions regarding children's public health. This effort will greatly enhance health promotion and disease prevention directed towards youth, improve access to certain health care services for needy children and bolster resources for pediatric-specific medical research. Children are our most precious resource, and we should do all we can to enable our children to reach their full potential both physically and intellectually. The Children's Public Health Act takes an important step toward achieving this goal by creating an environment where children are able to grow and develop unhindered by the burden of disease.  Medical science has made incredible strides in reducing and preventing devastating childhood diseases that were prevalent only a generation ago. Yet, despite these advances in our ability to stem the spread of deadly infectious diseases, there has been an increase in the incidence of chronic and debilitating disorders that afflict children. Specifically, over the past decade, we have seen a rise in the number of children suffering from asthma, autism, and other diseases attributed to poor diet and lack of physical activity, such as diabetes, high cholesterol and hypertension in young children. This legislation sets forth a balanced, creative approach to these troubling pediatric conditions by augmenting pediatric clinical research, while also expanding and intensifying screening, education, outreach, monitoring and training efforts led by State and local public health agencies and other health care providers.  There are two specific initiatives that I am especially proud of in this legislation. The first seeks to address an entirely preventable problem that continues to plague far too many children in this nation--lead poisoning. While tremendous strides have been made over the last 20 years in reducing lead exposure among our citizens, it is estimated that nearly one million preschoolers nationwide still have excessive levels of lead in their blood--making lead poisoning the leading childhood environmental disease.  Lead is most harmful to children under age six because lead is easily absorbed into their growing bodies, and interferes with the developing brain and nervous system. The effect of lead poisoning on a child ranges from mild to severe. Most often in the U.S., children are poisoned through chronic, low-level exposure to lead-based paint, which can cause reduced IQ and attention span, hyperactivity, impairedgrowth, reading and learning disabilities. Children with high blood lead levels can suffer from brain damage, behavior and learning problems, slowed growth, and hearing loss, among other maladies.  Timely childhood lead screening and appropriate follow-up care for children most at-risk of lead exposure is critical to mitigating the long-term health and developmental effects of lead. Regrettably, our current system is not adequately protecting children, particularly low-income children, from this hazard. It is estimated that two-thirds of at-risk children have never been screened and, consequently, remain untreated.  This legislation takes some of the critical steps necessary to begin to address this problem. Specifically, the bill strengthens the lead program at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention by providing new resources to conduct extensive outreach and education in coordination with other state programs that serve families with children at-risk of lead poisoning, such as WIC and Head Start. The bill also authorizes the implementation of community-based interventions to mitigate lead hazards and establishes guidelines for the reporting and tracking of blood lead screening tests so that we may have more accurate data on the number of lead-exposed children nationwide. The legislation also designates resources for health care provider education and training on current lead screening practices.  The second element of this bill that I believe will have a major impact on improving the overall health of children relates to the problem of childhood obesity. Over the past fifteen years, the number of overweight children in this country has doubled. It is estimated that an alarming five million youth 6-19 years of age are overweight, while another six million children are overweight to the point that their health is endangered.  Contributing to this alarming trend has been the rise in fast food consumption, coupled with an increasingly sedentary lifestyle where time engaged in physical activity has been replaced by hours playing computer games and watching television. The New York Times recently noted that the average child between the ages of 6 and 11 watches 25 hours of television a week--and this does not include time spent playing video games or on a computer.  Another reason for the lack of physical activity in children is the reduction in daily participation in physical education classes. Fewer and fewer States require school districts to offer physical education, despite the fact that children who engage in regular physical activity often perform better in school. We are raising a generation of inactive children that will likely become inactive, chronically ill adults. By not ensuring kids take time to participate in regular physical activity, we, as a society, are doing them a great disservice in the long run.  Already, we are seeing younger and younger Americans with the signs of heart disease and diabetes, among other obesity-linked illnesses. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that 60 percent of overweight 5-10 year old children already have at least one risk factor for heart disease, such as hypertension, while the number of children diagnosed with Type II diabetes has skyrocketed. If we continue on this trajectory, obesity-related illnesses will soon rival smoking as a leading cause of preventable death, costing hundreds of thousands of American lives and billions of dollars in health care costs and lost productivity. Clearly, action needs to be taken.  This legislation acknowledges this trend and attempts to reverse it through a multi-faceted approach. First, the bill authorizes a new competitive grant program through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to assist states and localities to develop and implement comprehensive school- and community-based approaches to promoting good nutrition and physical activity among children. The bill also calls for greater applied research to improve our understanding of the multiple factors that contribute to obesity and eating disorders and emphasizes the need for a nationwide public education campaign to educate families about the importance of good eating habits and regular physical activity. Lastly, the bill provides for health professional education and training to aid in the identification and treatment of overweight children, children suffering from an eating disorder or children at risk of these conditions.  The other major component of this bill is based on S. 976, the Youth Drug and Mental Health Services Act, which originated in the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, and passed the full Senate last year. This legislation reauthorizes programs administered by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), and also provides many enhancements that will specifically benefit children and adolescents suffering from substance abuse or mental health problems, children who have witnessed violence, and children from families needing substance abuse or mental health treatment and other support services.  I am pleased that this legislation includes a provision that I worked on to address the severe shortage of transitional services for youth who are leaving the juvenile justice system. Specifically, the bill addresses this shortage by authorizing grants to local juvenile justice agencies to provide comprehensive community-based services such as mental health and substance abuse treatment, job training, vocational services, and mentoring programs to juvenile offenders.  Studies have found that the juvenile population has a special need for these types of services, mental health and substance abuse treatment, in particular. It is estimated that the rate of mental disorder is two to three times higher among the juvenile offender population than among youth in the general population. According to a 1994 Department of Justice study, 73 percent of the juveniles surveyed reported mental health problems, and 57 percent reported past treatment. Also, it is estimated that 60 percent of youth in the juvenile justice system have substance abuse disorders, compared to 22 percent in the general population.  Unfortunately, there currently exists little, if any, support for youth who are leaving the juvenile justice system. Many services, such as mental health and substance abuse treatment, provided while the youngster was detained or incarcerated, are discontinued upon their release. Given this breakdown in the continuity of services, it is hardly surprising that of the 4 million youngsters arrested each year, 30 percent are likely to recidivate within the year of arrest.  In the handful of places where transitional services have been provided, the results have been outstanding. For instance, in Rhode Island we have a successful program called ``Project Reach.'' Yale University, in its evaluation of Project Reach, found that children receiving transitional services improved dramatically: 80 percent had significant increases in their grades in school; school attendance increased from 50 to 75 percent; and there was a 60 percent reduction in youth encounters with police after enrolling in the program. In addition, there was a 50 percent decrease in out-of-home placement for these children. In other words, children who once had problems so severe that they had to be removed from their homes are now able to remain with their families in their communities.  Adequate transitional and aftercare services to prevent recidivism are essential to reducing the societal costs associated with juvenile delinquency, promoting teen health, and fostering safe communities. These provisions recognize the serious gap in services for youth offenders and takes important steps to address this serious deficiency. I am grateful for the inclusion of this critical language in the bill.  As I have noted, there are many positive aspects to this legislation. However, I have deep reservations about a particular provision that was retained in the SAMHSA bill that allows all religious institutions, including pervasively religious organizations, such as churches and other houses of worship, to use taxpayer dollars to advance their religious mission. I oppose this ``charitable choice'' language and offered an amendment to modify it when the original legislation was considered in Committee last year.  Although charitable choice has already become law as a part of welfare reform and the Community Services Block Grant, CSBG, section of the Human Services Reauthorization Act,the inclusion of charitable choice in this legislation is particularly disturbing since, unlike its application to the intermittent services provided under Welfare Reform and CSBG, SAMHSA funds are used to provide substance abuse treatment which is ongoing, involves direct counseling of beneficiaries and is often clinical in nature. In the context of these programs it would be difficult if not impossible to segregate religious indoctrination from the social service.  Faith-based organizations do have an important and necessary role to play in combating many of our nation's social ills, including youth violence, homelessness, and substance abuse. In fact, I have seen first-hand the impact that faith-based organizations such as Catholic Charities have on delivering certain services to people in need in my own state. By enabling faith-based organizations to join in the battle against substance abuse, we add another powerful tool in our ongoing efforts to help people move from dependence to independence.  While there are many benefits that come with allowing religious organizations to provide social services with federal funds, I am concerned that without proper safeguards, well-intentioned proposals to help religious organizations aid needy populations, might actually harm the First Amendment's principle of separation of church and state. The charitable choice provision creates a disturbing new avenue for employment discrimination and proselytization in programs funded by SAMHSA. Under current law, many religiously-affiliated nonprofit organizations already provide government-funded social services without employment discrimination and proselytization. However, the legislation extends Title VII's religious exemption to cover the hiring practices of organizations participating in SAMHSA programs.  As I already mentioned, during markup, I offered an amendment that would have addressed this issue by including important safeguards and protections for beneficiaries and employees of SAMHSA funded programs. Specifically, the amendment would have removed the provision that allows religious organizations to require employees hired for SAMHSA funded programs to subscribe to the organization's religious tenets and teachings. Since the bill prohibits religious organizations from proselytizing in conjunction with the dissemination of social services under SAMHSA programs, it seems contradictory to permit religious organizations to require their employees to subscribe to the organization's tenets and teachings when it has no bearing on the provision of services. Second, the amendment would have eliminated the extension of Title VII's religious exemption to cover the hiring practices of organizations participating in SAMHSA funded programs.  Ultimately, my proposal would not have reduced the ability of religious groups to hire co-religionists or more actively participate in SAMHSA funded programs. It merely would have eliminated the explicit ability to discriminate in taxpayer-funded employment and left to the courts the decision of whether employees who work on, or are paid through, government grants or contracts are exempt from the prohibition on religious employment discrimination.  For the last 30 years, federal civil rights laws have expanded employment opportunities and sought to counter discrimination in the workplace. I recognize that we need the assistance of religious organizations in the battle against substance abuse. However, partnerships with faith-based organizations should augment--not replace--government programs. These partnerships should respect First Amendment protections and not allow taxpayer dollars to be used to proselytize or to support discrimination. I believe we need a far more robust and informed debate before we allow any expansion of current exemptions to Title VII.  Nevertheless, this combined legislation has many meaningful provisions that will go a long way towards improving the health and well-being of our children. This legislation not only strengthens pediatric medical research, it also includes important enhancements in maternal and prenatal health as well as several other health promotion and disease prevention initiatives that will greatly enhance the quality of life for children. Similarly, the bill contains elements that will greatly improve mental health and substance abuse services for children and adolescents.  I am pleased to have worked on this legislation and look forward to its expeditious passage this year.  