He has grasped the most critical aspect of educational reform in the United States today--improving the quality of teachers. He has simply brought forward the bipartisan, unanimous consent we reached in the Higher Education Act amendments of 1998 where, in the vote of 96-0, we passed the teacher quality enhancement grants program. We authorized a magnificent program on a unanimous vote, but we have failed to fully fund it. If we have the plan, but not the money, we are not going to succeed.  Senator Kennedy is simply saying, we have a good plan, let's put the resources behind it.  We understand we need to have high-quality teachers to meet the challenges of the 21st century classroom. These challenges are different from 50, 30, 20, even 10 years ago. It is no longer sufficient for a student to go to a teacher college and learn about pedagogy and then go into the classroom. They need to have clinical exposure. They must have real-life experiences in the classroom before they become new teachers.  They also have to understand their subject matter. Technique is one aspect, but it can't substitute for detailed knowledge of the subject--be it science, history, or mathematics. They also have to understand how to integrate technology, which is at the key of most of the breakthroughs in education in the United States today.  They have to be able to deal with a diverse population of students, some with limited English proficiency, some who are coming from cultures much different from the culture in which the teacher grew up.  All of this necessitates significant reform in our educational practice. That is why, in the Higher Education Act, I worked closely with my colleague, Senator Kennedy, and others to develop partnerships between teacher colleges and elementary and secondary schools--real partnerships where aspiring teachers can get the clinical experience, and the other things necessary to be prepared for today's classrooms. It is similar to the model of physician training. We would never send a physician into an operating room simply with a few lectures on theory. It is practice, practice, practice, before they are allowed to operate. It should be the same for teachers.  We can't do that unless we fully fund the teacher quality grants. They cover the spectrum. First, they provide the opportunity for these partnerships to develop. Second, they support statewide reforms. Third, they allow for recruitment of teachers, particularly to reduce shortages of qualified teachers in high-need school districts.  We will need 2 million new teachers over the next 10 years because of the changing population of teachers, retiring teachers who are leaving, and the increase of our student population entering first grade and kindergarten. Look at any urban school district in this country, and you will see they are suffering severe teacher shortages. Recruitment is necessary.  We also need to stimulate partnerships that are so essential between colleges of education and elementary and secondary schools.  Last year, $77 million was available for new grants. Mr. President, 366 applications were received--a huge response--from States and local school districts. This is a popular program. The Department of Education could only fund 77: 25 local partnerships, 24 State grants, and 28 teacher recruitment grants. Rhode Island, I am proud to say, got a State grant and is using it very well.  This year, however, only $21 million was available for new grants. There were 141 applicants, but the Department of Education estimates they will only be able to fund 11 grants--1 in 12. The need is there and the plan is there; the resources are lacking. That is why we are here today.  We want to fully fund this program up to the authorized total of $300 million, creating an additional 100 partnerships, State and recruitment grants. This will help meet the demand and do the one thing that is so critical to education reform in this country, which is not questioned by anyone, evidenced by a 96-0 vote in this Chamber approving the program: We have to enhance the quality of teachers in this country. We can't do it just with admonitions. We can't do it just with sentiments. We have to do it with dollars.  We have a program that works. We have a popular program. We just don't have the resources. Senator Kennedy's amendment, which I am proud to cosponsor, will give us the resources to do the job.  I thank the Senator. I yield back the remainder of my time.  