President, I want to take a moment to inform the Senate that today the U.S. Supreme Court, inthe case of Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC, upheld contribution limits in the campaign finance system of the United States.  This was a victory for our democracy. It was a victory for the voters because, essentially, what the Court said is that elections in the United States are about votes, not about money. They affirmed the core holding of Buckley v. Valeo that reasonable contribution limits in Federal campaigns--and today, by extension, in State elections--are constitutionally permissible. I was very pleased with this decision.  Several months ago, I organized an amicus curiae brief, which was submitted to the Supreme Court in this case, and advocated the position the Court adopted today--that contribution limits are, in fact, permissible under the Constitution of the United States.  Again, this is a victory for those who would like to see elections be contests of ideas rather than clashes of special interests, amplified by huge amounts of money. Today is a victory for voters who, by their decreasing numbers, show their disenchantment with the political system. They feel the system is not about ideas or candidates' positions, but really about the candidates' treasure chests. This feeling is a corrosive force that undermines democracy in this country. Well, today, the Supreme Court held the line and declared that we can impose reasonable limits on campaign contributions.  As Justice Souter said in his opinion, this is a situation in which the perception of corruption is as powerful as the reality of corruption. If voters perceive that the system is not benefiting them, but benefitting a special few who contribute, they will lose faith in the system. That loss of faith will ultimately disrupt our ability to conduct a democratic government here in the United States.  The decision today also indicates that we have both the opportunity and, I argue, the obligation to move forward on broader campaign finance reform. Today, the court said that, in fact, we can limit direct contributions of hard dollars to campaigns. By extension, they give us, I hope, the impetus to go ahead and extend these limits to soft money, because we all recognize that soft money is dominating the political scene today. As we speak, an avalanche of soft money is entering into our political system as part of the Presidential campaign and various federal and state campaigns for office. Soft money contributions were 75 percent higher in 1999 than in the same period in 1997. We can do something about this. The Supreme Court has confirmed our ability to legislate, and we should move very quickly and very forcefully to adopt, I believe, a total ban on soft money--but at the minimum to impose limits on soft money.  If we don't do that, again we will undermine the faith and the trust of the people of this country in our electoral system. They trust and have faith that we are a nation ruled by votes and not by the size of political contributions.  We have lots of work to do, and we should begin immediately. I sense, as many do, that one of the reasons we have been stalling on campaign finance reform in this body is because some people were able to offer up an easy excuse, that we should wait to see if contribution limits are going to be upheld by the Court as constitutional.  The Supreme Court has now decided. They have spoken in a very strong voice today, by a vote of 6 to 3, and declared that reasonable limits on contributions are constitutionally appropriate. As a result, I believe we should take their decision Nixon v. Shrink Missouri Government PAC case and build on it by limiting soft money and other forms of indirect contributions.  Let me quote from Justice Souter:       . . . there is little reason to doubt that sometimes large      contributions will work actual corruption of our political      system, and no reason to question the existence of a      corresponding suspicion among voters.  Today's decision is an anecdote to that suspicion, but the real cure will come when we adopt comprehensive campaign finance reform by outlawing soft money and placing other reasonable restrictions on the electoral process.  Today the Court discharged their responsibility. Now it is time to take up ours. The Supreme Court declared that we can act. We should act. I hope this decision will be a source of energy for us this Congress, so that we can work together on a bipartisan basis for adoption of reasonable and sensible campaign finance reform.  I thank the President. I yield the floor.  