It is vital to the children and to the families of this country.  As the Senator pointed out, it has been 11 months since the tragic incident at Columbine High School. Last April 20, we witnessed with horror and revulsion an attack on children who were just going to school. The entire country stood up as one and said: We have to do something. We have to stop this senseless gun violence. We have to create a country in which easy access to firearms and the resulting violence is something of the past.  However, it has not stopped. The violence continues every day with tragic consequences throughout this country--in Seattle, WA; in Atlanta, GA; in Los Angeles, CA; in Honolulu, HI; in Ft. Worth, TX; in Sidney, OH; in Wilkinsburg PA; in Mount Morris township in Michigan; and thousands of other places where, regrettably and tragically, gun violence is so common in this country that it doesn't make the front page because the incidents aren't that graphic or that violent.  The first anniversary of the tragedy at Columbine High School is just around the corner, April 20. Still, the conference committee on juvenile justice has not yet discharged their duty and sent back a bill that contains common, safe, gun safety measures that were passed by this Senate. In fact, as the Senator from Vermont pointed out, the committee has met only once, last August. For 8 months we have waited. We have waited; the American people have waited. We have waited for commonsense protections that have been frustrated and thwarted by the Republican leadership at the behest of the NRA. They have ignored the will of the American people and the overwhelming desire of the American people to protect the safety of their children and the safety of their communities.  I believe the American people have waited long enough. Today, along with my colleagues, Senator Boxer of California, Senator Leahy, and others, I will introduce a sense-of-the-Senate resolution calling for the juvenile justice conferees to complete and submit the conference report before April 20, the first anniversary of the Columbine shooting, and to include in this conference report the amendments passed by this Senate seeking to limit access to firearms by juveniles, by convicted felons, and by other persons.  Will the passage of this legislation stop gun crime in this country? No, it won't. But it will represent a step forward to impose reasonable controls on the easy access to firearms for those who should not have them: Children, criminals, those whose mental capacity is diminished enough so they resort to violence with these weapons.  Within the core of this juvenile justice legislation are simple, commonsense approaches to ensure we have a safer society: Closing the gun show loophole, requiring safety locks to be sold with handguns, banning the importation of large capacity ammunition clips, and outlawing juvenile possession of assault weapons.  We will bring common sense to our gun laws with these measures and, hopefully, reduce the avalanche of violence that is engulfing so many in this society.  In my home State of Rhode Island, in the city of Providence alone, 26 people were murdered in 1999. That is up from 15 in 1998. Firearms were used in the vast majority of the killings in both years: 19 out of the 26 people who were killed last year were killed with firearms, 11 of the 15 the year before. And Providence, my capital, is a small city of roughly around 200,000 people.  Last year, when we were talking about Columbine High School, if any Member came to this floor and said: I predict a 6-year-old child will walk into first grade and kill another 6-year-old child with a handgun, we would have been lambasted as extremists, hysterical, provocateurs, irresponsible, reckless. Guess what. It happened. Incidents such as that happen each and every day.  Just a few weeks ago in Providence, RI, two young boys were rough-housing with each other--a 17-year-old and a 13-year-old friend--doing what boys have been doing for a long, long time. They were razzing each year, wrestling with each other, seeing who was the most tough. They went on and on and on. One of them got frustrated. Now, when I was younger, that frustration might have led to a punch in the nose, a bloody nose, and some hard feelings, but that was all. Somebody in the crowd had a gun and this young boy recklessly and without thought grabbed that gun just to show how tough he was, pointed the gun at the 13-year-old, pulled the trigger, thinking nothing would happen, and shot that 13-year-old in the head. That shooter, that young man--not a criminal, just a kid rough-housing around in the neighborhood--was so overcome with remorse that he fled to an adjacent backyard and shot himself in the head.  That is gun violence in America today. That is the cost of easy access to firearms. These aren't criminals. These were kids doing something stupid. But because they had guns, it resulted in death and destruction.  We are not kids here. We are supposed to be adults. We are supposed to be responsible. We are supposed to represent the best values and ideals of this country. That means we must stand up and vote on measures such as this juvenile justice bill.  I ask on behalf of the 12 children killed each day by gun violence that we bring this conference bill back to this floor with those reasonable gun control measures included. Someone has to speak for them. Someone must speak for them. Someone must demand these measures come before the Senate.  We cannot continue to listen to the siren song of the NRA in this Chamber. We cannot be hypnotized by all the spin and the hype and all the misinformation and misdirection. We have to respond to the reality of kids easily getting handguns and unwittingly and, tragically, killing each other.  We have a country in which the homicide rate by handguns far surpasses that of any other country in the world. In Japan, in 1996, there were 15 people killed with handguns, in a country of 126 million people. That is 1 person in every 8.4 million. The ratio in the United States? One person out of every 27,000. What is the difference? Cultural? Genetic? Demographic? They have gun laws that make it difficult for anyone and everyone, willy-nilly, to own handguns.  It is the same story the world over. Canada, perhaps the country closest to us in culture, in demographics and ethnicity, is also a country that had a great frontier, a country that had the same kind of challenges we had opening up their great west. It is a country of outdoors men and women; it is a country, in many respects, with the same cultural values we have. Yet in that country, in 1996, 106 people were killed out of a population of 30 million. That is 1 person in every 284,000--many, many, many times fewer people killed by gun violence in a country so similar to ours. The difference? Once again, they have sensible laws that govern access to handguns.  We could go on and on. But as long as a criminal can walk into a gun show and buy a gun without a background check and walk out before any type of check can be done, as long as kids can get access to firearms without safety locks on them so they can use them, as we have seen happen too often, as long as it is harder for a kid to open a bottle of aspirin than it is to shoot a gun, because we have childproof tops on aspirin containers, we are going to have these problems.  It is our responsibility to act. It is our responsibility to stand up. We have not done that. Time is drawing close to April 20, 1 year after Columbine. I cannot think of a better way, not only to memorialize the victims of that shooting but to give meaning to that senseless tragedy, than for this body and the House to send to the President a gun control measure that will provide the sensible, reasonable controls that are so critical.  I see the Senator from California. There is no one in this body who is not only sensitive but more forcefully engaged in this effort than my friend and colleague, Senator Boxer, someone who I am proud to say will cosponsor this resolution, someone I am proud to say will continue her valiant efforts to lead the way for sensible gun control in this country.  I yield the floor.  