President, I thank Chairman Hatch and Senator Leahy for all of the hard work they've put into, and continue to put into, the judicial nomination process.  I also recognize Senator Lott for making a commitment to bring the Paez and Berzon nominations to the Floor for a vote by March 15, over the protests of certain members of his caucus.  First, a process comment. One of the most important duties of the United States Senate, as envisioned by our founding fathers, is the confirmation of Presidential appointments. Article II, Section 2, of the Constitution states that the President shall nominate and ``appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of the United States'' with the ``Advice and Consent of the Senate.'' This is one of our enumerated duties in the Constitution, and to my mind, we have egregiously failed to uphold this duty in the case of Judge Richard Paez.  More often than not, nominations move through the Senate the way they're supposed to. However, in this case, the system has broken down. As a result, considerable public attention is being paid to this nomination, especially among members of the Latino community, because the Senate is not doing its job. This is troubling. In regards to nominations, the public rightly expects us to move judiciously and expeditiously and without regard to politics.  No nominee for judicial office should have to wait four years to have his appointment confirmed. Allowing Judge Richard Paez and his family to wait four years for this body to perform its constitutional duty is inexcusable.  Judge Paez has opened up his life and resume for our examination, so that we can make a very important decision about his qualifications for a very important job, lifetime tenure on the United States Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. This is appropriate. Judge Paez should be subject to serious scrutiny by this body.  But no citizen of this country should have to wait three Congresses for this body to act. Just as he has presented his qualifications to us to the best of his ability, we need to make a decision about these qualifications to the best of our ability in a timely fashion.  In the private sector, how many of us would subject ourselves to the process that Judge Paez has subjected himself in order to be on the Board of Directors or the CEO of one of America's top companies. Most of us would choose not to go through that process at all.  And that is exactly my point, we should not make this process so painful that America's best and brightest attorneys are unwilling to subject themselves or their families to what has become an increasingly unpleasant and distressing process. We should be doing everything that we can to encourage people like Judge Paez to aspire to be members of our judicial branch. This,despite lower pay and greater responsibility than most lawyers have in private practice.  As the Chief Judge of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals wrote in a March 2, 2000 letter to Senators Hatch and Leahy, the Ninth Circuit Court has had a 300% increase in workload with no increase in active judges.  Unfortunately, the Paez and Berson nominations are indicative of a greater systemic breakdown that should be disturbing to both Republicans and Democrats. Even Justice Rehnquist has felt it necessary to comment on the problems being caused by greater federal court workloads, and too few judges.  Second, it's clear that the President has nominated lawyers of extraordinary ability when it comes to Judge Richard Paez and Ms. Marsha Berzon. Both have received the American Bar Associations's highest rating (``well-qualified'') and we are fortunate that these individuals have been willing to go through such a grueling federal judicial nomination process thus far.  I ask my colleagues today take their constitutional duty seriously and vote for these nominees on the basis of their objective qualifications, and not on the basis of petty politics. This process is much too important to the citizens of this great democracy to do otherwise.  