President, I will speak this evening on an issue of great importance to the country and every family in America. That is the issue of education.  For the past 4 months, the Republicans and Democrats on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee have been working to come up with a bipartisan approach to the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. Sadly, those efforts have collapsed and we are being presented with a Republican bill, the Straight A's Act, which is essentially a block granting of critical programs and the amassing of Federal resources to be distributed with little accountability by the States.  This issue is of great importance because education is what I believe is fueling the great economic progress we are making today. The 5-percent growth in productivity in the last quarter recognizes the combination of American technology, which is a product of our ideas, our education, and the skills and talents of the American people that have been forged in the classrooms of America.  Just as importantly, this recognition of the centrality and importance of education is shared by every American because they the mothers and fathers of this country, recognize that the future of their families, the future of their children, are dependent almost exclusively on how well they are educated. As a result, we cannot take lightly the proposals that are before the Senate with regard to the educational policy of the United States.  There are some who do not think the National Government has a role in education. I disagree. We recognize, of course, the primacy of States and localities in terms of forging educational policy, but we do have a role at the national level. We have a role of providing both encouragement and support for local innovation and also support to overcome local inertia.  We have seen that played out throughout our history. We have seen a situation where years ago the States were inattentive to the needs of low-income students, particularly minority students. That is one of the primary impulses for the 1965 Elementary and Secondary Education Act. We have seen in the past where States were indifferent to the education of students with disabilities, and we acted properly and appropriately to do that. So we do have this national role and we have to carry it out conscientiously, recognizing that public education is the bulwark of our society and our country.  Ninety percent of our students attend public schools. Public schools offer not only educational benefits but are the devices that bring us together, the common ground, the area in which one can enter and prepare to seize the opportunities of life without regard to race, creed, or ethnicity.  It is this public education system that we must enhance, reform, and reinvigorate. I argue that the approach to do that is not through block grants. The approach is a careful consideration of the appropriate Federal initiatives, both in terms of resources and in terms of programs, that will help stimulate reform at the local level and help overcome the inertia and the political gridlock we see every day at the localities and at the States just as they see on certain issues in Washington.  Again, I yield, as do all my colleagues, that the Federal Government is the junior partner in this partnership for education in America. We supply roughly 7 percent of all the resources; the States, the cities, and the towns supply 93 percent of the resources. However, we can do much, particularly in the area of focusing assistance on the neediest children and also, as I said before, to help invigorate our school system, to help accelerate reform.  Money isn't everything; it is vitally important, but we also need a sense of direction or purpose, of national statements about what is critical to the Nation as well as critical to localities and to States. That, too, is part and parcel to our deliberations about the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.  We should be providing resources for local communities. One of the problems with the educational policy in the United States is it is tied so closely to property tax that we can witness situations where good school systems, particularly school systems in urban areas that were models of efficiency and expertise decades ago, have fallen on hard times because their property base has evaporated. People have moved to the suburbs; the industries have left the central city and moved out. We can help, and we do that principally through title I programs.  Again, as we help with resources at the local level, we cannot give up the idea also that we have to provide this spark of innovation, the spark of reform that is so critical to the efforts. I believe also that this is recognized by many people at the State and local level, that our Goals 2000 initiative several years ago helped essentially start a reform process that was inchoate at the State and local level and many places that needed resources, even if there was a sense of reform. This effort, this identification of reform together with resources helped stimulate productive efforts that are improving the quality of education. But I also would say we have a long way to go before we can satisfy ourselves that every student in America, every child in America, has access to excellent public schools. That should be our goal, a goal we must insist upon.  Again, I am disappointed that efforts over the last several months to try to forge bipartisan compromise on the Elementary and Secondary Education Act have failed, apparently, for the moment. Tomorrow in the committee we begin to debate a legislative proposal that is simply abdicating the responsibilities of the National Government to the States without any real accountability. That is a wrong approach.  We have seen that because we have seen what the States have done in contrast to what the Federal Government has done in some critical areas of concern. I am not trying to suggest there is any type of nefarious plot at the States, but we all have to recognize they are under very special pressures in terms of allocating funds, in terms of local problems, a host of local issues that complicate their politics, and we have an opportunity sometimes to avoid those internecine fights that go on and provide direction that they welcome and they, in fact, in many cases expect.  One aspect of this debate about Federal versus State perspectives is a report prepared by the General Accounting Office in 1998. It was found Federal aid was seven times more targeted to poor students than State programs overall. It found our effort to reach out and help low-income students was disproportionately greater than State efforts. I think you have to ask yourself, logically, had we not acted in 1965 with title I, and in Congresses subsequent to that date to help out low-income students, both in center-city areas and in rural areas, would they enjoy the limited success they have had to date? I am not suggesting we succeeded in that arena.  I suggest you might find that same proportion of funding, those who are politically powerful in States, those suburban areas, those areas that themselves with property tax can fund schools, would do much better. In fact,our situation in center-city and rural areas would be much more severe without specified targeted Federal assistance--not a block grant, specified targeted Federal assistance.  I should point out in the last reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act--I was a Member of the other body at that time--we were aware of some of the shortcomings and limitations and inhibitions in the title I program, and we made changes to streamline it and make it more effective, as we did with several other programs. The results from the last few years seem to suggest this combination of more programmed and efficient Federal support, together with State initiatives, have led to real improvements. We want to continue that partnership and certainly those improvements.  There is another aspect, too, that affects the State and Federal Governments. I think sometimes we sit back and say: The States have it right; they know how to allocate and distribute funds. It turns out in over one-third of the States in these United States, people are suing the States claiming they are unfairly distributing their school aid. If we are going to turn around and give moneys to such a State without real accountability, without real direction, we, frankly, are running right into the teeth of those suits that are saying the States do not know how to spend their money fairly, wisely, or well; they are disadvantaging large parts of the population.  I think there are many reasons why we can argue with great credibility and force that Federal programs and Federal resources, national policies, can complement, supplement, help States do things that, because of politics, because of resource limitations, because of a host of reasons, they would not do of their own volition.  There is another issue, too, and it becomes, frankly, an issue that is much more specific to us today than it was 10 years ago or 20 years ago. We are in a global economy. Our competition is no longer between Rhode Island and South Carolina or Pennsylvania and Utah. It is between students in Singapore and in Japan and around the world versus American students. To suggest at this time there is not a national need for some direction, some support, some help to States to move forward their educational process is to disregard the global nature of the world we face today.  There are examples, frankly, of where we have acted successfully with federally directed programs to set national policies with national resources to facilitate State reform. One I mentioned previously is Goals 2000. I participated in the drafting of this legislation in 1994. I would have liked to have gone much further in terms of accountability, in terms of many other things. But the sense of the Congress and the administration was let's get into the States' resources with a direction to begin to start reforming or helping their reform efforts. That took place. In fact, it has been acknowledged that Goals 2000 has been a force for reform in places such as Texas and Georgia and Vermont and elsewhere. Indeed, in 1998, in another GAO report, State and local officials stated:       Goals 2000 funding provided valuable assistance and that,      without this funding, some reform efforts would not have been      accomplished or would not have been accomplished as quickly.  Again, had we simply back in 1994 said take this money and do what you like, without some structure, some framework, it would not have been as successful, I believe, as it has been to date.  There is another area where we can play a critical role--it is a role we have played in the past--and that is educational technology. National investment in educational technology since 1994, in programs such as the Technological Literacy Challenge Fund and the Technology Innovation Challenge Grants, as well as the E-Rate, have led to a dramatic increase in the number of schools connected to the Internet. Again, these are very specific targeted national programs. Between 1994 and 1998, Internet access in public schools increased from 35 to 89 percent of schools. The percentage of public school instruction rooms with Internet access also increased during this time period from 3 percent in 1994 to 51 percent in 1998.  High poverty schools, which have long lagged behind wealthier schools in Internet access, were as likely to have Internet access as low-poverty-level schools by the fall of 1998 because of these initiatives--again, appropriate. We are not supplanting State and local efforts, but we are identifying a national need to wire up to the Internet the children in the classroom, providing resources, direction. It gets done. It succeeds.  There is still a need, in fact, for additional effort in that regard. That is why we are missing a real opportunity in this reauthorization to build upon the success of our technology initiatives. In fact, the gap between high- and low-poverty schools and the percentage of classrooms with Internet access does not seem to be stabilized. It seems to be a widening; there is a bit of widening at the gap. We have to continue to work to make sure that gap does not exist.  My colleague from Maryland, Senator Mikulski, is often quoted talking about the digital divide; the fact that affluent students enjoy computer access at home and in classrooms. Low-income students do not have that opportunity. In the information age that digital divide could be decisive. So we have an opportunity to work now to build on prior success to ensure we truly close the digital divide.  There is another area--this one, I think, is very emblematic of the dangers of reflexively shifting from targeted programs to block grants--and that is school libraries. In 1965, Congress enacted legislation in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act which included specific provisions to assist school libraries to buy library material, principally books. But in 1981, with the advent of the Reagan administration, this specific program was thrown into a large block grant.  Now what has happened? What happened is all the material that was bought in 1965 through the late 1960s and 1970s is still on the shelves and has not been replaced because when this library program was thrown into a block grant, local pressures took out the support to buy library books. It always seemed there was something else to crowd it out, some other immediate problem. As a result, what I believe is a strong national thought that children in our schools should have up-to-date, modern library books has withered away, and we can see the proof on the shelves of school libraries throughout this country.  When I was talking about this issue several years ago, a librarian in a school in Arizona sent me a book. The title was ``The Constitution of the United States,'' by James Beck. But what I thought was interesting is that there was a foreword by the President of the United States, Calvin Coolidge. The book was written in 1924 and was still on the shelves in 1993.  I went to law school. I think there were a couple of amendments to the Constitution after 1924.  I would be hard pressed if I were a student in that school in Arizona to confirm or deny that fact.  There is another book found in Boston entitled ``Planets, Stars, and Space'' which noted:       Of course, the trip (to the moon) cannot yet be made. . . .      It may be necessary to establish a giant artificial moon or      satellite a thousand miles or so above the earth, from which      to launch the moon rocket.  That is copyright 1957, and that was in a school library recently.  From my own home State, there was in a school library a book entitled ``