President, I rise to express my support for the fiscal year 2001 Defense authorization conference report.  I believe this bill contains many excellent provisions which will ensure that our military remains the finest in the world.  As to personnel benefits, this bill also takes great steps to improve health care, pay and benefits for armed services personnel.  For the second year in a row, Congress approved a pay raise for military personnel. This year's 3.7 percent pay raise will go into effect on January 1, 2001.  This bill directs the Secretary of Defense to implement the Thrift Savings Plan for active and reserve service members.  Many Members of Congress have been outraged to learn that a number of active duty service members qualify for food stamps. This bill addresses that issue by directing the Secretary of Defense to implement a program which provides additional special pay of up to $500 per month for those service members who qualify for food stamps.  This bill also eliminates co-payments for active duty family members for health care received under TRICARE Prime. In addition, Congress extended TRICARE Prime to families of service members assigned to remote locations.  For military retirees, this bill goes far to fulfill the promise made to our military retirees when they enlisted that they would be given lifetime healthcare.  Congress approved a permanent comprehensive health care benefit for Medicare-eligible retirees which effectively makes all military retirees eligible for health care within TRICARE.  Under this plan, military retirees and family members may keep their Medicare coverage and use Tricare as a Medicare supplement to pay costs not covered by Medicare.  This provision can save military retirees thousands of dollars in out-of-pocket costs.  Congress also expanded the comprehensive retail and national mail order pharmacy to benefit all Medicare eligible retirees and their eligible family members, without enrollment fees.  On submarines, this bill also provides significant resources for the Navy's submarine fleet, a military asset very close to the hearts of the residents of my home state Rhode Island:  Authorizes funding for the construction of the third Virginia class submarine, the U.S.S. Hawaii;  Authorizes a block buy of submarines from FY03-06 which will greatly increase the efficiency and lower the cost of our next generation of submarines.  In transforming for future threats, the Navy will soon be faced with a decision on whether to refuel old Los Angeles class submarines or convert four Trident submarines which are scheduled to be retired to special operations boats. I believe that this decision must be made very carefully and so I am pleased that this report contains language directing a study of the advantages of Trident conversion over refueling.  I am also pleased that significant funding has been authorized for countermine measures. I believe this is a necessary program that has been woefully underfunded in recent years.  As to Army transformation, in October 1999, senior Army leaders announced a new vision to enable the Army to better meet the diverse, complex demands of the 21st century.  At present, in some instances the Army faces strategic deployment challenges that inhibits its ability to negotiate rapidly the transitions from peacetime operations in one part of the world to small-scale contingencies in another.  Army heavy forces have no peer in the world, but they are a challenge to deploy.  The Army has the world's finest light infantry, but it lacks adequate lethality, survivability, and mobility once in theater.  The Army Transformation Strategy will result in an Objective Force that is more responsible, deployable, agile, versatile, lethal, survivable and sustainable than the present force.  A force with these capabilities will allow the Army to place a combat capable brigade anywhere in the world, regardless of ports or airfields, in 96 hours.  It will put a division on the ground in 120 hours. And it will put 5 divisions in theater in 30 days.  This bill supports the Army Transformation efforts by authorizing an additional $750 million for the initiative, of which $600 million is for procurement requirements and $150 million for R requirements.  On impact aid, I am also pleased that the conference report contains language I authored to address the considerable financial strain on school districts educating military children with severe disabilities and help military families get the best education for their children with severe disabilities.  As many of my colleagues are aware, military personnel with children with severe disabilities often request and receive compassionate-post assignments to a few districts known for their special education programs.  The cost of providing such education is disproportionately high for these communities. In fact, for some of these children, the cost is upwards of $50,000 to $100,000 a year (as compared to an average per pupil expenditure of $6,900).  In my home state, Middletown, Portsmouth, and Newport are districts with many military children with disabilities. This year, Middletown alone is providing education to 66 high need military children with disabilities at a total cost of nearly $1 million.  This experience, however, is not unique to Rhode Island. In fact, districts ranging from San Diego and Travis Unified in California to Fort Sam Houston Independence in Texas also face considerable financial strain in their endeavor to educate military children with disabilities.  Section 363 of the conference report, Impact Aid for Children with Severe Disabilities, requires a report containing information on military children with severe disabilities, and authorizes funding to ease the strain on local communities providing education to high numbers of such children.  Mr. President, this critical program will help ensure that military families get the best education for their children with disabilities, while providing needed relief to school districts, and I am very pleased that it has been adopted.  I look forward to working with my fellow committee members, the Department of Defense, impact aid organizations, military personnel, and affected communities to press for funding for this program next year.  Under the Montgomery G.I. bill, Mr. President, I would now like to turn to some items that I regret have not been included in the conference report.  First, I would like to mention the expansion of Montgomery G.I. bill benefits that have been advocated for years by our colleague, Senator Cleland.  One of the most innovative provisions he proposed would have allowed service members to transfer Montgomery G.I. bill benefits to family members.  I believe this transferability would have been an effective tool for recruiting new members and retaining trained and skilled service members.  This provision would have had a negligible impact on the budget: The provision was not written as an entitlement, but rather would have been implemented at the discretion of the service Secretaries.  However, this provision, which was included in the Senate bill, was ultimately eliminated from the conference report because it was too expensive.  Yet while this provision was considered too expensive, in conference, majority leaders created and approved a greatly expanded entitlement for retirees which will cost $60 billion over ten years.  I am disappointed that we were not able to include both of these worthy items in this conference report and I will continue to work with Senator Cleland to ensure it is included next year.  As for hate crimes, Mr. President, I would like to express my extreme disappointment regarding the stripping of the hate crimes legislation from the Department of Defense (DOD) authorization conference report.  Fifty-seven United States Senators voted to add this important legislation to the DOD authorization bill, 232 Members of the House of Representatives instructed the conferees to keep the hate crimes legislation in the DOD authorization bill, and both the President and Vice-President have expressed unwavering support for this legislation.  Although some argue that hate crimes legislation has nothing to do with authorizing our nation's defense programs, a majority of the Senate added it to the DOD authorization bill because we were never given the opportunity by the Republican leadership to vote on it as a stand alone bill.  I support this legislation because it sends a message that society finds crimes motivated by bias especially heinous and worthy of punishment.  Hate crime laws recognize that a violent act committed against someone just because of who they are, is intended to intimidate and frighten people other than the immediate victim. While a hate crime might be targeted at one person, it is really directed at an entire community.  Considering the intent behind a person's action in committing a crime is not a new development. Deeply ingrained in our nation's laws is the recognition that intentions count when it comes to crime. That's why premeditated murder is punished more severely than manslaughter.  Hate crime laws express society's judgment that a violent act motivated by bigotry deserves greater punishment than a random crime committed under the same circumstances.  The Local Law Enforcement Act does not trample on our nation's ideals of free speech and equal justice under the law.  The Supreme Court has held constitutional state legislation that enhances penalties for hate crimes, respecting findings that hate crimes often provoke retaliatory crimes, inflict distinct emotional harms on their victims, and incite community unrest. The Court affirmed that it is reasonable to have greater punishments for crimes that cause greater individual or societal harm.  Hate crimes are very real offenses, combinations of uncontrollable bigotry and vicious acts of personal injury. These crimes not only inflict physical wounds, but wreak mental and emotional devastation by attacking a person's identity.  People who hurt or kill someone because that person represents a certain community, deserve harsher penalties.  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., said that he hoped that one day all people will be judged by the content of their character.  A majority of the U.S. Senate, a majority of the House of Representatives and the President and Vice President believe this to be the case. Our nation's hate crime laws should be extended so that we--that all people can have the freedom to be themselves without fear of being attacked for who or what they are.  Mr. President, I regret that we were not able to accomplish all that we set out to do with this conference report.  However, I believe that it is ultimately a solid legislative effort that will help our military and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Mr. President, I commend Chairman Warner and the ranking member, Senator Levin, for their great work in bringing to the floor a comprehensive and critically needed reauthorization of our defense programs. This is legislation which recognizes the extraordinary sacrifices of our military personnel around the globe--sacrifices which were certainly highlighted today in the gulf.  One part of this legislation is an enhancement of personnel benefits, both pay and health care. There is a sentiment which I subscribe to, frankly, as a veteran and as an American, that we cannot reward our service men and women enough for what they do each day. There is a very practical consideration, and that is the limits of our budget.  This legislation does many good things, but it raises an important question. It raises the question of whether we are reaching the limits of resources that we can effectively devote to personnel concerns, not only in terms of overall economic strategies in the country but also in terms of the inherently limited defense dollars because dollars we commit to personnel force cannot be used for operations, cannot be used for modernization, cannot be used for a host of programs that give us the qualitative education, and give our service men and women serving today the tools to do this very critical job. That question keeps emerging in the context of this legislation. For those personnel enhancements, certainly no one deserves more recognition or reward than our men and women in uniform.  Let me speak about several other topics included within this legislation. First, I am pleased to see that submarines have been recognized. This is a very valuable aspect of our national security. This legislation would authorize funding for the construction of a third Virginia class submarine, the U.S.S. Hawaii, and authorize a block buy program of submarines for fiscal years 2003 to 2006. It is more efficient, a better way to spend our dollars to get the quality submarines we need. It also recognizes the requirements to augment our submarine fleet by either new construction or by refueling existing 688 attack submarines.  This legislation, I am pleased to say, contains legislation language that directs a study of conversion of Trident over refueling, conversion of certain submarines over refueling, and that type of study is inherently positive and useful for future deliberations.  What is happening to our services today as we speak is a profound transformation based upon new threats, a transformation based upon new political realities in the post-cold-war world. It is a transformation we have to undertake with each service. I believe this legislation lays out some good guidelines for the transformation.  With respect to the Army, it does support the Chief of Staffs' commitment to forming five to six new interim Army brigades that would be more mobile, better able to be positioned around the world. It also sets up testing requirements that will ensure these new concepts are thoroughly tested.  With respect to the Air Force, it recognizes what has already been done in terms of organizing 10 aerospace expeditionary forces in providing resources and certainly support for that.  With respect to the Navy, it recognizes and, again, as evidenced today, the Navy now has responsibilities close in shore, along the littorals. They have to be prepared to meet the hostile fleetat sea. But more often they are called upon to be close in, supporting operations, supporting political and diplomatic issues. That, too, is recognized here.  So we have legislation that is comprehensive, legislation that recognizes the need to reward our service men and women, legislation that recognizes the need to transform our military services because of our new world, and legislation that I think goes a long way in building those vital programs, such as submarines, but there are others, that are critical to our future national security.  There are several regrets, though, and one regret is that included within the Senate version of the legislation was the hate crimes bill--important legislation that could match our ideals with our legislative intent. We all profess, indeed, would say stoutly and without reservation, our abhorrence for hate crimes, the need to condemn them. Unfortunately, this language which was included in the Senate version, and which the House also favorably supported for at least an instruction of the conferees, could not be included in the final version of the legislation. I regret that.  What it means is that we have to return next January with a commitment to pass this legislation. Hopefully we can pass it standing alone; hopefully, if that is not the case, on some legislative vehicle. But this legislation is necessary. Certainly I will be supporting this legislation because it will make us more capable, it will help us modernize our forces, and will reward those forces who are serving so valiantly.  