 My resolution is very clear. It asks that the conferees return the report back to us on the juvenile justice bill so we can vote up or down on the measures we passed on May 20 of last year, in response to Columbine, which provide for safety locks on handguns, ban large clips for automatic weapons, and would also close the gun show loophole. All of these measures are supported by an extraordinary majority of Americans.  Nearly 90 percent of Americans favor requiring child safety locks on all new handguns, including 85 percent of the gun owners who were surveyed. In addition, 89 percent also favor background checks on all sales at gun shows. This is what the American people want. It is not what the gun lobby wants. That is why we have waited 1 year, not in principles compromise and debate but essentially trying to strangle this measure we passed so that it won't come back to the floor.  There has been one meeting of the conferees, which is just trying to kill it off by indifference, hoping we will forget about Columbine, that we will forget about the violence that is plaguing the country.  Anyone who is suggesting that these measures are designed to end crime in America is being slightly hyperbolic. What it might do is prevent those hundreds, perhaps thousands, of deaths a year by handguns through accidents, through suicides, through the mishandling of weapons. That in itself will be a great achievement.  I had the opportunity this morning to talk about some of the incidents involving children, young people, who might have been deterred, not from criminal activity but gun accidents, gun violence. I was particularly shocked in my home community of Providence by a bunch of young people, 16-, 17-year-olds, horsing around, getting into a little bit of an ego contest. What happened? They were in a place where, when they turned around, somebody in the crowd had a gun. Not the two young people wrestling but somebody had a gun. They got the weapon. One person, out of a sense of just total irrationality, fired, hitting the other young man in the head, critically wounding the young man, and was so distraught by remorse for what he had done that he ran into a backyard and killed himself.  That is what we are talking about in terms of gun violence. There is no law that would prevent that.  