President, I rise in strong support of the motion to instruct conferees to reject the provision in the House version of the fiscal year 2001 Transportation Appropriations bill that freezes implementation of the Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards.  As my colleagues have stated, the House bill would, for the sixth year in a row, block the Department of Transportation from studying ways to improve CAFE standards for vehicles in the United States.  Mr. President, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's latest report to Congress states that cars sold in the United States in 1999 averaged 28.3 miles per gallon, down from 28.7 miles per gallon in 1998. Light trucks, which now make up about half of new passenger vehicles sold, averaged 20.7 miles per gallon, down from 20.9 in 1998.  What a shame that in an era of great technological innovation, all of the fuel economy gains from technological improvements over the last twelve years have been erased by the proliferation of larger, heavier, gas-guzzling vehicles.  As Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater said of the CAFE freeze in his June 8 letter to Chairman Shelby, ``Because this prohibition has been in place in recent years, the Department has been unable to fully analyze this important issue. The average fuel economy of passenger cars and light trucks has decreased almost 7 percent since 1987. In fact, the average miles-per-gallon for 1999 was the lowest since 1980. CAFE is a significant policy issue that should be addressed analytically and not preemptively settled through the appropriations process.''  With fuel prices high and rising, it is especially critical that we improve CAFE standards. Lax fuel economy standards have allowed SUVs and other light trucks on the road today to be 30 percent less efficient than cars on average. This fuel economy gap caused Americans to spend $21.4 billion more for gasoline last year than if these trucks were as efficient as cars. SUV and light truck drivers in my state of Rhode Island paid an extra $55 million at the pump last year due to this gap in fuel efficiency standards.  Meanwhile, as overall fuel efficiency goes down, our nation continues to import over 55 percent of its crude oil, putting us at the mercy of the OPEC cartel. We owe it to the drivers in the Northeast who are paying over $1.70 for a gallon of gas, or those in the Midwest paying over $2.00 per gallon, to take a serious look at cutting our consumption of foreign oil by improving CAFE standards.  Nevertheless, the CAFE freeze rider has been inserted into the House DOT spending bill every year for the past 5 years, and each time that happens, Congress denies the American people the benefits of fuel-saving technologies that already exist, technologies that the auto industry could implement with no reduction in safety, power, or performance.  Shouldn't we at least give the Department of Transportation the chance to study this issue? Isn't it time to lift the gag order that has been placed on our ability to consider the costs and benefits of higher CAFE standards? I believe the answer is clearly yes.  I urge my colleagues to support this important motion.  