President, I rise in support of Senator Dorgan's proposal. It is very straightforward, simple, and it states categorically that all Americans covered by health insurance should have the protections of the Patients' Bill of Rights. Nothing could be clearer or more effective and efficient in providing protections to the American people, to which we all, by and large, agree.  We have seen this proposal in the Democratic legislation that was submitted to this Chamber. It is includedwithin the Norwood-Dingell legislation in the other body. It is consistent, it is appropriate and, frankly, it seems so common sensical. Why should an American citizen be denied protections and practices and benefits because he or she is in an ERISA plan rather than a non-ERISA plan? ERISA is a time and security income program created to protect the solvency of retirement funds and the financial aspects of these plans. It was never intended to be a health care plan or to define the coverage for health care plans in the United States. So on that point alone, it seems to be an inappropriate way to discriminate against those Americans who have access to the protections of the Patients' Bill of Rights.  I have been listening to the proposals by the Senator from Oklahoma and the description of the Senator from Tennessee and trying to understand their proposals. My understanding is this: They have--and Senator Frist has announced a long list of protections and rights, and they only apply to ERISA plans--48 million Americans. The appeals process, however, would be expanded to apply to 131 million Americans.  Now, it appears to be inconsistent, but I think the rationale and the logic is pretty clear. If you don't have rights, it doesn't matter whether or not you have an appeals process. If you don't have the rights outlined by the Senator from Tennessee, then you could have the appeals process, but what are you appealing? You are appealing nothing. It comes back to the point that Senator Dorgan has made so well. This issue is about scope, so that not only do you have the right to appeal--all Americans--but you actually have valid rights that you can insist upon in an appeals process. That is included within the Democratic proposal, the Norwood-Dingell bill, and it is significantly absent from the Republican proposal we are hearing today.  Now, the justification, of course, for this approach--the Republican approach--is we can't disrupt State regulations, or the sanctity of State regulations. However, step back and look again. Under the pressure of Norwood-Dingell, the pressure of Senator Dorgan's proposal, and the pressure building up month after month of trying to bring this Patients' Bill of Rights to the floor for final passage--something solid and substantive--the appeals process has been expanded. When it comes to appeals, we are saying we don't care about State regulations anymore. That argument falls out. If we don't care about the appeals process with respect to the sanctity of State regulations, why do we care when it comes down to fundamental rights? Or why do you care about it in this, I think, inappropriate, illogical, and irrelevant distinction between ERISA plans and non-ERISA plans? The answer is, this ERISA distinction is a convenient dodge to avoid providing rights for all Americans in this health care bill.  Now, also, they talk about the fact that the cost of these patient protections will go up dramatically. Yet the Senator from Tennessee just announced a long list of protections that apply to ERISA plans. Why, if these are so onerous and costly, would we allow them to be applied to ERISA plans and not to other plans? The answer, I think, also should be obvious. It is that, in fact, these proposals are not only necessary but appropriate, and that the costs will not unnecessarily drive people away from insurance protection.  So what we have in the Republican proposal is based upon illogical premises, distinctions that should not be in place with respect to ERISA or non-ERISA, and also would create a complexity that is one of the banes of our health care system today. On this side, and also on the bipartisan measure adopted by the House of Representatives, you have a very simple, direct proposal that will cover every American--not just in the appeals process but in the basic rights they have. I think, in comparison, it is clear that we should support the amendment of the Senator from North Dakota.  