President, I rise today to also speak about a grave omission with respect to the debate that is ongoing regarding H-1B visas.  There is widespread support for the H-1B visa program. What has happened is that our ability to also address other compelling immigration issues hasbeen totally frustrated by this cloture process, by this overt attempt to eliminate amendments, to eliminate our ability to deal with other issues. One in particular that is compelling to me is the status of 10,000 Liberians who have been here in the United States since 1989-1990, when the country of Liberia was thrust into a destructive civil war.  These people came here. They were recognized, because of the violence in their homeland, as being deserving of temporary protective status. That status was granted in 1991 by the Attorney General. For almost a decade now they have been here in the United States, working, paying taxes, raising families while not qualifying for any type of social benefits such as welfare. Many of these people, who are here legally, have children who are American citizens. They are within hours of losing their protection and being deported back to Liberia.  In response to this pressing dilemma, I introduced legislation in March of 1999 cosponsored by Senator Wellstone, Senator Kennedy, Senator Durbin, Senator Kerry, Senator Landrieu, Senator Hagel, and Senator L. Chafee. Our attempt was to allow these Liberians the opportunity to adjust to permanent resident status and one day become citizens of this country. There are 10,000 located across the country. They have been contributing members of these communities. Yet, because of the process we have adopted here, because of the unwillingness to take up this issue--which is a key immigration issue, along with the H-1B--these individuals are perhaps facing expulsion from this country in the next few days.  I hope we can deal with this. It is essential we do so. One of the great ironies of our treatment of the Liberians is that at the moment we are prepared to deport them to Liberia, we are urging American citizens not to go to that country because it is so violent.  Our State Department has released official guidance to Americans warning them not to travel to Liberia because of the instability, because of the potential for violence, because of the inability of civil authorities to protect not only Americans but to protect anyone in Liberia.  So we are at one time saying, don't go to Liberia if you are an American citizen, but unless we pass this legislation or unless, once again, the President authorizes deferral of forced departure--essentially staying the deportation of these Liberians--we are going to send these people back into a country to which we are advising Americans not to go.  Although this country had a democratic election a few years ago, it was an election more in form than substance. It is a country governed by a President who is a warlord, someone who is not a constructive force for peace and progress in that part of Africa. In fact, he started his political career by escaping from a prison in Massachusetts, going back to Liberia, and then organizing his military forces to begin this civil war. One of his first accomplishments, according to the New Republic, was the creation of a small boys unit, a battalion of intensely loyal child soldiers who are fed crack cocaine and refer to Taylor as ``our father.''  This is the leader of a country who has also been implicated in a disturbance in the adjoining country of Sierra Leone. Month after month, we have seen horrible pictures of the degradations that are going on there in Sierra Leone. He is involved in that, supporting homicidal forces in Sierra Leone.  This is not a place we want to send people back to--people who have resided in our country for 10 years, people who have been part of our communities, young people particularly, who know very little about Liberia and will be thrust back into a situation where their protection is in jeopardy and where their future is in great jeopardy in terms of access to schools and education and other necessary programs.  For months now--starting last March--we have been lobbying intensively to get an opportunity at least to vote on legislation that would allow these individuals to adjust to permanent status. That legislative approach has been frustrated time and time again, most recently with the decision that we would not accept certain amendments to this H-1B visa bill.  In fact, one of the ironies is that of those 10,000 Liberians, many of whom were professionals in their homeland, I suspect at least a few of them are working in these high-tech industries. If they are, the irony is that we would be sending them home so that the high-tech community can complain about losing workers and needing more H-1B visas. I think simple justice demands that we do both, that we press not only for H-1B visas but also for some of the issues that have been addressed by Senator Kennedy, and the issue in Liberia. These people deserve a chance to adjust their status and become full-fledged Americans.  There is some discussion that they should go back to Liberia, but as I have tried to suggest in my remarks, this is a country that is chaotic at best. The Government is really subservient to the leadership of the President, Charles Taylor. It is an area of the world where there are not social services and the basic economics of the country are faulty. I think all of these together suggest compellingly the need to allow the individuals to adjust.  I hope in the next few days, or in the remaining days of this legislative session, we will have another opportunity to address this legislatively. I certainly hope that if we are unable to do so, the cause will be taken up by the administration when it comes to discussions for the final legislative initiatives of this Congress, so we will not leave these people once again in a gray area, in a ``twilight zone,'' where they want to stay in this country but face the threat of deportation each and every year. I hope we do better. I am disappointed--gravely disappointed--we did not allow an opportunity to vote on this measure in conjunction with this H-1B legislation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  