President, today we begin our debate on the budget. I think we should begin by noting that remarkable economic progress has been made in this country over the last 7 years, since 1993. There are 20 million new jobs in this country. Unemployment is at a record low. Home ownership is expanding dramatically. Productivity has been increased significantly. Inflation remains low. All of that good news is a result of budget decisions we made years ago under the direction of President Clinton and with the support of my colleagues in the Democratic caucus.  I am afraid this budget brought to us today by the Republican majority will undo most of that good work. We can all reflect upon the nay saying that took place years ago in 1993 where, when I was in the other body, my colleagues said this Clinton proposal would cause unemployment; it would cause a huge collapse; a recession would take place.  Nothing could be further from the truth. The proof really is in the pudding. The plans the President proposed, and in which he was supported by the Democratic caucus, produced remarkable economic prosperity and recovery throughout this country.  As I said, we have gone from a huge deficit to a surplus. But now we are prepared to forget the lessons of the last several decades and embark upon another extravagant and reckless, in fact, budget plan that will essentially, through untargeted tax reductions, dissipate the surplus and miss a significant opportunity to invest in the families of America, invest in those programs that are so critical to their future, and invest in ways that will make this country stronger. I am afraid if we support this proposal by the Republican majority, we will, in fact, see the great progress of the last decade undone.  What we should be doing, instead, is investing in our people, not proposing drastic tax cuts which essentially soak up all these hard-won surplus dollars. Rather than investing in health care and education, in those programs that are so central to the American family, this budget would result in drastic reductions in discretionary spending. At least 6 percent, or $20 billion, in fiscal year 2001 alone would be cut away from discretionary spending. We would find ourselves unable to keep up with simple inflation. Indeed, we would find ourselves lagging behind our requirements to fund programs on just a continuing basis, let alone making those additional investments which are so critical to the future of this country--in education, in health care, in veterans' affairs, in environmental policy.  This is also particularly suspicious when you look at the last several years and the avowed purpose of holding the line on spending of this Republican Congress. In fact, under the last few Republican Congresses, nondefense spending rose 3.2 percent in 1997, 2.6 percent in 1998, 5.3 percent in 1999, and 10.7 percent last year. Somehow this budget says we will hold spending 2.7 percent less than last year's spending. It would defy the history of this Republican Congress, going back several sessions.  So we begin with a budget plan that is faulty on its assumptions and faulty on its presumptions about what we can and what we will do. What we will see, in fact, is that we will forgo billions of dollars of necessary spending that we have never been able to forgo in the past, and we will not invest additional resources in important programs. In fact, with this budget plan, I fear we will end up, as we have in several past years, where, at the end of the session, we are in almost a train wreck; we come together with an omnibus appropriations bill that pays scant attention to this budget. I hope we can do better. I hope we can invest in those programs that are going to make a difference in the lives of working families rather than dissipating roughly 98 percent of the projected surplus into untargeted and misguided tax cuts.  Also, I hope we can do those things which all our constituents are asking us to do. One is a Medicare prescription benefit. I commend Senator Wyden and colleagues on the Budget Committee because they at least were able to put in a $40 billion set-aside for a new Medicare prescription drug program. But, unfortunately, this initiative has been complicated, in a way compromised, because the last several years of the projected spending is tied into substantial Medicare reform. Again, given the record of this Congress over many sessions, to make a wise and necessary investment in our seniors contingent upon reform of Medicare is, to me, looking for an escape hatch rather than directly confronting this issue, directly appropriating the money, directly making the commitment of resources right now, unconditionally making that commitment.  I believe, also, we have a wealth of things to do with respect to our investment in education: reducing class size, increasing professional development for teachers, and giving the States resources for more accountability. We have, in fact, additional challenges in taking care of a generation of Americans who fought in World War II and who are now coming, with increasing numbers, to the Veterans' Administration with increased and more complex needs.  We have requirements to ensure that our natural resources are protected.  We have requirements to ensure we maintain a strong defensive posture in the world.  All of these cannot be done as well as we will and can do them if we abandon the strategy of massive tax reductions and rather look at targeted tax reductions for middle and lower-income Americans, together with wise investments across the range of initiatives.  The other aspect of this budget is a continuing need to invest in our infrastructure, not only our human capital in terms of education but our physical capital: Roads, bridges, better schools. All these things we cannot do if we essentially dissipate our resources the way this budget proposes.  There is something else we can and should do, and that is to begin to reduce our national debt held outside the Government. The President has proposed a plan to do that. Again, I think this budget represents a plan that is less adequate and less satisfactory.  For all these reasons, I urge this budget be carefully examined and then, just as carefully, rejected; that we embrace the alternative budget of my colleagues on the Democratic side. Also, in the course of this debate we have an opportunity to look at other issues which are close to all of us, issues that do not go to the financing, essentially, of the Government, but issues of importance to the time and moment of this great debate, issues such as gun control and others through which we can send a signal to the American public that we are listening.  I hope at end of the process we can come forward with a budget that represents an investment in America, that represents a recognition we have worked hard to bring ourselves to a place where we have surpluses which can be used--we hope wisely. We do not want to undo that progress. We do not want to go back; we want to go forward into a brighter future for all the families of America.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  