President, I rise today to discuss the current posture of the Treasury-Postal appropriations bill on the floor. It seems to me that we are in the doldrums. Our sails are unfurled, the crew is at their positions, but the ship is not moving. There are many reasons for that. But I suggest one of the principal reasons is that over the last several months--indeed, throughout this entire Congress--the leadership has taken it upon themselves to essentially try to nullify the President's constitutional authority to appoint judges to the Federal courts.  Article II, section 2 of the Constitution is quite clear that the President has the right to appoint Federal judges, subject to the advice and consent of the Senate. But what has happened with increasing enthusiasm is that these appointments arrive here and then languish month after month after month after month. At some point, this type of nullification, this avoidance of responsibility under the Constitution, subverts what I believe the Founding Fathers saw as a relatively routine aspect of Government: Presidential appointment and consideration within a reasonable time by the Senate of these appointments.  It has not been a reasonable time in so many cases. Repeatedly, appointments to the Federal bench have been made by the President. They have come to the Senate and have been virtually ignored month after month. At some point, we have to be responsible not only to the Constitution, but to the people of the country and act on these appointments. Now, that doesn't mean confirm every appointment. But it certainly, in my mind, means to have a reasonable deliberation, a hearing, and then bring it to a vote. It is far better, both constitutionally and in terms of the lives of individual Americans, to decide their fate, decide whether or not they will serve on the bench in a reasonable period of time than to let them twist slowly in the wind--some for upwards of a year or more. That is what has been happening. It is a reflection of a deeper paralysis within the system.  The Senate is not operating as it traditionally has, as a forum for vigorous debate, amendment, and discussion, and after a vigorous debate, a vote. We have seen a situation in which measures are brought to the floor only after concessions are made about the number of amendments, the scope of amendments, and the type of amendments. That is operational procedure that is frequently associated with the other body but which defies the tradition of this body, where we pride ourselves on our ability to debate and amend, to be a place in which serious discussions about public policy take place routinely and just as often decisions are made by the votes of this body. We haven't seen that.  We introduced on this floor for consideration--and it has been the pending business now since May--the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. Every 5 years, we reauthorize the education policy of the Federal Government--the education policy with respect to elementary and secondary schools throughout this country: the title I program, Professional Development Program, and the Eisenhower Program that assists professional development. Yet this major piece of legislation has come to this floor and then, like judges, has been languishing in the shadows for months now. Why? Well, some suggest it is because the majority doesn't want to consider amendments with respect to school safety and gun violence. Those amendments might cause difficult votes. But in any case, we are likely, this year, not to discharge our routine duty of every 5 years reauthorizing the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. We are going to--using a sports metaphor--punt.  All of these things together have caused us to stop and essentially ask why can't we refocus our operations, refocus our emphasis, and begin to renew the tradition in this body of debate, wide-open amendment leading to votes with respect to substantive legislation and with respect to appointments by the President to the judiciary and other appointments.  That is why I believe we are here in these doldrums. The lights are on. We are assembled, but we are not moving forward. I think we have to begin to look at what we are doing and why we are doing it. Perhaps that is the most useful aspect of this discussion this afternoon--because I hope that eventually we can emerge from these doldrums and begin to, once again, take up the people's business in a reasonable and timely fashion leading to votes after debate. Some may go the way we want. Some may not. But in the grand scheme of things, when we are debating and bringing the principles of the debate to conclusion by voting, we are discharging the responsibility that the American people entrusted to us when they elected us to the Senate.  There are many examples of what we could be doing if we adopted this approach. For example, I have an amendment which I would like to introduce with respect to this Treasury-Postal bill regarding the enforcement of our firearms laws in the United States.  We hear time and time again--particularly by the opponents of increased gun safety legislation--that all we have to do is enforce the laws. Yet in the past we have seen the erosion of funds going to the ATF for their enforcement policies. I must say that this year's Treasury-Postal appropriations bill has moved the bar upwards in terms of funding appropriate gun safety programs, and I commend the Chairman and Ranking Member for their effort. But there are two areas in which they have failed to respond. One is the youth crime gun interdiction initiative by the ATF.  I would request in my amendment an additional $6.4 million, which would bring it up to the funding requested by the President. This, to me, is an absolutely critical issue--not only in the sense of making sound public policy, but critical because in every community in this country we are astonishedby the ease of access to firearms by youngsters. We are horrified by the results of this access to firearms.  A few weeks ago in Providence, RI, we were absolutely devastated by the murder of two young people. They had been in Providence on Thursday evening at a night club. They left. One youngster was working and the other was a college student. They were chatting by their car, waiting to go to their homes that evening when they were carjacked by five or six young men. They were driven to a golf course on the outskirts of Providence. Then they were brutally killed with firearms.  Where did these accused murderers get these firearms? It is a confused story. But there was an adult, apparently, who had lots of weapons. Either they were stolen from this individual, or he lent the firearms to one of these young men. But, in any case, this is one of those searing examples of young people having firearms being desperate, being homicidal, and using those weapons to kill two innocent people.  The program, which is underfunded in this appropriations bill, would authorize the ATF to work with local police departments to develop tracing reports to determine the source of firearms in juvenile crimes.  There was some suggestion initially and anecdotally that most of these firearms were stolen, but then preliminary research suggested not; that, in fact, there is an illegal market for firearms and that too many weapons used by juveniles in these heinous crimes are obtained in this illegal firearms market.  This type of information is extremely useful in terms of designing strategies to interdict access to firearms by youth perpetrators. We need this kind of intelligence in the Nation, if we are going to construct appropriate programs that are going to deal with this problem.  This, again, is a reflection of what I sense happened in Providence. It is unclear precisely what happened. But here you have the possibility that the individual with the firearms either sold them or lent them, got them into the hands of young people who, in turn, used them to kill other young people.  It would be extremely useful if we knew collectively and not only individually how these weapons moved through our society, because without this knowledge it is very hard to create counterstrategies.  That is one important aspect--these trace reports--for appropriations that I will seek to move today with respect to appropriations.  Indeed, the Senate Appropriations Committee report emphasizes the importance of the partnerships that are underlying this initiative, and underlying also the ability to deal with the incidents of youth firearm crimes. In their words:       The partnership between ATF and local law enforcement      agencies in these communities--  The communities that are already participating in this program--     is invaluable to the mutual effort to reduce gun-related      crimes. The tracing information provided by ATF not only      allows local jurisdictions to target scarce resources to      investigations likely to achieve results, but also gives ATF      the raw data to be able to investigate and prosecute the      illegal source of these crime guns. The Committee continues      to believe that there are significant disruptions in these      illegal firearms markets directly due to investigative leads      arising from this regional initiative.  Frankly, the committee recognizes that this is a useful initiative. I would like to see it fully funded. That is something we could be talking about. Indeed, I hope we can move to incorporate that within the appropriations bill that is before us.  There is another important firearms enforcement measure that was not funded by the committee which I would like to see funded, and that is the national integrated ballistics information network. I would like to see that appropriation moved up by $11.68 million to meet the President's request. This would integrate two systems that try to identify bullets based upon their ballistic characteristics so they can be more useful in investigating crimes.  The ATF has an integrated ballistics identification system, which is called in shorthand IBIS. The FBI has what they call the ``drugfire'' ballistic system. I have seen demonstrations of these systems. They are remarkable. They recover a slug at a crime scene. They take it to a lab, which has the computer equipment that is designed to run this system. They are able to identify the characteristics of the particular slug that is being examined and then, through their data banks, match it up with a known group of slugs, make a positive identification, and the positive identification leads, in many cases, to the arrest, or certainly to the identification of the weapon that was used. It is very similar to fingerprinting, with which we are all familiar.  We have these two systems. They work very well independently. But they would work much better if their databases were combined; if the source was engineered to cooperate and work interdependently. That is what this appropriation would do.  We have seen success already. Both of these systems, working independently, have produced more than 8,000 matches and 16,000 cases. For the first time we can take a slug from a crime scene, match it up with known weapons, leading, hopefully, to arrests and ultimately conviction. In a way, it is not only like fingerprints, it is like DNA, like all the scientific breakthroughs we are able to use to more effectively enforce the laws and bring lawbreakers to justice.  I hope we can use this system more effectively by integrating the two programs, the ATF program and also the FBI program.  One of the reasons I am offering this amendment is to ensure we have the money this year. There is a 24-month proposed schedule for the deployment of this system. The work has been done, the plans have been done, but if we do not appropriate sufficient money in fiscal years 2001 and 2002, then we will fall short of this scheduled deployment. We will create a situation in which, again, when we ask why the American people get so frustrated with government, the situation in which we have been planning, we have been expending money, we are all ready to move forward on an initiative that will materially aid law enforcement authority, and then we stop short and go into a hiatus for a year, and maybe at the end of the year start again. But, more than likely, it will be more expensive, and we have lost months or years in terms of having effective tools for our law enforcement authorities. That is one of the frustrations. It is frustration based upon our inability to be able to move efficiently and promptly to do the people's business.  I hope we can deal with this issue of both the youth crime gun interdiction initiative and the national integrated ballistics information network. These are the types of appropriations measures we should not only be talking about, but we should be voting for. Again, we are in this predicament because there has been such a conscious, overt effort on the part of the leadership to deflect consideration, deliberation, and decision on so many important issues that are critical to the future of America. Lifetime tenure on Federal courts is being withheld because there is a hope, an expectation on one side, that these judges will go away, these nominees will go away, in 6 or 9 months.  I don't think that is what the American people want Congress to do. They want Congress to either approve or disapprove, but they want Congress to act.  