Chairman, I want to set the stage for what is occurring on the House floor at this point in time because it is my privilege to submit to the House for final passage H.R. 2641, the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2008, with its supplemental report.  On July 10, the Appropriations Committee approved the supplemental report unanimously by voice vote. As I have said before, this is a good bill and it merits the support of the entire House.  I would emphasize that the money spent in this bill, whether enumerated originally by the administration or by the Congress, are investments, investments in our national security, investments in our energy security, and investments in the health and safety of our citizens. They are investments tocreate a climate and to build the infrastructure that encourages the development of new, good-paying jobs in our country.  To the extent we have made changes in the administration's priority, the changes have been to enhance the effectiveness of the programs in this bill and to complement them.  I would like to give two examples. All one needs to do is look at the West Sacramento Flood Control Project as proof that we are dealing with fundamental issues, like ensuring people and their families' lives are secure and their homes and their businesses are protected from devastating floods. In Tennessee, the Center Hill Dam is another project that Congress has funded to control flood waters and generate clean, safe and efficient hydroelectric power.  There are also examples of administration funding requests that originated in Congress years ago. For fiscal year 2006, Congress designated funds to support activities at the supervisory control and data acquisition test facilities at the Idaho National Laboratory. This system has proven itself so useful in helping to improve the reliability and robustness of the electric power grid that for fiscal year 2008 the administration has included the project as part of its project request. If nothing else, this shows how the executive and legislative branches can work together to fund important projects for the Nation, regardless of who initiated support for the idea.  Mr. Chairman, as we consider today's supplemental report to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, I urge my colleagues to keep these factors in mind. The specific projects enumerated in this report serve a purpose: To improve the quality of life for our citizenry and to make advances on key priorities facing our Nation.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  