Lee Strawhun. Having known Lee for many years, I can truly say that he is one of the most committed, knowledgeable, and honorable citizens in Northwest Indiana. Nowhere has his knowledge and commitment been more evident than in his faithful service to the mental health profession, and more specifically, to the Southlake Center for Mental Health. Lee has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Southlake Center since its founding in April of 1976. For many years, Lee has been a constant fixture at the Southlake Center for Mental Health, and for his efforts, he was honored at a farewell reception on Thursday, December 6, 2007, at the Avalon Manor in Merrillville, Indiana.  Lee Strawhun has spent his entire life, both professionally and personally, working at ways to improve not only mental health services, but society as a whole. From his service to his country as a member of the United States Army Reserves to his consulting work with various organizations to his service to the youth of his community as faculty member at Indiana University-Northwest and guest lecturer at Purdue University-Calumet, Valparaiso University-School of Law, and DePaul University-School of Law, Lee has always sought opportunities to improve the quality of life for all people.  Looking back, it is not surprising that Lee was chosen as the first staff member at the Southlake Center for Mental Health back in 1976. Following a very successful six years as the Deputy Director of the Northwest Indiana Comprehensive Health Planning Council, Lee was brought on during a time when mental health services were not readily accepted. Since serving Southlake Center's first clients in 1977, Lee Strawhun has led the way and has been the catalyst for the improvement of mental health services in Northwest Indiana and beyond. During Lee's tenure, the Southlake Center for Mental Health has seen astonishing growth. To name a few of these outstanding advances, Southlake Center has expanded to include: drug and alcohol treatment programs, GED and general medical services programs, supervised group living homes, a psychology doctoral internship program, an acute partial hospitalization program, a countywide divorce education program, residential treatment centers for adolescents and children, independent group living facilities, and a forensic diversion program.  Without a doubt, Lee Strawhun has been an innovative and respected leader throughout the years. To attest to this fact, Lee has been the recipient of numerous awards for his leadership and dedication. To name a few of his many accolades, Lee was honored with the ``Distinguished Hoosier Award'' in 1982 by Governor Robert Orr, the ``Adam Benjamin Advocacy Award'' in 1989 by the Indiana Mental Health Association's Lake County Chapter, the ``Outstanding Achiever Award'' in 1990 by the American Cancer Society, and the ``Outstanding Board Member of the Year Award'' in 2001 by the Indiana Association of Community Corrections Counties. Then, in 2004, Lee was awarded the prestigious ``Sagamore of the Wabash'' by Governor Frank O'Bannon.  Though it may be difficult to imagine where he has found the time, Lee has always been an active member of various professional organizations, including: the National Council of Community Mental Heath Centers, American Society for Public Administration, Reserve Officers Association, American Correctional Association, and the Mental Health Corporations of America. He has also been a member of various organizations within Northwest Indiana, including: the Mental Health Association, Indiana Council of Community Mental Health Centers, Calumet Region Montessori, Merrillville Rotary Club, Alumni Association of the Indiana University--School of Public and Environmental Affairs, Indiana University-Northwest--Center for Medical Education, Lake County Community Corrections Advisory Board, Workforce Investment Board, Merrillville Chamber of Commerce, Merrillville Sanitary District, and the Merrillville ``Vision 21'' Committee.  Madam Speaker, Lee Strawhun has devoted his life to improving mental health services and to serving the people of Northwest Indiana. At this time, I ask that you and all of my distinguished colleagues join me in commending him for his lifetime of service, perseverance, and dedication. I also ask that you join me in wishing him the best of health and happiness in the years to come.