. 2641 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 481, notwithstanding clause 11 of rule XVIII, no amendment to the bill may be offered except:  Pro forma amendments offered at any point in the reading by the chairman or ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their designees for the purpose of debate;  An amendment by Mr. Forbes regarding a study of certain river basins;  An amendment by Mr. Wynn regarding hydrogen research;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling regarding funding for DOE Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability;  An amendment by Mr. Shadegg regarding funding for hydropower incentives;  An amendment by Mr. Porter regarding Yucca Mountain;  An amendment by Mr. Price of Georgia regarding funding for the Advanced Fuel Cycle Initiative;  An amendment by Mr. Burgess regarding funding for fossil energy;  An amendment by Mrs. Wilson of New Mexico regarding funding for medical imaging;  An amendment by Mr. Upton or Mr. Towns regarding funding for nuclear energy loan guarantees;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling regarding funding for DOE Departmental Administration;  An amendment by Mr. Matheson regarding funding for contract oversight;  An amendment by Mrs. Tauscher regarding weapons dismantlement activities;  An amendment by Mr. Udall of New Mexico regarding funding for weapons activities;  An amendment by Mrs. Schmidt regarding a prohibition on Global Nuclear Energy Partnership funds for certain nuclear waste storage;  An amendment by Mr. Space regarding funding for the Appalachian Regional Commission;  An amendment by Mr. Neugebauer regarding funding for the Appalachian Regional Commission;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling regarding funding for the Denali Commission;  An amendment by Ms. Berkley limiting use of funds for the Yucca Mountain Youth Website educational campaign;  An amendment by Mr. Bishop of New York, Mr. Courtney, or Ms. DeLauro limiting use of Federal Energy Regulatory Commission funds to review a particular application;  An amendment by Mr. Conaway regarding use of reductions made through amendments for deficit reduction;  An amendment by Mr. King of Iowa regarding actions to mitigate global warming;  An amendment by Mr. Murphy of Connecticut limiting use of Federal Energy Regulatory Commission funds for certain permit actions;  An amendment by Mrs. Musgrave regarding an across-the-board reduction in funding;  An amendment by Mr. Price of Georgia regarding an across-the-board reduction in funding, which shall be debatable for 30 minutes;  An amendment by Mr. Upton or Ms. Harman regarding use of Energy Star certified light bulbs;  An amendment by Mr. Shadegg limiting use of funds to breach or remove hydropower dams;  An amendment by Mr. Hinchey or Mr. Wolf limiting use of funds for designation of transmission corridors, which shall be debatable for 20 minutes;  An amendment by Mr. Gohmert limiting use of funds for a certain settlement regarding the National Resources Defense Council;  An amendment by Mr. Campbell of California reducing funds in the bill, which shall be debatable for 30 minutes;  An amendment by Mr. Campbell of California reducing funds in the bill, which shall be debatable for 30 minutes;  An amendment by Mr. Obey regarding earmarks;  An amendment by Mr. Garrett of New Jersey limiting the use of funds for international conferences;  An amendment by Mr. Hobson limiting use of funds for the Mental Illness and Neuroscience Discovery Institute in New Mexico; and  An amendment or amendments by Mr. Visclosky regarding funding levels.  Each such amendment may be offered only by the Member named in this request or a designee, shall be considered as read, shall not be subject to amendment except that the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations and the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development each may offer one pro forma amendment for the purpose of debate; and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole.  Except as otherwise specified, each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. An amendment shall be considered to fit the description stated in this request if it addresses in whole or in part the object described.  