Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 2641 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 481, notwithstanding clause 11 of rule XVIII, no further amendment to the bill may be offered except:  Pro forma amendments offered at any point in the reading by the chairman or ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their designees for the purpose of debate;  An amendment by Mr. Rothman limiting funds for the Green Maintenance Building in North Bergen, New Jersey;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting Army Corps of Engineers construction funding for the South Central Pennsylvania project;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Coastal Wind Ohio project;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Green Maintenance Building in North Bergen, New Jersey;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the National Center for Manufacturing Science in Michigan;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the University of North Alabama Green Campus Initiative;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Center for Instrumented Critical Infrastructure in Pennsylvania;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Alliance for NanoHealth in Texas;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the Notre Dame Innovation Park in Indiana;  An amendment by Mr. Flake limiting funds for the ACE Program at Maricopa Community Colleges in Arizona;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling limiting funds for the South Carolina HBCU Science and Technology initiative in South Carolina;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling limiting funds for the Environmental Science Center, University of Dubuque, Iowa;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling limiting funds for the Emmanuel College Center for Science Partnership in Massachusetts;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling limiting funds for Roosevelt University Biology Laboratory Equipment in Illinois;  An amendment by Mr. Hensarling limiting funds for Nanosys, Inc.;  An amendment by Mr. Campbell of California limiting funds for projects requested by Members of Congress and disclosed pursuant to the rules of the House, which shall be debatable for 30 minutes; and  An amendment or amendments by Mr. Visclosky regarding funding levels.  Each such amendment may be offered only by the Member named in this request or a designee, shall be considered as read, shall not be subject to amendment, except that the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations and its Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development each may offer one pro forma amendment for the purpose of debate; and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole.  Except as otherwise specified, each amendment shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. An amendment shall be considered to fit the description stated in this request if it addresses in whole or in part the object described.  