Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment, and would observe for the House that, again, I am not in total disagreement with some of the assertions and points that he has made.  The fact is, there is no silver bullet as far as solving the energy problems we face today and in the future. He is absolutely correct. That is why the subcommittee has significantly increased funding for biofuels. That's why the subcommittee significantly increased funding for vehicle technology. That's why the subcommittee increased funding for other types of renewables. The gentleman references solar and wind, for example. That's why there's an increase in the hydrogen account. That's why there's an increase as far as maximization of power produced with hydroelectric facilities.  And so what we're trying to do is to strike a balance, and again getting back to my earlier comments about quantity and quality, we are concerned and spoke about it in the bill language, as well as the report language, about the fossil fuel program. I certainly, for one, absolutely believe that we need to do more on the issue of capturing CO2, and we have done that in this bill. We need to do more as far as in sequestration of that particular gas, but we have to do it intelligently.  The fact is, a FutureGen program that has been initiated under the Department of Energy, from my perspective, took a very bad turn in the road as people continue to look at adding bells and whistles, and we had a colloquy on that particular issue earlier in the day as well.  I would point out that FutureGen, according to the committee report, needs to be refocused as an integrated gasification combined cycle plant with carbon capture and sequestration and drop the ambiguity of other, less critical research components. The committee believes that by streamlining the design to demonstrate these factors, critical goals can be reached in a more timely and fiscally prudent fashion.  So what we're trying to do in the bill is to have a broad range of new energy sources accelerated through increased funding. We have done that with fossil but have not done so blindly. We want to make sure that that money is spent wisely, given the fact that nearly 50 percent of this country's electricity is generated today by coal-powered plants. I absolutely believe that we should pursue this research and would reluctantly oppose the gentleman's amendment.  