Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Again, I stand in opposition to the gentleman's amendment and apologize to the gentleman for having his State of origin incorrect, especially because he is from the great State of Ohio. But I would emphasize that this is the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act for the coming year, and we are in an energy crisis and it transcends the cost of the price of gasoline at the pump. It is a true economic situation and crisis that we face. It is a national security issue that we face. My good friend, the senior Senator from the State of Indiana, Senator Lugar, has characterized the energy crisis we face as the albatross around our national security neck. It is also an environmental issue as far as a potential catastrophic climate change that will occur if we do not deal with the issue of CO2.  This bill makes an investment in solving that crisis we face. It will not solve all the problems tomorrow morning, but it will put us on firm footing to do so in the future.  Let's talk about vehicle technology. The bill recommends $93 million for hybrid electric systems, an increase of $13 million over the President's request. Of the increase, $10 million is for energy storage research and development for advanced batteries for electric, hybrid electric, and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and $3 million is for independent test and evaluation of all vehicles developed in the upcoming demonstration phase.  This bill also includes $49 million for advanced combustion engine research and development, an increase of $15 million over the President's request to restore funding for heavy truck engine research that was eliminated in the administration's request.  It does include $48 million, $15 million over the budget, for materials technology research, to accelerate the development of cost-effective materials and manufacturing processes that contribute to fuel-efficient passenger and commercial vehicles.  It includes $10 million more than the administration's request for nonpetroleum-based fuels and lubricants evaluation to expand and accelerate research and development for the optimum ethanol fuel.  And we also have an increase for technology integration of $6 million in this bill for vehicle technologies and deployment, formerly the Clean Cities Program. We have moneys in here to advance geothermal technology, to demonstrate cost-share industry that will allow accelerated research into new geothermal technologies.  We have moneys in here for hydropower; for research, development, and demonstration of ocean, tidal, and in-stream hydropower energy systems. We have made an investment in this bill for electricity supply and delivery research, for applied research on semi-conductor material, device and processing issues, technology acceptance and technology evaluation.  We have investment moneys in this bill for solar energy research, and the gentleman from the State of Massachusetts talked about that briefly, to develop cost-neutral designs and technologies to better integrate solar heating and lighting into building designs. We have made an investment in this bill for facilities to research, test, and demonstrate the new renewable technologies.  It would be a mistake to change these funding levels and turn the clock back as far as trying to make progress to solve the energy problems we face in this Nation.  