Speaker, I would, first of all, like to thank Chairman Obey. Under his leadership, the Appropriations Committee, and this Congress, has moved quickly to bring resolution to the fiscal work left undone in the last Congress.  I would also like to thank my partner, Dave Hobson, who just spoke a moment ago, and all of the members of the Energy and Water Subcommittee for their dedication and cooperation. And while I am at it, I would associate myself with the remarks of Mr. Hobson relative to the negotiations with the other body.  I am disappointed that we are here today finishing a CR from last year. I would have liked my first role as the chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee to be focused on next year's responsibilities, instead of cleaning up the fiscal mess that was left to us.  Mr. Speaker, most importantly, this bill provides $300 million to improve the Department of Energy's ability to proceed with vital renewable energy and conservation research and development. This will allow the Department of Energy to pursue more technologies that would hold promise for reducing the emission of greenhouse gases and the importation of foreign oil while supporting the growth of our economy.  Given the energy crisis facing our Nation, and the implications it poses for our economy, our environment, and national security, these investments in energy research simply could not wait any longer.  This measure also provides $200 million to bolster physical science research. This increase is a first step in a long overdue improvement in government support for research into physical sciences.  Looking ahead, I hope to work with my partner, Mr. Hobson, as well as again, all of the members of the subcommittee. And I would indicate to my colleagues that I remain very concerned about the size of our weapons complex and the lack of progress being made to rationalize it in conformity to existing treaty agreements and current international circumstances.  Given this, and several other major initiatives being proposed by the Department of Energy, coupled with its fundamental failure to bring major projects in on time, let alone under budget, I will ask for the subcommittee to carefully and judiciously examine all major initiatives being undertaken so that we may fulfill our responsibility as good stewards of the people's money.  