 Yesterday on this floor, I talked about the light that Julia cast upon all of us, whether it was the twinkle in her eye or her burning desire to make the world a better place. This evening, I would like to talk about the strength of her character.  Julia, when she was a young child, had a stuttering problem; but it was corrected and she was not deterred. As a 12-year-old, her mother, who scrubbed floors and took care of families and didn't get paid if she was sick, became ill; and at some point, the money had run out. Julia went to the trustee's office to seek help, and, ultimately, cornmeal and lard were pushed across the counter to her.  When Julia was 4 years old, for the only time in her life, she met her father. Her father promised that he was going to be a constant figure in her life. He gave her $5, and he was never seen again. Her mother remarried to someone who used to beat her. And often her mother could not come to her school events because he was someplace taking care of someone else's children. And she certainly, being a product of that time and that place, was subject to racism.  In an article she wrote in March of 1996, when she was running for Congress, entitled ``My Neighbor as Myself,'' she related one of those instances. And I think it really summed up Julia, who could be very tough but also have a general touch. She wrote:  ``Another more amusing experience with racial stereotyping occurred when I worked with Congressman Andy Jacobs. One particular woman called our office quite often to complain about a wide variety of problems. I tried to be patient with her.  ``I never realized that my many conversations with this woman had all occurred on the telephone until one day when she called, quite agitated, to inform me that a horrible thing had happened: a black family had moved in next door to her.  ``It took me a minute to overcome my surprise, as she simply assumed that this competent public servant had to be white. However, after thinking about a wide assortment of possible responses, I simply replied, `It is okay, honey. Just give it a chance. I have black families living all over my neighborhood, and it has turned out all right.' '' And you could just see Julia saying that.  In the end, many people would be embittered by experiences like that, but Julia was not. And as Andy Jacobs, her very dear friend, wrote: From the physical pain of material poverty and the mindless cruel persecution of racism, Julia Carson made her choice, a choice of hard work, compassion, and a pleasing sense of humor. And heaven smiled.  And I know heaven is smiling on Julia tonight.  