Chairman, I appreciate the recognition, and I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment to strike funds in this bill for the meteorological equipment for Valparaiso University.  I first want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee Mr. Mollohan, as well as the ranking member Mr. Frelinghuysen, for their consideration of this important project.  Mr. Chairman, this earmark is relative to two issues. The first is the safety of people who live throughout the Upper Midwest.  A key element to strengthening Valparaiso's meteorology program, as the gentleman from Arizona is correct that Valparaiso is an exceptional university, is the acquisition of Doppler radar. Doppler radar at VU will be very beneficial to the millions of people living along the southern shore of Lake Michigan because that area is currently underserved by pinpoint weather forecasting. In addition to Doppler radar, VU will begin daily weather balloon launches. As the only balloon site in Indiana, Valparaiso University will supply critical data to the meteorological community.  The notoriously unpredictable weather conditions in this area, lake-effect snow in the winter and severe thunderstorms and tornados in the spring and summer months, make the presence of Doppler radar and data gathered from the balloon station critically important to the region.  The amendment also deals with the issue of strengthening our future by investing in science and the young people in our Nation. The global economy is nothing if not competitive, and in order for the United States to remain at the forefront of scientific innovation, we must work with our universities to develop and maintain world-class scientific programs.  Valparaiso is currently home to a nationally ranked meteorological program, and we must leverage this resource to advance our national scientific interests, and I believe the university is well positioned to use the funds to continue to be a national and global leader in this field.  The procurement of the latest industry standard equipment by VU's meteorological program is also vital to helping students become familiar with the technology they will encounter after graduation as they go on to pursue careers that include the Air Force, NASA and the National Science Foundation. The purchase of new equipment will enable Valparaiso students to conduct more undergraduate research, as they will have access to a greater variety of data and the ability to archive it.  I strongly oppose the gentleman's amendment, and again thank the Chair and ranking member.  Mr. Chairman, I will yield back my time.  