Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment. Mr. Chairman, the water and related resources account funds Reclamation's core missions of delivering water to citizens of this country, to those who till the soil in our country, and for generating hydropower.  Given the growing need for water supplies in the 17 Western States of this country, I certainly believe it is critical that the Nation invest now in water reclamation and reuse projects for the future.  This account also provides very important funds for rural water supply projects for tribal and rural communities, contributing to meeting the United States' trust responsibilities to Indian reservations through the delivery of safe drinking water.  I share the gentleman's concern about health programs in the United States, and I can't think of anything more important than ensuring that people in 17 different States of this country have clean water to drink. And how shortsighted it would be to cut programs that provide clean drinking water for human health, so that we can spend untold sums of money on their health care after they get sick. If you want to talk about something that is penny-wise and pound-foolish, we have found it this afternoon.  This is a health amendment. If we take these moneys away, we will do a disservice to the health of the people who live in these regions. As with the Corps of Engineers, Reclamation's infrastructure is aging, and it has increasing requirements for proper and adequate maintenance of its infrastructure.  But 17 States cover a large area and swath of the continent. But I'm just wondering which citizens in which communities are we going to tell we just can't help you this year because we might have accepted the gentleman's amendment. Are we going to tell people in Wichita, Kansas, the Wichita Cheney program that maybe they're not going to get all of their money?  Are we going to tell people at Lakehead, Nevada that well, we had to make a cut of $55 million, and you're just not going to have the resources you need?  Or people in Oregon for the Crooked River project, are we going to tell them well, there's just not enough money now?  Are we going to, in the State of Colorado, tell people in Pine River that we had to make a cut?  In Texas, are we going to tell people for the Canadian River project that there just wasn't enough money to go around, or at Moon Lake in the State of Utah that we're sorry, Congress dropped the ball? Or for the Colombia River Basin project, that somehow there was a shortfall in us meeting our responsibilities?  The gentleman's correct. This is a health amendment. This is clean drinking water for people who live in 17 States in the United States of America provided through infrastructure that is aging. We have a responsibility to invest in that, and that is why I'm strongly opposed to the gentleman's amendment.  