Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment.  I appreciate what the gentleman wants to do. We certainly share a concern about global warming. We also share a desire to ensure that we have a viable nuclear industry in the near term as well as the long term. Where there would be a difference of opinion is the balance that needs to be struck in this legislation to accomplish both of those goals.  I would point out that the legislation that has been reported to the House has done everything possible to ensure that the nuclear industry can move forward. For example, we have fully funded the President's request for $494 million for Yucca Mountain to make sure that they can meet their deadline for the submission of a license for the waste repository in June of 2008. The industry clearly needs the repository.  The House bill includes $167.8 million for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, something that I think the gentleman would agree is critically necessary as far as the licensing procedures in the shorter term. This is a $17.1 million increase over the administration's request, more than 10 percent more. And I would point out that in the continuing resolution for fiscal year 2007, this was one of the few accounts that this subcommittee specifically also increased. We also include $15 million within the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for nuclear engineering scholarships that were proposed for termination by the administration, because if we do not have new, bright talent in those educational facilities under scholarship, we are not going to have a future.  And we did include moneys for Nuclear Power 2010. It is the same level as the current fiscal year. I would point out, Mr. Chairman, that this is a direct payment to utilities undergoing the NRC license process and no other sector of the energy portion of this country receives this type of Federal assistance.  The gentleman would take the money from Generation IV nuclear energy systems by having the moneys reduced. I would point out that the subcommittee went to great lengths to increase moneys for Generation IV. We are supportive of the light water reactors that are going to be coming online in the near term. We want to make sure we have that next generation of reactors online as well for the future, one that can not only provide electrical industry to our Nation that is needed but also potentially produce the hydrogen for the new economy we are looking for. We have provided those moneys and would not want to see them cut.  Additionally, we had a debate and conversation earlier today about the mixed oxide program that previously had been designated a nonproliferation item. We have correctly moved it into the Energy Department as far as their accounts and would point out that $689 million between unobligated balances, between the spending for '07 and between what is included in this bill, is included for MOX.  So we have been more than generous, and I also think we have struck the right balance to ensure that we do have an industry starting up in the near term and one that has a long-term, safe future for the generation of energy in this country.  