Chairman, I appreciate the recognition, and I rise in strong and adamant opposition to the gentleman's amendment. During my remarks, I would like to make three points and also indicate that this project is in the City of Rensselaer, Indiana, at St. Joseph's College. It is for the restoration of a historic theater that continues to be used by the faculty and students of the school, as well as the constituents and citizens of Rensselaer and Jasper County, Indiana.  The total cost for the renovation of this project is about $965,000. The request and approval by the subcommittee was for $100,000. I would want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Dicks, as well as the ranking member, my good friend, Mr. Tiahrt, for their consideration of this very important project.  The first point I do want to make is that this has great value to the community in which it is situated. While the gentleman who offered the amendment enumerated a whole series of other possible projects in another State, that is not the subject of this amendment. It is the restoration of a historic theater at St. Joseph's College in Rensselaer.  It was built in 1914 and designed in revival style, referred to as Collegiate Gothic. It is located in the college's historic district, and the goal of the project is to restore the theater as an attractive, useful centerpiece for the college and the City of Rensselaer while retaining its notable contribution among historic sites and structures in the great State of Indiana.  The second point I would want to make, and I would take off on the remarks made by the chairman, is he suggested that we have a right to spend this money. I agree with that assertion. I would take it a step further and say, we have a responsibility to make an investment in this country. We need to invest to preserve the past so we can continue to learn its lessons. We need to invest in this country for our present and for those who live here today. We need to invest in this country and its infrastructure for the future of this Nation and for the children of this generation and those yet to come. We have a responsibility as well as a right.  The gentleman from Washington, Mr. Dicks, also mentioned we are here to help each other out. I would conclude by stressing that point.  While I have a great deal of respect for the gentleman from the Fifth District of Texas, I happen to represent the First District in Indiana, and the last time I looked, society and the purpose of us joining together in a free government is to help each other out and to look out for each others' interests.  It is not the government that is paying this money, as the gentleman indicated; it is the people of this country who are paying for this project in Rensselaer, Indiana, that has value, which is the same reason why I think it is absolutely appropriate that taxpayers in places like east Chicago, Indiana, and Hobart, Indiana, expend some of their tax moneys as individuals to help the City of Dallas, for example, with their floodway to ensure that there is not property damage in the future, that there is not loss of life, that there is not injury to others in this country.  It is why I think there is a noble reason to ask people who live in Lowell, Indiana, and Chesterton, Indiana, and Gary, Indiana, to help fund research taking place at Oak Ridge in Tennessee. At first blush, why should we have an interest in making that investment? Because it inures to the benefit of not only everyone who lives in the United States, but everyone worldwide.  We should get over this concept that we have to be parochial in what we do and get over this concept that we should be selfish about what we are about. We are here to make an investment, and, as the gentleman from Washington rightfully pointed out, to help each other out.  So I strongly oppose the gentleman's amendment. I absolutely think it is bad policy, and I would ask my colleagues' support.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  