377, the United States and Poland Parliamentary Youth Exchange Program Act of 2007. I am the sponsor of the House version of this legislation, and I would like to thank my 13 colleagues, including the gentleman from Connecticut, who are cosponsors of the measure.  I would especially like to thank the distinguished senior Senator from the State of Indiana, Richard Lugar, for originating this legislation and introducing it in the other body. And I would be remiss if I did not thank the chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from American Samoa (Mr. Faleomavaega), as well as the ranking member of the full committee, the gentlelady from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), as well as Mr. Lantos and the members of the committee for their consideration of the measure.  It is my sincere hope that this legislation will become the foundation for future youth exchange programs around the world. As technology and transportation makes the world more and more interconnected, it is essential that our youth and future leaders have firsthand experiences in other cultures when making decisions. A lot can be learned about a different culture from a book or a picture, but it is not nearly the same as living, studying and working in another culture for an entire year, which is what the U.S.-Poland Parliamentary Youth Exchange Program will enable youths from American and Polish high schools to do.  Senator Lugar has been a guiding light in promoting cultural exchange programs between America and countless other countries throughout his tenure, and it has been my privilege to work with him on this legislation. The Senator's genuine interest in the cultures of the world is reflected in all his actions, and he understands the priceless value of cultural exchange programs as embodied in the U.S. and Poland Parliamentary Youth Exchange Program. This program will have a profound effect on the youth of our two countries, and it can only strengthen the unbreakable friendship between the United States and Poland.  I too am very proud of the Polish community in Indiana's First Congressional District. This proud community is an integral part of the greater northwest area community in Indiana, and enhances the culture of my district in countless ways. I am happy that the U.S. and Poland Youth Exchange Program will allow all facets of the Polish culture to be experienced firsthand by American youth.  Madam Speaker, we should not delay in this opportunity for our youth to be immersed in Poland's rich culture and in this opportunity to share our culture with Polish youth. And I would urge my colleagues to support the measure.  