Speaker, I yield to the majority leader for the purpose of giving us the schedule for the week to come.  Mr. Speaker, before I yield, however, to the majority leader, I want to join all of our colleagues in saying how very grateful we are and pleased we are with the return of the majority whip, Steve Scalise. All of us who sat here and heard Steve, our friend and colleague, give his reaction not only to the hateful, vicious action that took place as he was practicing for the charity baseball game where Republicans and Democrats come together to raise funds for young people and people who need help, and they do so together in a spirit of good will and common purpose, I think Steve Scalise, our majority whip, spoke movingly, and I am sure all Members were impressed with his courage and with his comments about that which is important.  He talked about his prayers having been answered and the prayers of literally millions of people around this country. And in talking about some of the world leaders who called him and expressed their concern, because they knew, as he said and as Leader Pelosi said: An attack on Steve Scalise was an attack on us all, and it was an attack on our democracy and an attack on peacefully resolving differences, no matter how strongly they may be held--a lesson for all of us.  I want to congratulate and thank Jennifer, his extraordinary wife, who shouldered a responsibility and a burden that she did not expect and, as Steve said, did it with great courage and great grace. His children, Madison and Harrison, and their entire family, I know, were responsible for Steve being able to be back here with us, and so we thank them.  He is back with us today, and we look forward to him being a vigorous, as he was and is, part of the deliberations of this House and of reaching decisions in a positive, constructive way.  Steve and I have a difference of opinion on whose crabs are better. We had a crab dinner not too long ago, my staff and his staff, and he brought some crabs up from Louisiana, I brought some crabs from Maryland, and it was a split decision as to which were the best. It will not surprise you who was for which crab.  Today, we are filled with joy to see him back on the floor and on the road to full recovery.  We also continue to be grateful for the recovery of U.S. Capitol Police Officers Crystal Griner and David Bailey. I want to join Steve, and I know all of our Members, as we rose and clapped to show our respect and our appreciation for those in the Capitol Police.  Some of us are privileged to, as Steve pointed out, have a detail, and they become family. We are so impressed with their commitment, their talent, the extraordinary training that they have received and display every day; and, of course, Crystal Griner and David Bailey responded and, in responding, were injured themselves. They put their lives at risk for not only Steve Scalise but for all the Members who were on the field at that point in time.  I want to join Steve, and I know all of our colleagues and the majority leader, in expressing appreciation and great respect for those who serve us in the Capitol Police.  I say to my friend, the majority whip--he has left the floor now--we are glad to have you back. I wrote him a note this morning saying whatever I could do to help him, I was available to do that. I am sure he took it that that did not mean I necessarily would vote the way he wants me to vote, nor did I think he would vote necessarily the way I wanted him to vote, but we will continue in this great institution we call the House of Representatives, but, as Steve called it and I call it and so many of us call it, the people's House.  Every 2 years, they send us back here to try to make policy to make their lives better and our country stronger, and, more than the public knows, we work together to accomplish that objective. They see the confrontations, but they don't always see the cooperation.  Now, at this time, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader, my friend--we cooperate more than people will see from time to time, I want to thank him for that--for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, before I give the schedule, I do want to say today was a day that was very good to see our dear friend, Steve Scalise, make it back.  As the gentleman said, an attack on him was an attack on the entire institution. I was there that day in the hospital, my wife and I, and waiting for Jennifer to arrive, and Steve, going through those surgeries. The number of times we would go back to visit, he is the strongest man I have ever known. I thought his speech today was fantastic.  It is from the heart that he first would seek God's guidance. The strength of Jennifer--I watched Madison and Harrison spend their entire summer in that hospital for their father, and for him to be able to walk back here as soon as he did and the excitement in his face when he was able to cast that vote, I know Steve is going to continue to get stronger as he goes, and he thanks everybody for the help they provided.  We should not forget the spirit that this floor had today. We should take that spirit into the days forward and continue it. We can disagree, but it takes an unbelievable terrible situation, at times, to remind us of the human spirit we have for one another, and I want to make sure, even for myself, that I remember those moments in times of the most heated debates.  So with that, Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.  And on Friday, no votes are expected in the House.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  Now, in addition, the House will consider H.R. 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, also, as I like to call it, ``Micah's Law.''  Mr. Speaker, I spent some time on Tuesday with a young boy named Micah. Micah gave me this bracelet, ``Miracles for Micah,'' and I wear it because Micah was born premature at 20 weeks. If you look at a picture of Micah, he was the size of a bag of M&Ms. Today, he is happy, he is healthy, he is 5 years old, and no one would know the difference.  Mr. Speaker, all life is a miracle, and we have an obligation here to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves.  I look forward to the House passing this compassionate bill next week that will protect the lives of countless others just like Micah.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will take up the FY18 budget resolution. Our Republican budget balances within 10 years, provides for a strong national defense, eliminates burdensome regulations, and cracks down on waste, fraud, and abuse. Passing this budget will also enable tax reform, which is the key to economic growth and seeing that Americans take home more of their hard-earned dollars.  I thank Chairman Black and the entire Budget Committee--and especially you, Mr. Speaker--for their hard work on this bill.  