Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the schedule of regulations to come. I am sure we will have some discussions about that next week. In fact, we are going to have some discussions about all of these regulations which we believe reduce the protections, according to the American people, by a number of the regulations that are sought to be repealed.  However, first, Mr. Speaker, let me note that, first of all, we have another Ben in Maryland. He is the senior Senator, a former colleague of ours, Ben Cardin. He had a TV ad which ended with ``My Friend, Ben.''  I want to say hi to my friend Ben, who has--indeed, as all of you know, I think the staff that serve with us make such an extraordinarily positive difference, and they sometimes--or most of the time--rise above what might be the partisan confrontation that Members have and continue to try to reach consensus so that this institution will run positively and well for the American people. Ben Howard has been one of those people.  I know that Shuwanza Goff, who sits next to me and is my floor director, has worked very positively with Ben through the years and appreciates very much his working with us. Kelly also falls into that category.  But Ben, we are going to miss you. I am sure that wherever you go, you are going to advantage the enterprise that you associate with. Olney, Maryland, is one of our thriving communities in Maryland. We are always proud of our Marylanders, and they always do a good job.  So I will say to him, Godspeed. I don't want to wish Penn State a lot of success, but, nevertheless, I do want to wish you a lot of success, Ben. Thank you very much for your service.  Now let me move on to, perhaps, some subjects that we might not have as much agreement on as we do have on Ben Howard and his quality and the service he has given this institution.  One of the first acts of Congress, of course, as you know, Mr. Leader, which was the plan, was to begin the reconciliation process to repeal the Affordable Care Act. The budget resolution set a deadline of January 27 for committees to report legislation repealing the law. It is now the 3rd of February, and after voting 65 times to repeal the ACA, House and Senate Republicans, Mr. Speaker, do not have, as far as I know, and don't appear to have, a replacement and are, as I read in the papers, Mr. Speaker, divided on the path forward.  Repealing the ACA without replacing it immediately will not only cause 30 million Americans to lose their coverage, but it would increase the cost for tens of millions more and would, I suggest, disadvantage everybody who has insurance, and clearly those who do not and would not have access.  Mark Meadows, who chairs the House Freedom Caucus, said: ``We need to slow down the process so we can understand a little bit more the specifics and the timetable of replacement votes and reconciliation instructions. . . .''  That was in Politico on January 9 of this year.  Senator Bob Corker, in the Senate, said: ``There's more and more concerns about not doing'' repeal and replace ``simultaneously. You would think after 6 years, we would have a pretty good sense of what we would like to do.''  We have not seen a repeal and replace bill. The President said it ought to be done contemporaneously. Bob Corker and others have said it ought to be done contemporaneously. We haven't seen it. So my question, Mr. Majority Leader, is: Does the gentleman expect that if repeal does move forward, that a replacement bill would be considered simultaneously?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I am not sure if, in the beginning of your question, you want us to speed up or slow down, but I thank the gentleman for the question.  