 Mr. Speaker, we have had, literally, tens of thousands of hearings that have dealt with almost every issue that thisHouse considers. I suppose I should take from the majority leader's discussion that, if we have had those hearings in previous Congresses, in the last Congress, the Congress before that, the Congress before that, and we have a substantial number of new Members in this House, and we have millions and millions of voters who are counting on this, we will just simply tell them: Read the transcript of 2002 or of 2009 or of 2013. That is not regular order, Mr. Speaker.  Regular order is you introduce a bill. It is referred to a committee, which in turn refers it to a subcommittee, and, even if it keeps it in the bosom of the full committee, it has a hearing. It posts the bill. It tells citizens throughout this country: If you have an interest, come in and tell us what your interest is, what your perspective is, what you think the ramifications of this bill are. The subcommittee marks it up, if it was referred to a subcommittee, then the full committee marks it up, and then it is referred to the floor. That is regular order, Mr. Speaker.  To rationalize a procedure which has a bill introduced Monday night and is subjected to 26 hours, straight, of markup on the following Wednesday, less than 48 hours later, no matter how you dress it up, that is not, Mr. Speaker, regular order.  What it is is trying to jam through a bill before the American public has an opportunity to tell us what they think about the bill. What it is is jamming through a bill and not allowing the providers, the doctors, the patients, the insurance companies, all of the stakeholders, to have an opportunity to read that bill introduced about 72 hours ago now--a little more than that, maybe close to 96.  That, Mr. Speaker, is not regular order. And I will tell my friend for whom I have a great deal of respect, I think he puts the best face on it, but nobody believed the Republicans had a bill, Mr. Speaker, until Monday night. Well, actually, I believed they had a bill at the last colloquy, and I looked for it all over this Capitol. I couldn't find it. It wasn't posted. The ranking member on the committee didn't have it. No committee Democrat had the bill. They couldn't read it.  So to pretend, Mr. Speaker, that hearings on some other bill at some other time in some other Congress suffices for regular order is something, Mr. Speaker, I cannot agree with. And if the situations were reversed, as I have experienced over the last 36 years, that side of the aisle would have torn this place apart. Why do I think that? Because I have seen it.  Yes, we had some delaying, four motions to adjourn, so that we had some time to figure out what this bill was about and some time to hear from the American people. It certainly wasn't enough time. We are going to be hearing more from the American people, I think, Mr. Speaker.  I appreciate the gentleman trying to say that, well, we only had 48 hours. Sometimes, Mr. Speaker, we do that in a hurry. And the reason is because we are about to go on a break. We are about to go on an August break or a recess or something of that nature. That is not the case. These committees didn't have to meet through the night. They could have met Thursday. They could have met today. They could meet next week. But this bill is being rushed through too fast with too much adverse consequence to the American people.  I would hope the majority leader would slow this bill down. I hope the Rules Committee has full hearings on this bill and that it does not have just attenuated hearings with few witnesses, because there are a lot of people who want to tell us, their Representatives, what their view is of this bill.  I know the Speaker has said there are going to be three phases to this bill, and the majority leader said so as well, and there will be additional legislation. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that my friend, the majority leader, will urge the committees not to consider additional legislation either in the middle of the night or with no notice and no opportunity for witnesses and no hearings.  Previous hearings will not suffice, Mr. Speaker. Other Congresses had hearings. This Congress has a responsibility to hear from the American people. That is what Speaker Ryan said; that is what Mr. Brady said; that is what Mr. Walden said. They said it at a time when they were in the minority, but it ought to apply when they are in the majority. And if we are in the majority, it ought to apply to us as well. I hope that happens, Mr. Speaker, for the country's sake, for our people's sake.  I will yield to the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, if he would like to speak.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I appreciate the gentleman's comments.  Mr. Speaker, I do want to remind people, when you use reconciliation, what is the process? Well, the process states you have the authorizing committee post and they mark up. We did that. Budget Committee marks up. They will do that next week. Rules Committee will meet, then it comes to the House floor.  I will never apologize for having 113 hearings on repealing and replacing ObamaCare. I will never apologize for having all the witnesses in.  And I love that you bring a lot of quotes of people inside that are elected, but I will be very frank. The quotes I love and the quotes I care most about are the ones that come from my constituents.  For some reason, this idea that this is a complex issue but you had hearings before so you are going to forget all about those hearings, why do we have committees? Why do you keep Members on your own side of the aisle on the same committees? To build expertise, to solve big problems. So, no, they don't forget what they learned in those hearings.  But let me read you quotes from a few constituents.  ``Dear Kevin, thank you for your diligence in these disruptive political times. I have several concerns.  ``ObamaCare blew us out of the water. I retired early as an RN due to health problems, so I have to pay for my entire health insurance. I am not complaining about that, but I am tired of having premiums go through the roof. I lost my doctor and my plan.  ``In 2017 there were few options without a $5,000 deductible. If I have to pay that much first, then why pay for insurance? Our income is not huge. We cannot afford this.''  Or from another constituent: ``Dear Kevin, I just wanted to convey that I strongly feel legislative action is needed to fix the ACA.  ``My family deductible has increased over $3,000 a year--it used to be $1,000 8 years ago--and I practically only have health insurance in case a catastrophic accident were to occur.  ``Also, my sister-in-law can no longer work more than 29 hours a week since her employer does not want to have to provide insurance. That is ridiculous.''  Or: ``Dear Kevin, I just got my 2017 health insurance renewal notice, $650 per month, up 20 percent. I am 60 years old, have worked and saved all my life, so I don't qualify for subsidies. I can't go without insurance, but I can't pay for it either. Something needs to be done. I am so upset that I am crying right now.''  But my friend, Mr. Speaker, on the other side of the aisle says to wait to help these people. Forget about the 113 hearings, even though it is more than the 70-some that ObamaCare had, or 123 pages is too much instead of 2,700.  I will never apologize for having the wisdom to listen and, now, the courage to lead. But I will promise you this, Mr. Speaker, and my friend on the other side of the aisle: I have never come to this floor to offer to adjourn just to disrupt the process.  And, yes, I had Members on our side of the aisle that would get frustrated that Democrats would offer an amendment that just dealt with a hashtag. No, let's let them have their say. If they feel that is important for American health care, to put a hashtag name change, then let's spend hours on it. Because we believe in the process, we will defend your right to have that process even though it will not help one constituent of mine or yours.  But you want to spend your time doing that? We will do that. And we did do that. That is why we worked through the night. But we will not give up on the American people. That is why we are doing what we are doing, and I thank the gentleman for yielding.  