Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that, and I would urge the Speaker and the majority leader to engage with others because I think that would be useful in facilitating the reaching of an agreement. I know that Leader Pelosi and I will also be available to the extent that we could facilitate that.  I know there are some thorny, tough issues still outstanding, but I know the majority leader agrees with me that the funding of government on a sporadic basis on a continuing resolution is very bad for morale of the Federal service, very bad for anybody who wants to plan on how to execute their obligations and responsibilities, and frankly very disconcerting not only to the American people but to people around the world who contemplate the shutdown of the Government of the United States of America on which so much of the world relies for some degree of stability. It is simply not a thing that we ought to be doing. So I would urge the leader and myself to be as engaged as we need to be to get us to that objective next week.  Secondly, Mr. Majority Leader, I know we had some discussion about a healthcare bill. The Affordable Care Act, as you know, we think is working. We think, working together, we can make it better. I know the majority leader and his party disagree with that and want to see it repealed and that there is legislation to do that.  The majority leader did not mention it in his comments, but does he anticipate the American Health Care Act, with or without amendments, being considered next week?  I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I know we have had many discussions in regards to this, and we have a very strong difference of opinion.  I would believe those individuals that have lost their doctors and that have lost their health care entirely, that they do not have someone providing it. If you look within Tennessee and one-third of the entire country, they only have one provider. There are challenges. We cannot continue to sit back and just watch ObamaCare fail. We have to do something about it.  We had committees work through a bill. We have made great progress over the Easter break. Members have been talking to one another. Members have seen a new amendment to add to the bill. They have been looking at it this week, and I anticipate as soon as Members have looked through that that we will bring that bill to the floor.  I don't have anything scheduled for next week. But as soon as a bill is scheduled, we will notify you. I anticipate the Members reading through it this weekend, and, as soon as possible, we will bring that bill to the floor.  