Speaker, I was here in 1981. They said the 1981 bill would pay for itself.  David Stockman, a former colleague from Michigan, was here. He was at OMB. A few years later, he wrote a book and he said: I said it would pay for itself, and I knew that was not true.  The same can be said of this bill.  Mr. Speaker, history will indeed remember this vote. Future generations of Americans will remember who cast their votes to raise taxes on 86 million middle class households and heap another $1.5 trillion in deficits onto our children and our grandchildren.  They will remember who cast their votes for a plan that gives 83 percent of its benefits to 1 percent of the American people.  They will remember that President Trump promised that the middle class would get a tax cut and wealthy individuals like him would not, before turning his back on that promise.  They will remember those who cast their vote to kick 13 million Americans off their health insurance coverage.  They will remember those who acted with the full knowledge that their votes would trigger a $25 billion cut to Medicare. I know you said you are going to waive it, which would simply add $25 billion more to the deficit.  Posterity will also remember those who stood up in the face of this dangerous and partisan bill and said ``no.'' Those of us who vote against it are doing so not because we oppose tax reform. On the contrary. We recognize, as most Americans do, that this bill is not tax reform. It is a tax giveaway to those who don't need our help, paid for by those who need it the most. This is reckless and dangerous deficit spending at its worst.  In 1986, Democrats and Republicans worked together in good faith and over many months in an open, transparent, and regular order process to craft real, bipartisan tax reform that helped the middle class without adding a dime to the deficit. Not a single dime.  This has not been an open process. This has not been bipartisan. This has not been transparent or through regular order.  This raises taxes, as I said, on 86 million Americans, who will pay more taxes 10 years from now than they do today. It gives 83 percent of the tax cuts to the top 1 percent, not the $59,000 family that Paul Ryan talked about, but to those families making over $900,000 a year.  