 Now, Mr. Leader, I was shocked yesterday to learn that the process that, from my perspective and our side's perspective, was extraordinarily accelerated, undermining the opportunity for careful and thorough consideration, the bill that is known as the American Health Care Act, or otherwise known as the bill to attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That bill, as the gentleman knows, was introduced on March 6. It had not a single hearing and was marked up less than 2 full days later in the Ways and Means Committee, on March 8. It was marked up on March 8 and 9 in the Energy and Commerce Committee, in the Budget Committee on March 16, in the Rules Committee on March 22, and brought to the floor with a CBO score on March 23. In other words, in my view, Mr. Speaker, it moved so quickly that no one could have given it thoughtful consideration. In fact, Mr. Speaker, on March 24, that bill was brought to the floor, was subjected to some debate, and then was pulled. The judgment was made that, apparently, it was not ready for prime time.  That bill was then brought back to the floor some 2-plus weeks, about 2 weeks later, on Thursday, May 4 of this year. It was passed on a Thursday, notwithstanding the fact it had not been noted for consideration on Thursday at the beginning of the week or in the week prior. It passed on a vote of 217-213, with a significant number of Republicans voting against it and a significant number of Republicans who voted for it saying ``no, I haven't read the bill'' in response to inquiries from the press.  That afternoon, Mr. Speaker, there were buses out in front of the Capitol to take my Republican colleagues down to the White House to cheer its passage, an accomplishment of what our Republican colleagues had pledged for 6 years.  Mr. Speaker, you can imagine my shock, chagrin, and surprise when I learned yesterday that bill has not gone to the Senate. Apparently, it has gone from one chair to maybe the other chair in the desks before me. It has been held, Mr. Speaker. It has been held because there was no CBO score to ensure that, in fact, it complied with the rules.  A lot of talk about regular order, Mr. Speaker.  So the bill that was cheered at the White House and the President saying ``I'm so glad this passed,'' apparently, may not have passed this House in a form that is consistent with the rules. And so, my colleagues, I want you to know that you may think you have passed the bill, but it is still here 2 weeks later.  I am not sure, Mr. Speaker, why we couldn't have waited for a CBO score, other than the political imperative of going home and having Members be able to say, ``We passed the bill.''  Well, it is still here, folks. It is still within the bosom of the House, warmly embraced, aging, unfortunately, not to perfection.  And so, Mr. Speaker, I would ask the majority leader: When might we pass this bill? Is the bill going to have another hearing? Are we going to wait for the CBO score? And will another vote be necessary to, again, confirm the 217-213 votes?  I will not ask you whether or not you think you still have 217 votes, but let me ask you: When might this bill be considered again on this floor? And when might this bill go to the United States Senate, as everybody thought it had on the 4th of May?  I yield to my friend, the majority leader, Mr. Speaker.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I thank him for his long question.  