Leader, obviously, we are very concerned about the Affordable Care Act, but we are also very concerned--as we talked about executiveorders on this refugee ban that were issued, according to almost everybody, without much consultation with anybody other than within the White House--of an order banning Muslim refugees from coming into this country even after very strong vetting.  I know that the position is, oh, this is not a ban. The complication you have to that representation is the President keeps mentioning it as a ban, as he said he was going to do in the election, and he referred to it as a ban just a few days ago. But I would point out to you, Mr. Leader--and I am sure you know this--not a single terrorist act--not one--has been perpetrated by a refugee coming into this country from any one of the seven nations mentioned in the ban. We believe this is not only contrary to the Constitution but that it is contrary to our principles.  Let me make it clear, Mr. Leader, so that there is no confusion: nobody on this side of the aisle doesn't want to make America's borders secure, America's land and assets safe, and the American people safe. Every one of us on this side of the aisle wants to make sure that that happens, and we certainly want to make sure that the vetting is appropriate. As the majority leader knows, the vetting today is a very long and very careful process. We believe this ban alienates our allies and emboldens terrorists who are now saying: See, this really is a war on Islam.  That will not be consistent with the safety of our men and women whom we have at the point of the spear and will not be consistent to the safety and security of our allies in the Middle East.  Senators McCain and Graham have said exactly that.  They pointed out:  ``Our government has a responsibility to defend our borders, but we must do so in a way that makes us safer and upholds all that is decent and exceptional about our nation.'' This is John McCain and Lindsey Graham. ``It is clear from the confusion at our airports across the nation that President Trump's executive order was not properly vetted.'' Senator Graham and Senator McCain, chairman of the Armed Services Committee and the gentleman from South Carolina.  They go on:  ``We are particularly concerned by reports that this order went into effect with little to no consultation with the Departments of State, Defense, Justice, and Homeland Security. Such a hasty process risks harmful results.'' This continues to be a quote by Senator McCain and Senator Graham. ``Ultimately, we fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism.'' Senator McCain knows something about increased risk.  He went on to say, along with Senator Graham:  ``This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security.'' They said that on the 29th of January, just 4 days ago.  At least four times this week, Mr. Leader, we asked for the consideration of H.R. 724, which rescinds and defunds the refugee ban. The Speaker said, when he took office initially--and he repeated this year--that we were going to have an open, transparent process and that we would consider the important issues of the day on this floor, with an opportunity for every Member of this House to offer alternatives.  I know the committee would not report it out, but this is a critical issue to our country, to our safety, and to our values; and I ask the gentleman:  Is there a possibility that you would bring to the floor next week or the week thereafter--preferably next week--H.R. 724 so that the Members of this House--the people's Representatives--could speak to this critically important issue consistent with the observations of Senator McCain and Senator Graham?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I listened to the Speaker when he took office, too, and he also said ``regular order.'' In the schedule for next week, it is not on the list.  The executive order signed by the President, really, as you know, is based on legislation that passed this House with overwhelming bipartisan support. It was following the attacks over the past 2 years. It was the SAFE Act that passed this House 289-137, and the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act that passed by 407-19. I will point out that these two bills received veto-proof majorities, and President Obama signed the visa waiver bill into law.  President Trump's actions are temporary pauses and reassess our vetting procedures to keep our country safe. While there was, certainly, some confusion with how this was implemented over the weekend, the Secretary of Homeland Security is effectively addressing key issues to ensure legal permanent residents who are returning to our country are allowed entry unless our security services have a compelling reason to suggest otherwise. America remains a place of refuge for those seeking peace, freedom, and opportunity across the world.  Now, my friend knows, because we have been in meetings this week, that our rhetoric matters. Other people listen to what we say. In these types of situations, especially with a new administration, I have always told my children: at any time in a situation, let's take a deep breath; let's not lose our heads. Especially with a brand new administration, I try to give them the benefit of the doubt. They don't have their Cabinet there yet. Let's let them get their footing. It is not a ban--it is a pause. It is based upon two pieces of legislation that passed this House.  You love to quote people; so if I may:  ``House Democrats and House Republicans have no greater priority than keeping Americans safe. This is neither a partisan issue nor is it a partisan difference. Many Americans are frustrated with the pace of progress against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. I want to see the administration and Congress working together to protect our Nation. The reforms in this bill are an excellent start.  ``This legislation will make it easier for law enforcement to vet those visitors who are coming from Visa Waiver countries, such as in Europe, to ensure that we are not admitting those who have traveled to places like Iraq and Syria and link up with ISIS.''  That was said by you.  