 Given the fact that, as the gentleman has pointed out, this was made a major issue by the administration during the campaign, in light of the fact that there are many members of his own administration who believe the wall will not work and is not the most effective way to do what all of us agree ought to be done, and that is to keep our border secure and to make sure that we know who is coming into the United States of America--I think that is a unanimous position, frankly, of the Members of this House.  This border wall, as I understand it, is in none of the four bills that have been marked up by the committee. Therefore, my presumption is the Rules Committee is, in some fashion, going to add this. If they add it, frankly, to the rule and that it is adopted as a result of the adoption of the rule, that will preclude a vote on the wall.  Now, I know the gentleman doesn't like me to quote his book, but it seems to me, in the book, every issue was going to be taken on its own, discretely, and that Members of the House would be able to work their will.  If it is in the rule, that is, I think, not consistent with that ability of Members of the House to fully debate whether or not we ought to be putting billions and billions and billions of dollars into a wall and whether or not that wall would be effective to accomplish the objective.  Madam Speaker, can the gentleman assure me that it will not be simply included and assumed to be adopted by the adoption of the rule itself and will, in fact, be an amendment on which the House can engage and work its will?  Madam Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  He brings up a point about the security of our border. It was a debate nationally, but it wasn't a new debate. It is a debate that actually happened on this floor a short amount of time ago. We all remember the Secure Fence Act. It was actually debated right before I was elected.  We got veto-proof majorities in both the House and Senate. Sixty-four Democrats voted for that bill on this floor, 80 of 100 Senators.  I would like to note once again, who were those Senators who voted for this? It was Hillary Clinton; at the time, Senator Barack Obama; Senator Joe Biden; and Senator Chuck Schumer. So it is not a new challenge.  But the gentleman will be thankful that we have taken the new technology and also applied it within this bill for border security. We have levees. We have dams as well. We have taken the ideas on all sides. The American public has requested this. I can't promise what the Rules Committee will do, just as I would never ask you to promise what one of the committees is going to do.  Just as you quote my book--and I don't get upset with you quoting my book. You should buy it and read it more. Buy more books. The whole staff should be reading my book.  