Speaker, he did not answer my question, however. Will people have an opportunity to testify on this bill? The answer is no. No American will have an opportunity to come to a hearing.  In 1968, the gentleman from California, the majority leader, was not here. I was here. We had hearings over months, both sides of the aisle. Over 450 witnesses testified not on tax bills that may have been offered at some time in the future, including the Camp bill.  When the Camp bill, Mr. Speaker, was reported--actually, it wasn't reported. When it was put on the table by Chairman Camp from Michigan, who is now retired, the Speaker's response was, when asked by the press, ``What are you going to do with that bill?'' he said, blah, blah, blah, blah. In other words, what he was saying was all talk. We are not going to do anything with that bill, and that bill never saw the light of day.  It was paid for, Mr. Speaker. It was tough love. I didn't agree with everything in the Camp bill, but I congratulate Congressman Camp for having the courage to put a bill on the floor that was paid for, not creating $1.5 trillion in additional debt that our children will have to pay. They are not here to testify either.  I don't want to really get into a debate on the specifics. We are going to have a lot of time to do that next week, and I intend to do it next week, but he talked about small businesses being reduced to 25 percent. They will be if they make over $500,000.  That is why the NFIB is not for this bill, Mr. Speaker, talking about small business. They are the spokespersons for small businesses, and they are not for this bill.  We will talk about the substance, but the process mirrors the process for the Affordable Care Act: no hearings, no witnesses, very, very little time for the public or the Congress to digest the substance of this bill dropped yesterday. It is going to be marked up on Monday. That is 96 hours to consider a bill well over 500 pages.  Mr. Speaker, I asked about process. The reason I asked about process and regular order is because regular order provides for input from the people we serve, the public, about whether the bill is good, bad, or indifferent and how it will impact them.  We are going to debate it here. We represent those people. But regular order is hearing from them before we act, not after we act.  Yes, we are replicating the Affordable Care Act: put on the table, quickly passed, jammed through, sent to the Senate. And it didn't work, Mr. Speaker. I don't think this will work either.  I was here in 1986, Mr. Speaker, when Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan, Bob Packwood, who was the Republican's chair of the Senate Finance Committee, and Dan Rostenkowski from Illinois, the Democratic chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, worked together with Jim Baker, the former Secretary of State but then Secretary of the Treasury, worked with us tocome up with a bill that could be passed. And it was passed, Mr. Speaker, with overwhelming votes from both sides of the aisle. It was the last time we passed tax reform. Since then, we have just passed tax cuts.  Under Ronald Reagan, we passed a tax cut in 1981. The deficit increased under Ronald Reagan 189 percent. Under George H.W. Bush, the deficit increased 55 percent in 4 years, 189 percent in 8 years. Under Bill Clinton, the debt increased 36 percent; George Bush, 87 percent after the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts, and we were promised that they were going to energize the economy and dynamic scoring would come into effect and the country would be rolling in clover. Seven years later, we had the deepest recession anybody serving in this body has experienced, Mr. Speaker, and the debt exploded.  Barack Obama, just by contrast, inherited the worst economy any of us has seen--the worst economy--hemorrhaging 787,000 jobs per month in January of 2009. We had to bring the economy out of that deep recession, and we invested dollars. But even given all that necessity and the $700 billion bill that we passed, that George Bush passed, where two-thirds of Republicans were opposed and which kept us out of a depression, Barack Obama increased the debt by 1 percentage point more than George Bush.  I say to my friend, the reason for having hearings, the reason for having economic experts like Mr. Bartlett, who worked for Ronald Reagan, who said that tax cuts do not pay for themselves. They say $1.5 trillion. I guarantee you, Mr. Speaker--I may not be here when we can find this out--this is going to be far above $1.5 trillion in additional debt, and my children and my grandchildren and my great-grandchildren will be exposed to paying that bill.  It is a shame, Mr. Speaker, that we do not have extensive hearings on this bill in the House and in the Senate. My judgment is the Senate doesn't expect to have hearings on this either. They are just going to try to jam it through, Mr. Speaker, and that is not good. That is not good for this institution. Much, much more importantly, it is not good for the present generation or generations to come.  We will debate, Mr. Leader. I know you are passionate about the substance. You are very knowledgeable about the substance. We talked about it in private, and I admire the passion that you have and the information that you argue. I may differ with your information, but we will have the opportunity to debate that, I think, next week and the week after.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, the first lesson, if you ever take debate, if you cannot win the argument on the substance of the bill, argue about process; go to process.  But you know what? This is not the beginning of the process. This is the end of the process. For 31 years, we have been working to get here. We had hearings upon hearings. We have gone to the American people. We went to the American people 7 years ago this week, and they made a very big decision: to change the direction.  We went back in 2014, and they made another big decision, and they made one just a short time ago.  I heard you talk about a lot of Presidents, but I think you missed one. Really, this bill is about growth in this country, about job creation, about raising somebody's paycheck.  The history of America, from the beginning of time until 2006, we always averaged more than 3 percent growth. If you just take the last 8 years, if you take the very best year under Barack Obama--and I will go apples to apples. Let's take Bill Clinton. The growth year under Bill Clinton's worst year is higher than Barack Obama's best year. That is why the middle class is hurting. That is why this tax cut helps the middle class.  What is most interesting, you want to talk about debt? You talked about a lot of Presidents. You can add up all those Presidents, and you know what? Just one President, Barack Obama, added all that money and more to the debt.  What is more interesting to me, if my friend is concerned about the deficit, I want to ask you this: Why did you vote for a budget that increases the deficit by $6.8 trillion over 10 years? Why would you do that this year? Why would you, as a party, bring that forward as your plan.  Do you know what we are bringing forward? We are going right through the rules. We have gone all through the hearings. We know, even before this bill passes, just as yesterday, that the companies are coming back to America; $20 billion a year in revenue, one company has already announced. They are going to put $3 billion every year into research and development and $6 billion into manufacturing.  I think the debate on process is over. This bill is less than 500 pages.  You talk about us bringing it up? Yes, so the whole American public can see the bill and read it. It is much different than when we talk about your ACA--more than 2,000 pages, and I was here. I watched what was brought right to the floor and jammed through. And you are right; the ACA doesn't work.  We believed in doing something different. We made a promise to the American public--3 days for public viewing. It is longer than 3 days.  We made a promise to the American public that we would make sure you keep more of what you earn, we would create more jobs. You know what happened after that last election? We just went through the second quarter of 3 percent growth.  You and I just talked about the number of hurricanes we just watched, the devastation. People say it probably knocked off 1 percent of growth. You know what the Atlanta Fed just came out with? They are predicting, they think we are going to go to 4\1/2\.  Do you know what? The best days of America are in front of us because of the work we have done. Let's not argue about process, because we know we have been through this process for 31 years. We know what the American public has said. We know in the hearings what they have told us, and we have listened. Now I think is the time to have the courage to lead. Let's take what we heard in those committees and put it into a bill, exactly what we just did.  To have the returns before the bill is even passed of jobs coming back, to me, like I said earlier, this is a good week, but this is going to be a great month.  