Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy) for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, no votes are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  In addition, the House will consider H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal ForestsAct sponsored by Representative Bruce Westerman.  We have all seen the devastating effects of wildfires, especially this year. Unfortunately, the U.S. Forest Service estimates there are still nearly 58 million acres of forest at high or very high risk of wildfire. The bipartisan legislation builds on our recovery efforts by giving the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management the tools necessary to better manage our public lands.  The House will also consider H.R. 849, the Protecting Seniors' Access to Medicare Act, sponsored by Representative Phil Roe. Supported by both Republicans and Democrats, this bill repeals ObamaCare's Independent Payment Advisory Board--or, as most know it as, IPAB--and gives patients more control over their healthcare and not Washington.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider legislation to extend funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program and other important public health priorities. Now, this was marked up earlier this month by the Energy and Commerce Committee. This package will help low-income children get health coverage, continue funding important health priorities like community health centers, and do so in a fiscally responsible manner.  I look forward to the House passing these commonsense bills next week without delay.  