Speaker, you noticed that he didn't talk about any of the statistics I mentioned about job creation under Barack Obama. He didn't talk about the 62 million jobs that were created in 32 years, as opposed to the 35 million jobs, just half of what we did in less than 4 years than they had as President of the United States.  And what he didn't talk about was--he said: You know, we Republicans were in charge of the Congress the last 6 years of the Clinton administration.  That is right.  And what Bill Clinton said: Let's save Social Security first. Let's not cut out revenues that we need to invest in the education and the growth of our economy.  They weren't for that, but they couldn't do anything about it.  Then, guess what happened. They took the Presidency. They had the House and they had the Senate.  Why couldn't you do what was done under Bill Clinton then, when you controlled everything, I ask my Republican friends, Mr. Speaker? Why couldn't you, when you controlled every organ of government, do what you say was done under the Clinton administration, because you were in the minority, very frankly, or you were in the majority and controlled things? Why couldn't you do it when you controlled everything? Why did you leave us with 4.8 million hemorrhaging jobs as you came out of office, and your economic program was still in place that you put in place in 2001 and 2003, and the deepest recession you and I have experienced in our life times?  And I am older than you are. You didn't answer that. You continue to talk about what is going to happen.  I tell the story about the guy who comes in and he wants to be the left fielder for the Nats, and he says: You know, I am going to hit 350 next year.  I said: But you hit 260 last year.  He says: Well, yeah, I know, but this year I am going to hit 350.  And the other guy comes in and says: I would like the same job. I hit 325 this year and I hit 324 last year. Who do you think you hire?  The whole point is, Mr. Leader--I say to the Speaker--is that performance counts, not just talk, not just promises. Because I will tell you, Mr. Leader, I have been here a long time and I heard the same language in 1981 from David Stockman. He now says it was baloney. I heard the same talk in 2001 and 2003. It didn't work out so well.  So, Mr. Speaker, I am going to go on to another subject because we need to go to another subject, but we need to have this debate because it is critical for my children, my grandchildren, and my great-grandchildren, and for generations to come as to whether this country is, like we did it under Clinton, on a fiscally sustainable path where we are balancing budgets, or whether we are going to go back to the deep deficits.  He didn't respond, 189 percent increase in the debt under Ronald Reagan. One person in America, Mr. Speaker, can stop spending: the President. He can veto spending bills.  In my 37 years, we have never had a veto overridden of a President who vetoed a bill because we spent too much money; not once in the 37 years I have been here, Mr. Speaker.  But I want to go on to another subject that ought to be less controversial because I think the majority of Republicans and I think, unanimously, the Democrats want to see us do what the President, apparently, has asked us to do. And that is, protect the DACA students, the DACA doctors, the DACA teachers.  We have a Dream Act that has been filed. Every Democrat supports it. We want that to come to the floor in this transparent, open process, and I have talked to the majority leader about it.  The President, contrary to Speaker Ryan's advice, rescinded the protections for the childhood arrivals who arrived here through no fault of their own. He said to the Congress, it needs to be done in legislation. He didn't say it needs to be done in legislation with a lot of other things. And the Speaker has said we are going to take one issue at a time. I won't bring out that quote, but the majority leader has heard me use it before.  So I urge the majority leader because I believe he does not want to send these mostly young people who don't know any other country but America, who see themselves as Americans, who havebeen educated in our schools, serving in our communities, positive participants in growing America like so many immigrants before them, a nation of immigrants. Send me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.  We should have the DACA bill on the floor before we leave for this Thanksgiving. Mr. Leader, I said this with respect to the Export-Import Bank, that a majority of your party would vote for that if it came to the floor. We got it to the floor and, as I predicted, a majority of your Members voted for it.  I believe that very close to, if not all, a majority of your party will vote for this, and the overwhelming numbers in this House will vote for that bill.  I would urge my friend to bring it to the floor before we leave for the Thanksgiving break on the 16th of November. I would urge that because we are going to have some very messy 8 days after Thanksgiving, with great workload on our desks; not the least of which is how to deal with the sequester, how to deal with funding government for the balance of the year, what to do with flood insurance, and so many other issues; not to mention our supplemental that we need to do with respect to Houston and Florida and Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.  So I urge my friend to work with us to bring the Dream Act to the floor, or bring your alternative to the floor. But let us not leave these people, who the President says he loves, who are positive Americans in everything but paper, who have been here almost all of their lives. Some came at 2 or 3 years of age and know no other country. Let's bring a bill to the floor that we can end before we go on the Thanksgiving break, in a united way--we are going to be divided on the tax bill. We understand that--but in a united way on this, where even Rush Limbaugh says we are not going to send these kids home.  I would hope that you could do that, Mr. Leader. I believe you have it in your heart to do it, and I would hope that we could do it.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I have great respect for the gentleman.  It is true, we just recently traveled to look at the hurricanes and we had a lot of discussions. We disagree philosophically at times, but I think there is a place that we can find agreement upon.  I listen to you when you speak. I did just hear you ask right before: ``Why couldn't you do it when you controlled everything?''  I kind of ask my friend the same thing. When you controlled everything, the White House, the House, and the Senate, you had a self-proclaimed master legislator as Speaker. You had an opportunity.  But I know this is the window, and I know President Trump wants to get it done. That is why he put out things that he wants to see done as well. We talked about chain migration. We talked about border security.  We have been meeting--the Speaker and I just had a meeting yesterday with a number of Members about this. We would like to solve this problem overall, and I think it is a place everybody can work together, to secure our border, work on the chain migration problem, and solve this problem for others.  Now, I know there is a 6-month time period here, and I don't want to confuse issues because I would like to focus on this issue as well, but I don't want to have the government shutting down over an issue. You and I know we both discussed things like that, and I never think that is productive with whatever we do; but I look forward to continuing working with you to solve this issue.  