Speaker, I thank the gentleman.  Mr. Speaker, we could go on, I presume, all day, and our friends who want to do a 1-minute or a Special Order would not be happy with us, and they are maybe not happy now, but the fact of the matter is that this is a critically important issue to our country. When he talks about providers, the providers said they didn't like any of these bills.  We have had three opportunities: one that was offered but not put on the floor; then one that came to the floor and passed this House and then went to the Senate, and the majority of the Senate has not agreed with any of the three alternatives; plus the alternative that Senator Graham brought forward along with the Senator from Louisiana.  The majority in the Senate has not agreed, and, Mr. Speaker, what that has done is provided the insurance industry, providers, doctors, medical authorities with total lack of confidence on what is going to happen tomorrow. Nobody in business believes that you can have proper pricing if you do not know the context in which you are pricing your product. So, yes, there has been a disruption.  What we ought to do, as Senator McCain said, is come together and make sure a system works. We believe the ACA is working--not working as well as it should right now, it is not working as much for the small market or people on the exchanges as it should. It can.  Almost every medical provider and the majority of the American people over these last 8 months has changed from not liking the ACA and not thinking it is good for them, to where the majority of the American people now support it, and 7 out of 10-plus want the ACA fixed, not repealed.  So in that context, it seems to me it is both good politics and good policy for us to come together and to create a system that works for the American people. We believe that is by fixing the ACA, and to that extent, we reflect the majority of the American people.  Secondly, Mr. Speaker, the last issue I want to bring up are two items that were not included in the FAA bill, but which are important programs. One is the Perkins Loan Program for students. We know that the cost of education has skyrocketed and that we need to extend that act. That bill, by the way, Mr. Speaker, has 226 cosponsors, so it is not as if there is not a majority of the House that already supports that extension.  The second thing that needs to be done: we need to deal with a comprehensive health system in our communities, the Community Health Centers. We need to deal with the teaching hospitals. We need to deal with the disproportionate share of hospitals.  So there are many things that we did not include in the bill that we passed today that need to be addressed and need to be addressed immediately. They are not on the schedule for next week.  Can my friend give me some idea when we might consider those, which, of course, expire on September 30?  So September 30 will come and go before we start next week's schedule.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  You raised a couple issues there. When it comes to teaching hospitals, that was in the bill you just voted against twice this week on the floor. So that has been taken care of.  When you are talking about SCHIP and the extension of that, Chairman Walden actually postponed a markup not because he wanted to, but because it was requested by the Democrats. So he postponed the markup this week in continuing bipartisan negotiations.  This is something I would like to get done. I know Chairman Walden has now scheduled a markup for next week, so I am very hopeful that we will get this done very soon. I am a big supporter of SCHIP and a lot of the work that they do and what it moves forward for our healthcare in the future, especially for the health clinics out there. So I look forward to working with you.  