 Suffice it to say there are a couple of these bills, obviously, that give us great pause. But having said that, the Appropriations Committee, over the last few weeks, has marked up, I think, all of its bills now, 12 bills. There was discussion about bringing an omnibus with all 12 bills in it. That has obviously not happened, and so we have what we refer to as a minibus.  We only have 17 legislative days left, Madam Speaker, until the end of the fiscal year on September 30. First, I would like to ask the majority leader if he can tell us the process under which the minibus will be considered. As the gentleman pointed out, there are four distinct appropriations bills that are included in the minibus.  Is this going to be an open rule?  Will all of these bills be open to amendment, or will they be considered under a rule so that our Members can prepare for the consideration of these appropriations bills?  Madam Speaker, I yield to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time, and I thank him for his question.  Madam Speaker, he is correct that, as of today, all 12 appropriations bills will be done from committee, marked up in subcommittee and full committee, and I want to thank the Appropriations Committee for their work. They achieved something that has not been achieved before in the timeline that they were given, and it is extraordinary the work they were able to do.  It is correct in the Make America Secure minibus package that we are bringing, that that package covers over 66 percent of our total discretionary spending.  As the Rules Committee has noted, the bill will come under a rule, so it will be a structured rule. We assume that there will be hundreds of amendments, as the gentleman knows, just like in the NDAA, more than 200 amendments.  I would like it noted there were more Democratic amendments than there were Republican amendments in the process that we worked through, and that is why I expect there will be late votes next week as well.  