Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy) for the purpose of the majority leader telling us the schedule for the week to come.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  In addition, the House will consider the conference report to accompany H.R. 2810, the Fiscal Year 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. This bipartisan agreement will strengthen our military, give our men and women in uniform a 2.4 percent pay raise, and ensure America's fighting forces have the resources they need to secure peace both at home and abroad.  I want to thank Chairman Thornberry and the entire House Committee on Armed Services for their hard work on this important bill.  Mr. Speaker, the House should also look forward to voting on the most significant tax reform in over three decades, H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, sponsored by Representative Kevin Brady.  America is among the highest taxed nations in the developed world. Americans pay more in taxes than we spend on housing, clothing, and food, combined.  Our current Tax Code is almost 2,600 pages long, with an additional 70,000 pages of forms and other regulations. That is just unacceptable.  We want to see economic growth in this country. Instead of ``closed for business'' signs, we want to see ``now hiring'' signs.  We want to double the standard deduction.  What does that mean?  It means, for every American, the first $12,000 of income for an individual is tax free; for a couple, that is $24,000 tax free.  We want to simplify the Tax Code so you can file it in minutes--instead of spending weeks--on a form the size of a postcard.  We want to bring back the trillions of dollars of American wealth that is forced to sit overseas, have it come back to America and invest in Americans.  That is what voting for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will accomplish. That is why I look forward to the House passing this critical bill without delay.  Lastly, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible in the House. If anything is added to our schedule, I will be sure to inform all Members.  Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.  