 Mr. McCARTHY. Right before your question, you said you had concerns with the offsets. The gentleman knows that I reached out to him, I don't know how many months ago, before a break, numerous times, right over on the floor on his side of the aisle, and I said: I am very concerned with what I am hearing on the Democratic side in the committee; I would like to get CHIP done early. And I asked for your assistance, and you helped.  There is one higher position on your side of the aisle who called the Speaker numerous times and pretty much shut down your committee. So three times we were asked to delay, and we did.  That is why, this week, I went back to all of you and said: Let's work out if you have a difference of opinion in pay-fors.  It was not us who walked away from the table. It was the message I was delivered from the other side of the aisle.  So I don't know why we are having this discussion. I don't know why you are asking these questions. It is you and your side of the aisle that have said no. It is us who said: Let's sit down and work this out.  But let me walk through a few of the pay-fors so you understand them and so the American public can understand them, because I don't think they are controversial.  We require health insurance companies to pay claims when they cover Medicaid enrollees while keeping Medicaid as the payor of last resort. Now, that saves $4 billion.  We say that individuals can't skip on their premium for 90 days and get free coverage. That saves $5 billion.  We say if somebody wins a high-dollar lottery, those winners should not be eligible for Medicaid.  Now, your side of the aisle voted against that in committee. So the argument that you are making that it is not bipartisan is true. Your side of the aisle believes that if someone wins millions of dollars in the lottery, they should still be eligible for Medicaid.  That will save $600 million that will actually go to the disabled, those who need this.  And what is more important, these States should not have to wait. These States should not be put in this position. Colorado has just announced that it will freeze enrollment. It will freeze enrollment because you guys walked away from the table. It will freeze enrollment because you say high-dollar millionaire lottery winners should still stay on Medicaid.  I don't think that is where the American public believes this debate should go. I believe that is common sense. I believe that is an area that we can get to. Let's care for the individuals, and let's stop playing politics with this. I am personally stunned you are even asking about this because you know what has gone on.  