Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), the majority leader, for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  One suspension worth highlighting is H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, sponsored by Chairman Ed Royce. Mr. Speaker, last year, North Korea conducted two nuclear weapons tests and 26 ballistic missile flight tests.  Congress has long led the charge to impose strict sanctions against the Kim Jong-un regime. This bill would continue that effort by specifically sanctioning North Korea's shipping industry, as well as targeting those who employ North Korean slave labor abroad. It is critical we send a clear and bipartisan message that North Korea's reckless provocations cannot continue.  In addition, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act, sponsored by Representative Martha Roby. This bill would give employees the option to convert the overtime hours worked into paid time off. Mr. Speaker, hardworking Americans in the private sector deserve the same flexibility that public sector workers have enjoyed for decades. By passing this bill, we will give American families greater choice in how they spend their most important resource, their time.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider legislation providing further appropriations for the 2017 fiscal year. I am encouraged by the reports I have received from our Appropriations Committee regarding these negotiations, and I look forward to a strong vote on this agreement next week.  Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible. If any items are added, I will relay scheduling information to Members as soon as possible.  