Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks.  I don't share his enthusiasm for this bill, which I think will be very harmful, will explode the debt, and be a bait-and-switch on the middle class whether it will get a tax cut early and a tax increase later on.  Is the gentleman aware, when he talks about growth, that in the comparable 9 months of 2016 to the same months in 2017 under Trump, that there were 326,000 more jobs created in 2016 than have been created in 2017 in those analogous months?  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, I am a little confused that the gentleman is not enthusiastic about this bill. I have read what some people on the other side of the aisle have said about this bill. I heard one phrase that the gentleman recently used about the middle class. I would just caution my friend in inferring anything negative to the middle class with this bill because there were some on the other side of the aisle that made some comments.  Like most things we say, we get fact-checked. The Washington Post, to a few Senators and my own Senator from California, tried to claim this was poor for the middle class.  Do you know what happened?  She did not receive one Pinocchio, she did not receive two Pinocchios, and she did not even receive three Pinocchios. She received four Pinocchios on that statement. That is the most Pinocchios you can get.  Mr. Speaker, if I may, I wanted to do the research. I wanted to look. Is this tax bill good for all of America? Especially because I want the gentleman to be enthusiastic about it, I looked at Maryland's Fifth District. Now here are just a few facts:  Currently, in the Fifth Congressional District of Maryland, 47 percent of the filers take the standard deduction. So not only will they be better off, it will actually double, and they will see the increase in their pay on day one, January 1.  Another 11 percent have itemized deductions. They will no longer with our new higher standard deduction, so they will also save more money, not to mention the time and confusion by not having to itemize. That means, before we even look at lowering tax rates, 58 percent of my friend's district is better off on day one.  Now, how about the median family of four?  A median family of four in Maryland's Fifth Congressional District earns $123,000. For the 20 percent of those families that don't itemize today, they will receive a tax cut of $5,000. For the 80 percent who are itemizing today, they will get, on average, $2,200 in a tax cut.  But those are not the only people I am worried about. How about the single mother who is earning $30,000 in your district?  Well, she will no longer have to pay any tax under this plan. In fact, she will receive a refund of about $500 to $700.  How about the small business, the entrepreneur, the factory creating jobs?  The small-business owner making about $400,000 in Maryland's Fifth Congressional District will see a savings of nearly $19,000.  So what I am confused about is: How can't you be excited about this bill?  In short, Mr. Speaker, to the people not just in my friend's district, but all of America, let me state this: under our plan, the average family of four earning $55,000 a year will not pay any tax.  For so many days and so many years, I have heard from the other side of the aisle and my friend talking about the middle class. We have a bill that is on the floor that is going to help the middle class, the single mother not to pay any tax and getting money back; the median family there getting $5,000 back; the small business getting 19--I don't know how much more we have to do to get my friend excited, but next week he will have the opportunity.  