Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of this legislation.  I want to thank Mr. Frelinghuysen, Mrs. Lowey, and all the subcommittee chairs and ranking members for the work that they have done to get us to this place.  This vote we are about to take represents an example of how Members of this House can work together to reach a reasonable compromise and deliver a product that reflects both rationality and reasonableness. It is clear from recent history that Democratic Members' participation is absolutely essential if we are going to pass fiscal bills and appropriations bills. I am glad that the Republican leadership and negotiators came to that conclusion and worked with us to advance this omnibus to the floor.  I will support this omnibus funding bill. It is not a perfect bill, but no bill is a perfect bill. It is, however, a compromise that includes provisions that Democrats and Republicans want to see passed.  It does not include poison pill riders that would prevent Democratic support or, frankly, Republican support. It does not fund President Trump's border wall which, of course, he had promised the American people they would not pay for.  Furthermore, it includes critical funding for health benefits for America's coal miners and their families, and it funds Puerto Rico's Medicaid program.  This omnibus also adds additional funding for the National Institutes ofHealth, something that all of us ought to support, including former Vice President Biden's Cancer Moonshot, as well as Pell grants, disaster relief, international famine aid, and funding to fight opioid addiction.  It is the product of frank and thorough negotiations conducted by Ranking Member Nita Lowey and Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, both of whom are positive leaders of the Appropriations Committee and of this House. I congratulate them and their staffs for their hard work to reach this funding agreement.  The Congress should not have waited this long to act, Mr. Speaker. It is now 7 months into the fiscal year. We should not allow this to happen again. It has happened too often, and it has happened under both parties, but it is not the way to run the greatest enterprise on Earth: the Federal Government of the United States of America.  We must get back to dealing with appropriations bills in a timely and discrete manner, appropriations bill by appropriations bill. It is important that we segue from these successful negotiations into talks in the same spirit of compromise to pass appropriations bills through regular order for fiscal year 2018 before the end of September. We are very late in doing this process.  I was very much alarmed by President Trump's tweet yesterday suggesting that he would welcome a government shutdown. It is this kind of flippant, uninformed, and irresponsible approach, as opposed to what ought to be a serious, bipartisan process, that puts us again and again at the eleventh hour, often months past the original deadline, trying to keep the government open.  We ought to do better. We must do better. I hope the bipartisan process that brought us to this omnibus bill will show us that we can do better.  In that context, I want to again thank Mr. Frelinghuysen, with whom I have served for a long period of time both on the committee and as a colleague in the House of Representatives. I want to thank Mrs. Lowey, with whom I served for 23 years on the Appropriations Committee and with whom I have served in my capacity as leader and herself as a leader on the Appropriations Committee.  This represents, today, what the Congress ought to be, how it ought to work, and what the American people expect. As we vote today on this bill, let us say to ourselves: let us continue this kind of cooperative, positive, constructive work.  