It was directed to the Speaker, Mr. Leader, and like most Secretaries of the Treasury, he is hoping that we will pursue financially responsible and confidence-building policies.  I won't read the whole letter, but he says in the last paragraph: ``As I said in my confirmation hearing, honoring the full faith and credit of our outstanding debt is a critical commitment. I encourage Congress to raise the debt limit at the first opportunity so that we can proceed with our joint priorities.''  Mr. Speaker, I ask the majority leader whether that is going to be scheduled in the near term because, on March 15, we met the debt-limit extension. This administration and every previous administration have taken steps to prolong the time before we default by using extra mechanisms so that we are, in effect, not investing in the retirement system or something else and paying our debts.  I have indicated publicly, Mr. Speaker, and I reiterate here, that I will urge my side to support a debt-limit extension if it is clean. What I mean by ``clean,'' if it does not incorporate something that is not agreed to and there is not a consensus on. By that I mean, simply, if there are things that we have a consensus on that need to be passed, certainly including those in the debt-limit extension would not be objectionable. But if there are items in that bill designed to force us to vote for what is a responsible policy but takes something that we obviously very strongly disagree with, we will not do so.  So my questions to the majority leader are: A, can we expect a clean debt-limit extension? B, can we expect that in the near term, as Secretary Mnuchin requests, so that we can put that matter behind us and not undermine confidence in our fiscal posture as a nation?  I yield to my friend.  Mr. McCARTHY. I think we both agree that responsible fiscal policy is important to our country's ability to succeed, and that includes honoring the full faith and credit of the United States. We expect to continue working closely with Secretary Mnuchin to ensure that America is on the right path to a strong fiscal future.  We know the amount of debt that has been added in the last 8 years has been tremendous. I know that the gentleman, when he looks to what we do next week--to be able to lower premiums, save more than $300 billion of the deficit, and let people have more choice--that is also a first step.  Now, I do not have any immediate action to announce, but we will relay any information to the Members as we move forward.  I thank the gentleman.  Is that going to be your last question?  