 Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned by a number of controversial provisions included by the majority in the rules they have proposed for the 115th Congress.  First, reinstating the Holman rule would make it easier for the majority to circumvent the current legislative process in order to fire or cut the payof Federal employees. It undermines civil service protections. It goes back to the 19th century. Republicans have consistently made our hardworking Federal employees scapegoats, in my opinion, for lack of performance of the Federal Government itself, and this rules change will enable them to make shortsighted and ideologically driven changes to our Nation's civil service.  Secondly, I am deeply concerned by the rules changes regarding decorum in this House. The chairman was generous enough to have that discussion with me. When the cameras were turned off in this House, there was no way to communicate with the American people other than by something that I didn't know existed, and that was the streaming of the debate that was going on. As the ranking member of the Rules Committee pointed out, it was peaceful, it was honest, and it was deeply held. Now you seek to impose fines and ethics charges against any Member who broadcasts to the American people what takes place in the people's House while it is in recess and deny Americans access to their Congress.  Thirdly--and I am very concerned about this and I will talk to the chairman further about it at some point in time--these rules continue the Republican policy of denying a voice to the people of the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, Northern Mariana Islands, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  When I was majority leader, we allowed them to vote in the Committee of the Whole. It showed them respect, it gave them a reason to come to the floor, and it gave them an opportunity to have their constituents see how they felt on a particular issue by putting their name up on the board. I regret that we were unable to continue that policy and I will talk to the chairman about it further.  Millions of american citizens will not be able to have their delegates and resident commissioner represent their views during the consideration of amendments in the Committee of the Whole House.  I also find it deeply disturbing that Republicans had been planning to use this rules package to strip away the independence of the Office of Congressional Ethics.  When Democrats took the majority in 2007, we created that body to ensure that the strictest ethical standards are upheld in this House, and that partisanship could never get in the way of those standards.  I am glad that public pressure led Republicans to abandon this ill-conceived proposal.  The American people deserve a Congress whose rules reflect what is best about our country--fair, just, and honorable.  This package does not meet that test.  