 Mr. McCARTHY. It seems as though the gentleman has a little short-term memory of how they brought the Affordable Care Act and the CBO report when it came before us. It was not brought before us until it came right before the floor.  But let me follow through on all your questions because my response back was, I was actually excited to hear that Democrats wanted to work with us, that their attitude has changed from when we were in committee and they had amendments going forward, that it was no longer going to be hashtag amendments, it was actually going to be productive amendments; and I thank you for having that change of attitude.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the transparent process we have taken in the House, and I think this needs to be reminded to all the American public.  As I mentioned last week, our healthcare bill is the result of 113 hearings. I know the gentleman on the other side of the aisle, he is proud of the 72 hearings they had before they did the Affordable Care Act.  We have now marked up this bill in three separate committees, with over 18 hours of debate in Ways and Means, and over 27 hours of debate in Energy and Commerce, and the countless amendments from both Republicans and Democrats.  By the time we vote on the floor, this bill will have been publicly available online for 3 weeks. Now, it is only 127 pages. That is a far contrast to the 2,700-plus pages, if you want to compare it to ObamaCare.  So far, nearly 590,000 people have visited our website, and over 200,000 have downloaded this legislative text.  So, Mr. Speaker, that means more people have read our healthcare bill than went to Woodstock. I call that transparency. Republicans have been committed to repealing and replacing ObamaCare for years, and so now I think it is time to act.  The gentleman also commented about the CBO. Well, I am actually excited that you had another person who confirmed what the CBO said because what the CBO says about this bill is it will lower the deficit by $337 billion.  It will also reduce premiums by 10 percent by 2026, and it will secure major entitlement reform by capping Medicaid spending, giving States certainty and flexibility, saving taxpayers $880 billion, and making the program solvent for future generations, because that was a concern in one of the letters.  Now, Mr. Speaker, those are the facts. With regard to the coverage numbers, the CBO reports that most of that increase would stem from repealing the penalties associated with individual mandates. Let me repeat that. Most of the increase would stem from repealing the penalties associated with the individual mandate.  Now, that makes sense to me, because if we no longer force Americans to buy something they do not want, one-size-fits-all health care, they will naturally choose not to buy it.  But, Mr. Speaker, I know the gentleman across the other side of the aisle argues with me about the knowledge that everybody knows ObamaCare is failing. I would ask the gentleman to visit one-third of the counties in this country that only have one option.  Or why don't you go to Tennessee, where the President just was because, you know, 16 counties in Tennessee have no option. But ObamaCare will penalize you for not having health care when you can't even buy it.  But if ObamaCare was working so well, why do more people accept the penalty or the exemption than actually buy ObamaCare? That is a number that is quite interesting. That is why I am encouraged to see our plan will decrease the average premiums that people have been asking for.  Now, our goal is not just to sign up people for insurance. Our goal is to get America better health care.  Now, the gentleman also commented and had letters--and I love to read letters. I love to listen to constituents because that is what our work should be. And you read a letter when it came to Medicaid. And I would not scare people, I would actually talk to that individual.  Medicaid is on an unsustainable path. In one 10-year window, it will cost $1 trillion.  Mr. Speaker, the gentleman on the other side knows what $1 trillion is because that is about the entire amount we spend on discretionary spending. From all of the appropriations that we go through, that would take up everything we have.  Well, we know that is not sustainable, so we should do something about it. That is why we had a meeting with 18 Governors, Republicans and Democrats. And the number one thing they told us, give us flexibility to be able to manage. That is exactly what this bill does.  But I like to read some letters. Here is one from Colleen from Annapolis:       I just received the notice for my 2017 health insurance      policy. It will skyrocket, not by the advertised Maryland      State average of 20 to 25 percent but, rather, by 60 percent.      In addition, my deductible is going up 45 percent. Since the      inception of ObamaCare, my policy has increased 75 percent.       I am a 63-year-old female in excellent health who takes no      medication. My only benefit from the ACA has been two      mammograms, which I paid $12,600 in premiums to get. What a      disaster of a program.       I will be voting Republican this year, in the hope of      finally getting the ACA repealed. I just hope it happens      before my checkbook goes on life support.  Or the letter to the editor from Carl in Lusby, Maryland:       I can't afford my health insurance now under ObamaCare.      It's been a burden on our joint income, which is just above      the limit for qualifying for subsidies; and for 2017, I am      facing a 61 percent rate increase.       I'm faced with either paying a premium that will bankrupt      me and my wife, or paying the tax penalty at the end of the      year, which will also be unaffordable. And there are probably      several million Americans who are in the same boat as I am.  You know what, Carl? We listened to you. We listened, and now we are going to lead. We have moved a bill from the legislative process to the rules, what it says, for reconciliation. We have done hours of debate in three other committees. We will continue the process, as the rules say. We will go to the Rules Committee and then we will come to this floor. And for those who have written, change will come.  Yes, the Republican-appointed CBO Director and the Democratic CBO Director, as the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, from across the aisle says, agree that the premiums will go down, as so many Americans have asked for. We will put Medicaid on a sustainable path.  We will give Republican and Democrat Governors flexibility so they can manage their States in a better form. And most importantly, we will give America exactly what they asked for, the freedom to choose their own health care, the options of having more so they can direct what they want and desire, at the same time, having a lower cost.  So I welcome the gentleman for his questions. I know that wasn't about scheduling, but I think this is too important, because those 113 hearings we listened to the people before us, and we promised we would act, and we are keeping that promise as we move forward.  