Speaker, we have had a similar conversation before, and the majority leader would love to rely on the hearings that were held before this bill that we passed was introduced. The 113 hearings were on the repeal. This bill, as surely the majority leader knows and Members who voted on it know, was not repealed. It does not repeal.  Now, it is said that the gentleman is correct that the insurance industry has been very badly roiled, and confidence in the marketplace has been very badly undermined by this administration since its first day in office, and badly undermined by the Republicans' continued attempts to repeal, and passage of repeal legislation that didn't become law, and so insurers have, in fact, lost confidence that the marketplace will be stable, an absolutely critical component of pricing their product correctly.  The administration continues, as does the House itself and the Republican leadership in the Senate, to undermine the confidence that there will be a market. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader is correct. The insurance market is not as stable. But almost everybody who speaks to that--and there is a Los Angeles Times story today, relatively lengthy on that--in terms of what steps the administration has taken from the very beginning, starting with the IRS, don't worry about the mandate. Don't worry about the fact you have insurance.  It is like the automobile people saying, don't worry about having automobile insurance; there is going to be no penalty. Well, if that was the case, I bet you a lot of people would not have automobile insurance, and if they hit you, you would be exposed to the expense yourself.  Now, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader says he wants to follow the rules. They want to follow regular order, and, of course, they will do that. My, my, my.  Mr. Speaker, on May 4 of this month, why did we not have such a CBO score?  He says we didn't send it because the rule will not allow us unless we have a CBO score.  Frankly, I think there are some additional reasons because they are not sure that they are complying with the Byrd rule in the United States Senate, and they have got to see. So they may have to pass this again, to which the majority leader did not address himself.  But there was no reason not to wait other than politics, other than to have those buses go down to the Capitol and cheer one another. They had no idea what CBO is going to come up with next week. So they did not wait, consistent with the rules. We should have had a score when we passed the bill. But that was not convenient for the politics of repeal.  Now, the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, has not told me when we are going to consider that bill again or if we are going to need to consider that bill again. And perhaps the honest answer is the majority leader does not have that knowledge as to whether he is going to have to bring that bill to the floor again because he is going to need the CBO score to make that determination. I understand that. And we should have waited, Mr. Speaker, not rushed to judgment.  He talks about hearings. There were no hearings on this bill. One reason there were no hearings on these bills is because my Republican colleagues have been having town meetings, and they are hearing about the public's thoughts about their bill. And some of them are not having town meetings because they don't want to hear any more than they wanted to have hearings here in the House to hear what the public thought.  So, Mr. Speaker, I am hoping that the majority leader will be able to, perhaps at some point in time in the relatively near future, give us a clear picture as to when we may either consider this bill again or when we are going to send it to the United States Senate; flawed, though, it may be.  Mr. Speaker, I will be glad to yield to my friend, the majority leader, if he would like to say something further. If not, I will yield back.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I am actually shocked. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but did you actually make the argument that those 94 counties out of 99 in Iowa pulled out just because we were bringing a bill up?  Did you actually believe the 18 out of 23 CO-OPs that were given more than $2 billion pulled out because somehow they knew we would probably capture the White House, too, and keep the Senate and the House? So that is why it failed?  Or maybe those 16 counties in Tennessee that were told almost a year ago that they wouldn't have healthcare the next year; somehow people could look into the future, and just because a Republican took office, that is who we are going to blame?  I know President Bush is no longer here, but do we have to continue to put blame on others instead of having the facts?  So let's talk about a few things. Now, let's be clear of what you asked me earlier because, I apologize, I got off--you had a lot of adjectives out there. I wanted to make sure that I had answered them all. But I am very confident that this bill will hit the mark for reconciliation and it will move across the aisle over to the other Chambers.  Now, you talk about the House, and you are going to blame us for everything. Let's go to facts. They are not my facts. There is a recent report from Quorum, which is a data analysis company in D.C. These are bright, young people; a lot of them are Stanford grads. Here are the facts, because they just went and analyzed the first 100 days:  In the first 100 days, President Trump signed 30 pieces of legislation into law. Now, that is more than President Obama, Bush, Clinton, or H.W. Bush signed in their first 100 days.  Only once before in history has a Congressional Review Act been signed into law, only one. Now we have 14 overturned regulations through the Congressional Review Act, saving Americans $3.7 billion in regulatory cost, and 4.2 million hours in filling out paperwork.  Now, my favorite quote of this report, this House, the one we stand in today, passed 103 bills out of this Chamber, edging out former Speaker Pelosi's House as the most productive during the first 100 days of a Presidency since H.W. Bush.  Now, just this week we passed the Modernizing Government Technology Act, and I do thank my friend for his hard work on this. It is going to upgrade government IT to better serve our constituents. So if we are shocked, maybe that shocked you. Maybe we ought to stop playing politics. Maybe we ought to stop blaming things that just aren't even there. Maybe we ought to just take responsibility for where we currently are, understand that this is the greatest Nation on the face of the Earth, and it was ``. . . conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.''  No, we are not going to blame others for our problems. And if you want to go along that line, I can go into all of the things that were promised in the more than 2,000 pages of ObamaCare.  But you know what?  Today I live currently, and what I currently see is that 18 of the 23 CO-OPs have collapsed. And the current law says we are going to penalize the people who actually paid the CO-OPs to get their healthcare, but they have no healthcare to get.  I want to read the facts where more Americans took the penalty or the exemption than actually signed up for ObamaCare; that prior to a bill even passing on this floor--something we promised for 6 years--that a number of companies pulled out because it was not working. But the biggest shock I had all week is that somehow it is our fault.  I could not look an American in the eye knowing the knowledge that we all have. I don't care what party you are in; you don't sit on a carpet that has red on one side and blue on the other. This is the American House. You know people are hurting. You know people have lost their doctors. You know they are pulling out of these counties. Don't make up some political spin to make yourself feel better for some vote.  We promised we would repeal ObamaCare and give people greater choice. That is what we did. You disagree with it, then disagree with it, but don't lay blame where it is not true.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back.  