Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the majority leader of the schedule for the week to come.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy).  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m.  On Tuesday and the balance of the week, the House will meet as early as 10 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow.  This list will include several bills from the Science Committee that are part of the House Innovation Initiative. These bills support Americans pursuing careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, with a focus on veterans and individuals historically underrepresented in those fields.  Mr. Speaker, my friend and I recently cohosted the third Congressional Hackathon, and I think he and I would agree that STEM education is an issue of national competitiveness, and I look forward to the House passing these bills next week.  In addition, the House will consider two measures from the Financial Services Committee. First, H.R. 4015, the Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Act sponsored by Representative Sean Duffy. This bill will improve the quality of the proxy research while increasing transparency for public companies and their investors.  Second, H.R. 3312, the Systemic Risk Designation Improvement Act sponsored by Representative Blaine Luetkemeyer. This bill replaces Dodd-Frank's arbitrary thresholds with a process that analyzes each institution of its individual risk factors.  Mr. Speaker, the House will also consider the conference report to accompany H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act sponsored by Representative Kevin Brady. This historic legislation will cap off a 31-year journey to reform America's broken Tax Code. We will double the standard deduction, making the first $12,000 of income for an individual and $24,000 for a family tax free.  We will increase the child tax credit because investing in families is among the most important investments we make. We will reduce the tax rate on small businesses to the lowest rates that have been seen in 40 years. And we do all this while simplifying the Tax Code so Americans can file in minutes on a form the size of a postcard.  Republicans have championed cutting taxes and growing our economy for years, and I am excited to deliver this important promise.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are expected, including legislation related to government funding and a number of other end-of-the-year priorities. I will be sure to inform all Members if additional items are added to our schedule.  