Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his focus on that issue because we agree, of course, that that is a serious and volatile matter with which we need to deal in a hopefully effective way.  Two items, one that the gentleman mentioned. We just passed a continuing resolution, as the gentleman noted. And pursuant to our discussions, Democrats and Republicans both overwhelmingly voted for that, and it passed handily.  I don't know whether the gentleman heard my remarks on the floor, but what I had indicated is--and I have indicated to him privately--that we Democrats are in a position of not supporting an additional continuing resolution.  In my discussions with Mrs. Lowey, our ranking member on the Appropriations Committee, she believes that there is a possibility to get an agreement between the two parties, but it appears that the committees themselves have reached a point where they think they will need additional assistance from leadership, I presume, onboth sides of the aisle to resolve some of the thorniest issues that are still outstanding.  I want to thank the majority leader and the Speaker. In our discussions yesterday on the floor in private--they weren't, I don't think, private discussions because there were other people around. Both the Speaker and yourself are desirous of getting this done before the end of the weekend, posting something either as early perhaps as Sunday night or as late as Monday night on an omnibus, which would fund government between next week and the end of the fiscal year September 30.  So the first question would be: We share that objective in common, I presume; is that accurate?  I yield to the gentleman.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding.  That is true. I want to thank the gentleman even for his comments earlier in the week. I know they might not have been the same comments as the rest on the other side of the aisle. It was our anticipation that we would not have to do a continuing resolution.  I do believe that the committee is very close. It is the intention of the committee to get to an agreement. I hoped to get to an agreement as early as today, knowing that we do want to provide to the Members the 3 days so they can read through the entire bill and that we can vote on this before the end of this short-term CR.  