Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy) for the purpose of the majority leader telling us in-depth the schedule for the weeks to come.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today. This list will include a series of bills to honor our Nation's veterans.  With Memorial Day around the corner, it is important for this House to show our appreciation to those who have defended our freedoms, especially the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our Nation.  Mr. Speaker, next week in the House is Combating Human Trafficking and Child Protection Week.  In addition to a series of suspensions, the House will consider H.R. 1973, the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act, sponsored by Representative Susan Brooks. This bill would require prompt reporting of suspected cases of abuse, as well as implementation of procedures for addressing such allegations.  We will also consider H.R. 1761, the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act, sponsored by Representative Mike Johnson. This bill would protect victims of sexual abuse by ensuring that predators who send explicit content are subject to appropriate punishment.  Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is an incredibly serious issue in our Nation. With the passage of these bipartisan bills, we will show our continued commitment to ending this modern-day form of slavery, while supporting and assisting all survivors.  Now, lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 953, the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act, sponsored by Representative Bob Gibbs. My district is home to many hardworking farmers, so I know this issue quite well. This bill will reduce red tape that makes it more costly for farmers to protect their crops and our Nation's food supply.  In addition, the CDC reports that there are still 119 cases of individuals with Zika in the United States and 495 cases in U.S. territories. With the summer season approaching, this bill will ensure we can use pesticides to control mosquitos.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to thank a true public servant. Next week, Brian Cooper will retire from the House Parliamentarian's Office after 35 years on Capitol Hill.  Brian is a professional in every sense of the word. Much of his work is done behind the scenes, but it has not gone unnoticed. From timekeeping to processing bills, to preparing for joint sessions, Brian has made sure this body works in an orderly and fair way. It is my understanding that even my predecessor, Bill Thomas, could not challenge Brian's timekeeping.  On behalf of all those on this side of the aisle, we wish you well in your retirement, Brian, and from a very grateful nation for your service. I am sure you are ready to trade late nights on this floor for late nights watching the Orioles play baseball.  