Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments.  Clearly, this is not a partisan issue when an American or a group of Americans or a large number--in this case, over 3.5 million people, all of them at dire risk. We want to act together, we want to act quickly, and we do not want to fail to deploy any resource that is necessary to help our fellow Americans.  Secondly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to bring up an act, which although not the crisis that Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, in particular, confront us with, as did Harvey and Irma in Texas and in Florida, but, Mr. Speaker, I notice that the Dream Act is not a part of next week's schedule.  The leader and I have discussed the Dream Act, along with Speaker Ryan. I know that the President has said, if we pass the Dream Act, he has said publicly that he would sign the Dream Act. He is obviously concerned with security at the borders. We share that concern about security at the borders. But this is an item that, now, one-sixth of the time that was available has run, and we have 5 months left to go.  I will tell the majority leader that I am very hopeful. I know the majority leader and the Speaker have formed some task forces to look at this issue, but I am very hopeful, Mr. Speaker--and I ask the majority leader to perhaps comment on this--that before the end of this work period--there are another 14 days left after this week in this work period--that we might be able to bring the Dream Act to the floor.  A discharge petition has been filed. I would hope that the discharge petition not be necessary for either the rule or for the Dream Act itself. The discharge petition on the Dream Act itself will be mature as of October 5, and I expect a discharge petition to be filed on that, as well. But I am hopeful, Mr. Speaker, that that will not be necessary.  Given the fact that the President has said that he thinks DACA was issued beyond the authority of President Obama, we disagree with that conclusion. But whether that conclusion is correct or not, the President observed that we need to fix this legislatively.  So my question to the majority leader is: How soon does he believe that we could address this issue in regular order?  We continue to pursue a discharge petition, as we did, frankly, for the Ex-Im Bank, which, when it was called to the floor, had over 300 votes in favor of it, including the majority of the majority party voted for that bill.  We believe, Mr. Speaker, strongly, that if the Dream Act is brought to the floor, which over 8 in 10 Americans agree with, frankly, we believe large numbers on both sides of the aisle agree that these young people are not to be sent home.  Lastly, let me just quote Senator Orrin Hatch, who is a senior Member in the United States Senate and the chairman of the Finance Committee. He said: ``I've urged the President not to rescind DACA. . . .''  He did, and gave us 6 months to solve this, legislatively.  Senator Hatch observed that if DACA were rescinded, it would be ``an action that would further complicate a system in serious need of a permanent, legislative solution.''  He was referring then, Mr. Speaker, to a comprehensive immigration reform.  ``Like the President, I've long advocated for tougher enforcement of our existing immigration laws. But we also need a workable, permanent solution for individuals who entered our country unlawfully as children through no fault of their own and who have built their lives here. That solution must come from Congress.''  And I agree that that decision must come from Congress.  Rush Limbaugh said--and I don't usually agree with statements that Mr. Limbaugh makes: ``Nobody's gonna win anything by deporting a bunch of kids that we let in, whoever did, Obama, whatever. If we can get the strict enforcement of existing immigration law . . . then the DREAMer thing may be an acceptable payoff,'' he went on to say.  I don't think this is a payoff. This is responding. And that is why the overwhelming majority of the American people support the Dream Act. As I say, over 8 out of 10 Americans.  So I ask the majority--and I know that was a relatively long statement. This is a critical issue, however, as I have expressed in private to the majority leader, because we have but 5 months left to go.  Hopefully, we could do this in this work period to allay the fears that these young people have, who are making such a positive contribution to America, to their communities, and to their families. So I am hopeful that we could resolve this issue as soon as possible.  I yield to my friend, the majority leader.  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.  I first want to applaud Speaker Ryan for forming a working group on this important issue. The gentleman and I have met numerous times on this, and I have talked to the President about it, as well. He has been very clear, and I agree with the President's position, courts have shown that the past was unconstitutional, and that just means the House has to do their job and the Senate. The one thing I would hate to happen here is that we only do the job halfway, and then we have this problem come back to us.  The President has asked us about border security, as well. I believe we can find a solution here, together. I look forward to working with Mr. Hoyer.  The President has challenged this Congress to find a solution, and I believe we can. We are going to work to make sure we get it done. I would like to do it sooner than the timeframe the President has given us.  