Speaker, freedom to make less. What could be wrong with that? Freedom to make less.  Now, I am an employer, and I tell my employees, you have the freedom to either work for time and a half or just take comp time. One employee says: Well, I will work for comp time. The other employee says: Mr. Boss, you know, I need that money. Well, the person I will choose to work will be the person who will do it for comp time.  I don't know whether there is a provision to pay FICA on comp time or not in this bill, but I presume there is not. I presume there is an extraordinary saving to the employer, an incentive to the employer to choose the employee who doesn't need the extra money. Maybe their spouse makes a lot of money. Maybe not.  This is the freedom to make less bill, and I rise in opposition to it as I did when it last came to this floor. Instead of requiring employers to provide their workers with overtime, as currently amended, this bill would allow them to replace overtime with comp time.  Now, I have run a business. Most businessmen would not say it was a business because it was a law office. But I had employees, and I had to pay them. I wanted to pay them. I needed to pay them. When they worked overtime, I needed to pay them overtime. In other words, this bill provides if you work more than 40 hours a week, instead of getting time and a half for overtime, your boss can tell you no. Instead, you get paid time off, but you don't get to choose when you get to take it.  Now, if you only have one employee, that is not a problem because they have a choice. But if you have two employees and one employee makes the choice, as I pointed out, of getting comp time, such a deal for the boss.  And, yes, probably a pretty good deal for the person who can afford to just take comp time and doesn't need that time and a half.  The problem is, of course, as the previous speaker on our side said, we are having trouble getting people to a wage on which they can live and support themselves and their families. They need that time and a half.  And while we say it is voluntary and their choice, as a practical matter, as I have just pointed out, it is not.  