Speaker, I rise to inquire of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come, and I yield to my friend, Majority Leader McCarthy from California.  (Mr. McCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business.  On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business today.  In addition, the House will consider three bills that help modernize our energy infrastructure and fully utilize America's natural resources.  First will be H.R. 2910, the Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act, sponsored by Representative Bill Flores. This bill would ensure better coordination between FERC and other agencies in the permitting of new pipelines, while improving accountability by requiring more public disclosures.  Next would be H.R. 2883, the Promoting Cross-Border Energy Infrastructure Act, sponsored by Representative Markwayne Mullin. This important bill establishes a uniform and transparent process for constructing electric transmission facilities and cross-border pipelines.  And third, H.R. 806, the Ozone Standards Implementation Act, sponsored by Representative Pete Olson, which streamlines the compliance process and ensures reasonable implementation of the 2015 air quality standards.  Lastly, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 218, the King Cove Land Exchange Act, sponsored by Representative Don Young. This land exchange will provide the residents of King Cove a safe and reliable transportation route to necessary medical care.  I look forward to passing these critical bills in the House.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible in the House.  Mr. Speaker, if I could take a moment and wish Chairman Thornberry a happy birthday tomorrow. I think passing his bill today was that birthday gift from all.  I will notify Members of any changes to our schedule.  Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding.  