 I don't think he wants me to delve very deeply into why we do not have a Secretary of Health and Human Services. It is because the Republicans have not produced nor has the nominee produced full disclosure, as the gentleman knows, of his financial dealings with respect to legislation that he introduced and supported. They want full information so that they can make a considered judgment. I won't go further into that deep well, however.  I will say to the gentleman that you don't need a Secretary to bring legislation to the floor, and this is not an issue that is new this year or that is as a result of the November election of last year. It is, frankly, after 65 votes on this floor, to repeal the Affordable Care Act without having an alternative.  I will tell my friend, the majority leader, with great respect, you have had 6 years. You can catalog all of the things that you think are bad. Obviously, you don't mention any of the things that are good except so many in your caucus--perhaps the overwhelming majority of the caucus--say we are going to keep preexisting conditions, and we are going to keep 26. Of course, we are not going to eliminate annual limits, because that will hurt people and force them into bankruptcy. I don't hear that discussion going on. But the fact of the matter is, Mr. Leader, you cannot get away from the fact that 6 years have gone by since we adopted the Affordable Care Act--6 years of complaining about how awful it is.  By the way, as the gentleman knows, the majority of people now have made it very clear they do not want to repeal the Affordable Care Act unless they see a replacement on the table that they can consider and look to for alternatives. And that, as you know, Mr. Leader, is the first time in the 6 years because people said, ``yes, we don't like the Affordable Care Act'' in a vacuum, but now, when it really may be repealed, they are looking at it much more closely, and they don't know what is going to replace it, and they are concerned.  I have, I will tell you, family after family after family--I had somebody come up to me in the grocery store two nights ago, at Harris Teeter--with tears in his eyes--who said: Don't let them repeal the Affordable Care Act. I have a son who has a dire illness; and but for the fact of the Affordable Care Act, he would not be covered, and we couldn't keep him alive--with tears in his eyes.  So, when I hear you cataloging some of the things, those cases aren't mentioned. The 30 million aren't mentioned. The preexisting condition isn't mentioned.  I will say to my friend that you don't need a Secretary of Health and Human Services to bring a bill forward.  Mr. McCARTHY. Yes, you do.  