  Mr. President, I think we have had a very important and useful debate. In many ways it has gone on for the last 10 years in various forms. Prior to 1995, it was the Mitchell-Boren bill. There have been several changes over the years, but fundamentally the issue is this: Do we think we have too much political discourse in this country?  I would argue, Mr. President, that we do not have any problems in this country related to too much political discussion. The Supreme Court has made it quite clear that in order to effectively discuss issues in this country, one must have access to money, and, frankly, that should not be a shocking concept to anyone going all the way back to the beginning of our country when anonymous pamphlets were passed out supporting the American Revolution. Somebody paid for those.  Virtually any undertaking, whether it is raising money for Common Cause so that they can get their message out or raising money for a campaign so that it can get its message out or raising money for a political party so it can get its message out or by some group that wants to be critical of any of us up to and including the time just prior to an election, the Supreme Court has appropriately recognized that in order to have effective speech you have to be able to amplify your voice. That is not a new concept. It has been around since the beginning of the country.  So the fundamental issue, Mr. President, is this: Do we have too much political discourse in this country? I would argue that we clearly do not. The political discussion has increased in recent years for several reasons. No. 1, the effective means of communication costs more--nobody has capped inflation in the broadcast industry--and, No. 2, the stakes have been large.  The Congress was for many years sort of a wholly owned subsidiary of the folks on the other side of the aisle. But since 1994 it has been a good deal more competitive, so the voices have been louder. We had a robust election in 1996 about the future of the country, and a good deal of discussion occurred. But even then, Mr. President, that discussion, converted to money and compared to other forms of consumer consumption, if you will, in this country, was minuscule. One percent of all the commercials in America in 1996 were about politics. So it seems to me, Mr. President, by any standard, we are not discussing these issues too much.  The other side of the issue that must be addressed is, assuming it were desirable to restrict this discussion, is that a good idea? In order to do that, Mr. President, you have to have a Federal agency essentially trying to control not only the quantity but the quality of discourse in our country.  The Supreme Court has already made it quite clear that it is impermissible for the Government to control either the quantity or the quality of our political discussion in this country.  So this kind of regulatory approach to speech is clearly something the courts are not going to uphold. Nor should the Senate uphold that approach. Fundamentally that is the difference between the two sides on this issue.  Do we think there is too much speech? Or do we think there is too little? Do we think it is appropriate for the Government to regulate this speech? Or do we think it is constitutionally impermissible? That is the core debate here, Mr. President.  McCain-Feingold, in its most recent form, upon which we will be voting on a motion to table here shortly, in my view, clearly goes in the regulatory direction. It is based on the notion that there is too much political discussion in this country by parties and by groups.  Mr. President, the political parties do not exist for any other reason than to engage in political discussion. They financed issue advocacy ads with non-Federal money. The pejorative term for that is ``soft money,'' but it should not be a pejorative thing. The national political parties get involved in State elections, local elections. They need to be there to protect their candidates if they are attacked by the issue ads of someone else.  All of this is constitutionally protected speech. Obviously, we do not like it when they are saying something against us. We applaud it when somebody is trying to help us. But the problem is not too much discussion, Mr. President. America is not going to get in trouble because of too much discussion.  In fact, we have killed this kind of proposal now for 10 years. It is unrelated to the popularity of Congress. Congress is currently sitting on a 55 to 60 percent approval rating, the highest approval rating in the last 25 years. It achieved that approval rating in spite of the fact that this issue was not approved last year, nor the year before, and, Mr. President, I am confident will not be approved this afternoon.  So when a motion to table is made, I hope that the majority of the Senate will support a motion to table McCain-Feingold.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  