 I would like to begin my comments at this moment by asking who might have more influence over teenagers and smoking--Joe Camel or Leonardo DiCaprio? If we continue on this bill--and it is my fervent hope that we will not, as I believe it is not in the best interest of the country--or if it should come back, as those on the other side of the aisle are promising that it will, we will not have another tobacco debate that doesn't deal with the real culprit, which is the influence of Hollywood on our children and their encouragement, after watching fashionable movies, to take up this habit in which none of us believe teenagers should engage.  An overwhelming number of children under the age of 18 regularly view motion pictures and television productions. A lot more of them do that than look at any cigarette advertising. Depiction of the use of tobacco products and illegal narcotics is widespread in motion pictures and in television productions. Such depictions have increased in recent years, as indicated by recent studies that have found, first, that 77 percent of all major motion pictures in 1996 portrayed the use of tobacco. Let me repeat that. Seventy-seven percent of all major motion pictures in 1996 portrayed the use of tobacco. Fifty percent of the top grossing films released between 1990 and 1996 depicted scenes in which the major characters smoked cigarettes; 78 percent of movies, over the last 5 years, include tobacco use, with an average of 11 smoking incidents per hour--11 smoking incidents per hour; 75 percent of movies that included tobacco use showed leading and/or supporting actors smoking.  As Hillary Clinton has explained, every single movie nominated for a 1996 Academy Award in the categories of Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Actress featured tobacco use by a leading character. The Academy Award nominees for Best Picture in 1996 that featured this activity were: ``The English Patient,'' which was the winner; ``Fargo''; ``Jerry Maguire''; ``Secrets and Lies,'' and ``Shine.'' All of them featured tobacco use by the leading characters.  These depictions often deceptively portrayed the use of tobacco and illegal drugs as healthy, desirable, and socially acceptable. As one would expect after hearing these facts and figures, teenage use of tobacco products and illegal narcotics is on the rise.  Mr. President, I am raising the issue of whether teenagers are more influenced by Joe Camel or by Leonardo DiCaprio. I am not going to ask for a show of hands from the pages that are up here in the front of the Chamber. But I think I know the answer. I suspect anybody in America would know the answer. Clearly, the influence on teenage smoking as a result of depiction of smoking and glamorizing of smoking in movies is a very, very serious problem and considerably more significant than advertising.  The depictions in the movies often deceptively portray the use of tobacco and illegal drugs as healthy, desirable and socially acceptable.  As one would expect after hearing these facts and figures, teenage use of tobacco products and illegal narcotics is on the rise.  Let's think for just a minute about some of the classic moments in cinema history where smoking is glamorized.  Humphrey Bogart in ``Casablanca,'' James Dean in ``Rebel Without a Cause.''  We have here a blowup of ``Rebel Without a Cause.'' Here you see James Dean featured with a cigarette in his hands. That was sort of my generation back in the 1950s.  More recently, Julia Roberts in ``My Best Friend's Wedding,'' Jane Fonda in ``Agnes of God,'' or ``9 to 5,'' Rebecca DeMornay in ``Risky Business,'' Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta in ``Grease,'' which we have blown up again.  Here is Olivia Newton-John featured smoking in ``Grease.''  And who can forget the recent smash hit ``Titanic,'' which I referred to on the floor earlier in this debate. Leonardo DiCaprio who is currently, I am told, the teen idol of America--I see a few smiles on a few pages' faces down here. I think I probably got that right.  Leonardo DiCaprio is ``Smokin' Teen Idol'', and appeared, of course, in ``Titanic,'' the most watched movie of all time, ``Romeo and Juliet,'' ``Marvin's Room,'' ``Basketball Diaries,'' and ``This Boy's Life.''  We know ``Titanic'' is the highest grossing movie of all time at $554 million. If we assume that ticket prices, including matinees, average $6, then we can fairly estimate that over 90 million people have seen this blatant glamorization of smoking. And, unfortunately, a disproportionate share of those 90 million people are our children.  Let's face it. Who is more adored by the girls and idolized by the boys, as I asked earlier--Leonardo DiCaprio or Joe Camel? And in a study sponsored by the American Lung Association, youth watched 50 top box office movies to evaluate smoking. The youth concluded that a significant percentage of the scenes involved tobacco use that was ``sexy, exciting, powerful, sports-related, sophisticated and a means of celebration.''  Mr. President, I think it is time that Hollywood took responsibility. We need to send a message to Hollywood. ``Don't hook our kids on tobacco and illegal drugs.''  Under the first amendment, we cannot and would not seek to deny the right of free speech to anyone. However, as the Senate, we can and should encourage Hollywood to take responsible steps to protect our children. We can make sure that at least the Federal Government does not costar with Hollywood in any movies that glorify or glamorize tobacco.  Let me repeat, we can at least make sure that the Federal Government itself does not costar with Hollywood in any movies that glorify and glamorize tobacco.  Now, Mr. President, had this bill continued, or if it continues--I hope that it will not, but if it does--I will be offering an amendment that would do this. The Federal Government currently grants permits to Hollywood for the production of movies and TV shows, and we have seen in recent years more and more movies, at least in part, depicted on Federal property. The Government has granted Federal film privileges to motion pictures such as ``Top Gun,'' ``Biloxi Blues,'' ``The Hunt for Red October,'' ``In The Line of Fire,'' ``Clear and Present Danger,'' ``True Lies,'' ``Apollo 11,'' ``Apollo 13,'' ``Contact,'' ``Air Force One,'' ``Crimson Tide,'' and ``A Time to Kill.''  The Government currently makes these decisions based on the nature and the message of the proposed production. In other words, the Federal Government itself makes a decision whether or not to allow the use of Federal property, and it made that decision in each of those films. The Department of Defense decides whether to grant Federal filming privileges based on whether a production ``appears to condone or endorse activities . . . that are contrary to U.S. Government policy.''  Let me repeat. The current Department of Defense standard is as follows. They will grant the filming privilege based on whether a production ``appears to condone or endorse activities . . . that are contrary to U.S. Government policy.''  In other words, ``Top Gun'' is OK but ``GI Jane'' is not. So Government agencies are already reviewing scripts and deciding who gets Federal film privileges and who does not. So we ought to make sure our young people and tobacco are not left out of this review process. And the amendment I was going to offer, or would offer if we stay on this subject or come back to it, would simply say that no agency or department of the Federal Government may grant permission for the filming of a movie on Federal property where such movie depicts the use of tobacco or illegal drugs as healthy, desirable, or socially acceptable.  In other words, what I would do by this amendment, if and when I offer it, is require the Federal Government to make a decision about whether it is appropriate for movies filmed on Federal property to depict smoking. And the language should be that no agency or department may grant permission--in other words, we can't do it--for the filming of a movie on Federal property where such movie depicts the use of tobacco or illegal drugs as healthy, desirable, or socially acceptable.  Furthermore, the President has, as we all know, a lot of friends in Hollywood. That is fine. He is free to associate with whoever he chooses. He was just out there this week, I am told. So I would call on the President today to issue an Executive order--all of this could be done by Executive order--mandating that agencies comply with the provisions of the amendment I would have offered. In other words, the President can today or tomorrow issue an Executive order stating that no agency or department may grant permission for the filming of a movie on Federal property where such movie depicts the use of tobacco or illegal drugs as healthy, desirable, or socially acceptable.  Now, finally, Mr. President, had I offered the amendment--and I may well offer it; if we either stay on this bill orcome back to it later, I certainly will--the second part of the amendment would be a sense-of-the-Senate resolution. No one is more sensitive to the first amendment than the Senator from Kentucky, so this could only be done as a sense-of-the-Senate resolution. And this sense-of-the-Senate would go something like this, Mr. President: A parent should have adequate information about the nature and content of motion pictures and television productions.  Part 2 of the sense of the Senate would be: The television and motion picture industries have developed rating systems that help provide such information. Point 3: These rating systems currently provide that motion pictures and television productions restricted to mature audiences should receive the designation of ``R'' and ``TV-MA''--that is, TV-mature audience--respectively.  Such rating systems, Mr. President, however, provide insufficient information about the use of tobacco and illegal narcotics in motion pictures and in television productions.  The sense-of-the-Senate would be this, were I to offer it:       It is the sense of the Senate that the television and      motion picture industries should designate motion pictures      and television productions with the rating of ``R'' and ``TV-     MA,'' respectively, if such pictures or productions depict      the use of tobacco or illegal narcotics as healthy,      desirable, or socially acceptable.  Mr. President, in conclusion, this is not an amendment I am planning to offer at this time but will offer later if we get back to this issue or stay on it. It would do essentially two things:  No. 1--and this is something the President could do today --is to prevent motion pictures which use Federal property from featuring smoking--and the President could issue an Executive order to do that today--and, secondly, to call on the television and motion picture industry to rate any production that features smoking with an ``R'' or ``TV-MA;'' that is, TV-mature audience.  Mr. President, I thank you for the time and I yield the floor.  