 President, the Kentucky Farm Bureau and the hundreds of farmers that I met with on my recent farm belt tour convinced me that one of the most pressing issues facing Kentucky farmers is the problem of finding legal, migrant farm workers.  Kentucky farmers depend heavily on migrant agricultural workers that come to Kentucky under H-2A visas to help harvest tobacco and other crops. Kentucky depends on the H-2A visa program more than every other state, except North Carolina and Virginia.  The current H-2A process is slow, tedious and complex. It subjects farmers to unreasonable costs, excessive bureaucracy, and mountains of paperwork.  To add to the injustice, farmers are faced with frivolous lawsuits and IRS raids--often at the peak time of the harvest.  The Agriculture Job Opportunity Benefits and Security Act would lift the unfair burdens placed on farmers by reforming the H-2A visa program and reducing: the mountains of paperwork, the excessive bureaucracy, and the unfair threats of frivolous litigation.  In order to get migrant workers, a Kentucky farmer has to find his way through the Kentucky Department of Labor, the U.S. Department of Labor, and the Immigration and Naturalization Service--paying fees and filling out cumbersome, confusing paperwork all along the way.  Most farmers will tell you that it's easier to wade through the tax code and file a 1040 tax form every year than it is to slog through multiple government agencies and mountains of paperwork just to hire a migrant farm worker to help bale hay.  In fact, the Department of Labor needs a 325-page handbook to help farmers find their way to migrant farm workers. The Government Accounting Office managed to get through this handbook and found it to be outdated, incomplete and very confusing.  You shouldn't have to hire a lawyer just to hire a migrant farmer.  I'd like to take a couple of minutes to walk through some of the common problems faced by farmers and the common sense solutions offered by the bill we are introducing today.  Problem: Farmers are hesitant to use the process because it is too slow and complicated.  Solution: A simplified, streamlined H-2A visa program would encourage more farmers to go through the system to hire legal migrant farm workers.  Problem: Farmers must pay multiple fees, go through multiple agencies, and fill-out multiple documents.  Solution: A Department of Labor computer registry would be established to replace the current cumbersome and bureaucratic process. Farmers would submit a simple form asking for a certain number of workers at a specifiedtime. If there is an insufficient number of domestic workers available, then the DOL would contact the INS to initiate an expedited visa approval process for migrant farm workers. (All program costs would be paid for by employer user fees.)  Problem: Farmers must apply for workers 60 days in advance--even though they may not know exactly how many workers they will need or exactly when they will need them.  Solution: Farmers do not have to begin process two months in advance. They may apply any time prior to actually hiring foreign workers. The total process from initial application to actual hiring should take no more than 21 days.  Problem: DOL slows the process by failing to timely process applications. A GAO study found that DOL missed statutory deadlines in at least 40 percent of the cases.  Solution: Farmers do not have to wait for DOL. If the DOL does not either meet the deadline or issue a specific objection, then the INS is authorized to go ahead and issue visas for migrant workers.  Problem: Farmers have to spend hundreds of dollars advertising in the newspaper or on the radio to prove what they already know--that is, there is a shortage of domestic workers who will labor in the fields.  Solution: Farmers will not be required to engage in costly radio and newspaper advertising, but may recruit domestic workers by simply using the existing DOL job bank for available domestic workers. DOL will match domestic workers with jobs.  Problem: Farmers are required to pay wages that are often higher than both the minimum wage and the prevailing wage because the legal wage is calculated based on wages paid for all farming jobs, not the specific job in which the migrant worker employed.  Solution: Farmers would not have to pay exorbitant wages to migrant farm workers. They would be required to pay wages only up to the prevailing wage for the type of occupation in which the grower is actually employed. The wage would not be based on the wages earned by all persons in all farming jobs.  Problem: Farmers are faced with the threat of frivolous litigation for failing to meet vague and open-ended statutory and regulatory requirements.  Solution: The threat of litigation would be reduced by removing unfair burdens on farmers and by clearly spelling out statutory requirements.  Finally, let me respond to the critics of this compromise bill.  Critics wrongly claim the new alternative program has no labor protections.  The alternative program provides foreign and domestic workers with all the labor protections of federal and state labor laws. In addition, it imposes special obligations on participating employers such as payment of at least the prevailing wage.  The pilot program is modeled after the existing H-lB program for specialty and high-tech occupations. It requires employers to recruit domestic workers, and assures that domestic workers receive first preference for jobs.  Finally, the new program provides strict penalties for employers who fail to meet labor standards, including fines, back wages, and debarment from future program participation.  I wanted to commend the bipartisan group of Senators, led by Gordon Smith, who have worked together to craft a comprehensive and meaningful solution for our nation's farmers.  I was proud to be a cosponsor of Senator Smith's original bill, S. 1563, and am equally pleased to be a part of this compromise bill.  I look forward to working with the American Farm Bureau and the Kentucky Farm Bureau to move this bill in the Senate as soon as possible.  