 And the supporters of McCain-Feingold spent a lot of time trying to interpret the Furgatch decision as allowing the kind of suppression of issue advocacy by citizens that I think clearly is a misreading of the case.  Those who advocate McCain-Feingold and, for that matter, the Snowe-Jeffords substitute regulatory regimes, have precious few court cases on which to base their arguments. Most prominent among these is the ninth circuit's Furgatch decision, dating back to 1987. It is mighty slim, Mr. President, the Furgatch limb upon which their issue advocacy regulation case rests.  While Furgatch is not my favorite decision, it is certainly not the blank check for reformers who seek to shut down issue advocacy, either.  Furgatch was an express advocacy case, nothing short. It was about a different subject. It was an express advocacy case, not an issue advocacy case. It hinged on the content of the communication at issue--words, explicit terms--just as the Supreme Court required in Buckley and reiterated in Massachusetts Citizens for Life.  The words in Furgatch were not those contained in Buckley's footnote 52. Indeed, no one, least of all the Supreme Court, ever intended that the list--also known as ``footnote 52''--was exhaustive. That would defy common sense.  Desperate for even the thinnest constitutional gruel upon which to base their regulatory zeal to extend their reach to everyone who dares to utter a political word in this country, the FEC leapt at Furgatch and won't let go. FEC lawyers misread it, they also misrepresent it, and are rewarded with loss after loss in the courts.  In last year's fourth circuit decision ordering the FEC to pay one of its victims, the Christian Action Network's attorneys' fees, the Furgatch-as-blank-check-for-issue-advocacy-regulation fantasy was thoroughly dissected, debunked and dispensed with.  The court in the Christian Action Network case puts Furgatch in the proper perspective. Let me just read a couple of parts of the Christian Action Network case.  The court says:       . . . less than a month following the Court's decision in      [Massachusetts Citizens for Life], the Ninth Circuit in FEC      v. Furgatch . . . could not have been clearer that it, too,      shared this understanding of the Court's decision in Buckley.      Although the court declined to ``strictly limit'' express      advocacy to the ``magic words'' of Buckley's footnote 52      because that footnote's list does ``not exhaust the capacity      of the English language to expressly advocate election or      defeat of a candidate . . .       Curiously, the Ninth Circuit never cited or discussed the      Supreme Court's opinion in [Massachusetts Citizens for Life],      notwithstanding that [Massachusetts Citizens for Life] was      argued in the Supreme Court three months prior to the      decision in Furgatch and decided by the Court almost a month      prior to the Court of Appeals' decision. The Ninth Circuit      does discuss the First Circuit's opinion in [Massachusetts      Citizens for Life], but without noting that certiorari had      been granted to review the case. . . . Thus, the Furgatch      court relied upon Buckley alone, without the reaffirmation      provided by the Court in [Massachusetts Citizens for Life],      for its conclusion that explicit ``words'' or ``language'' of      advocacy are required if the Federal Election Campaign Act is      to be constitutionally enforced.       . . . the entire premise of the court's analysis was that      words of advocacy such as those recited in footnote 52 were      required to support Commission jurisdiction over a given      corporate expenditure.  The point here is that in case after case after case the FEC has lost in court seeking to restrict the rights of individual citizens to engage in issue advocacy. There is no basis for this effort. And the courts have been turning them down and turning them down and turning them down. In fact, there have been three cases in the last few months: North Carolina Right to Life versus Bartlett, April 30, 1998, an issue advocacy case decided consistent with the observations the Senator from Kentucky has made; Right to Life of Duchess County versus FEC, June 1, 1998 of this year, another decision consistent with the points the Senator from Kentucky has made; and Virginia Society of Human Life versus Caldwell, June 5 of this year.  In short, there is no constitutional way--and importantly, we are not going to do that by passing this unfortunate legislation--but there is no constitutional way that the government can shut these people up at any point, up to and including the election. There is no legal basis, no constitutional basis for the assumption that there are any restrictions that can be placed upon the ability of citizens to criticize elected officials, or anyone else for that matter, up to and including the day before the election.  Finally, let me say, as I mentioned yesterday, the institutions in America pushing the hardest for these restrictions on groups are the newspapers who engage in issue advocacy every day, both in their news stories and on their editorial pages, up to and including the election. Their issue advocacy would be totally untouched, and I am not arguing that we should touch it. I think they are free to speak. What bothers me about the newspapers, particularly the New York Times, the Washington Post and USA Today, they want to shut everybody else up. They want to have a free ride when it comes to criticizing political figures in proximity to an election. Fortunately, the courts would not allow that.  This measure is not going to pass so we won't have to worry about it, but it is a flawed concept, and I think it is important for our colleagues to understand that.  How much time do I have?  