 The Senator is correct.  Mr. McCONNELL. Maybe a good place to wrap up the morning discussion, which I think has been a good one, is to call to the attention of Members of the Senate an NPR morning edition commentary by a woman named Wendy Kaminer who is a professor at Radcliffe College--not exactly a bastion of conservatism. This was NPR's morning edition, December 3, 1997, on the subject we are debating here today.  Professor Kaminer said in her commentary that morning:       Protecting the act of spending money as we protect the act      of speaking means standing up for the rights of the rich,      something not many self-identified progressives are eager to      do.       But the realization that money controls the exercise of      rights is hardly new. Money translates into abortion rights,      for example, as well as speech. Indeed, liberals demand      Medicaid funding for abortions precisely because they      recognize that money insures reproductive choice. Money also      insures the right to run for office. Liberal support for      reforms that provide minimum public subsidies to candidates      is based on an implicit recognition that exercising political      speech requires spending money.       So proposed public financing schemes are based on the fact      that reformers like to deny--the fact that sometimes money      effectively equals speech. Reformers who support public      financing argue persuasively that candidates with no money      have virtually no chance to be heard in the political      marketplace. They want to provide more candidates with a      financial floor, in order to insure more political speech. It      is simply illogical for them to deny that a financial      celing--caps on contributions and expenditures--is a ceiling      on political speech.  It is absurd to deny that that is a cap on political speech. Professor Kaminer went on:       We need campaign finance reform that respects speech and      the democratic process; it would subsidize needy candidates      and impose no spending or contribution limits on anyone.  She says:       I'm not denying that money sometimes corrupts. It corrupts      everything, from politics to religion. But if some clergymen      spend the hard-earned money of their followers on fast women      and fancy cars, there are others who raise money in order to      spend it on the poor. While some politicians seek office for      personal gain, others seek to implement ideas, however      flawed. Money only corrupts people who are already      corruptible. It is terribly naive and misleading for      reformers to label their proposals ``clean election laws.''      Dirty politicians who sell access and lie to voters in      campaign ads will not suddenly become clean politicians when      confronted with limits on contributions and spending.       Reformers are guilty of false advertising when they market      campaign finance reform as a substitute for integrity.      Politicians are corrupted by money when they are      unprincipled. Limiting the flow of money to them will not      increase their supply of principles. And, in the end, money      may be less corrupting than a desire for power, which can      engender a willingness to pander rather than lead.  Finally, she says:       If I wanted to influence Bill Clinton, I would not write      him a check, I'd show him a poll.  So, Mr. President, it is the denial of the obvious to conclude that the limitation on the financing of campaigns or restrictions on the ability of individuals or groups to amplify their message is anything other than a degrading, a quantification, a limitation of their ability to express themselves in our democracy. And the bill that we have before us essentially seeks to weaken theparties and make it impossible for outside groups to criticize us in proximity to an election.  There is no chance the courts would uphold this, but fortunately we are not going to give them a chance to rule on this because we are not going to pass this ill-advised legislation.  Mr. President, how much time is left?  