 President, today marks another milestone in the extraordinarily successful tenure of my friend and colleague from Kentucky, Wendell Ford. He becomes the longest serving Senator in Kentucky history. I remember well when Senator Ford got his start; I was in law school at the University of Kentucky. I remember reading a story about a State Senate primary in Owensboro, KY, in which the Senate majority leader of the Kentucky State Senate was upset in the primary by an impressive young man named Wendell Ford, who had been involved in politics some time and had been in fact national president of the Jaycees.  Then in my senior year in law school, I remember this young State senator, who obviously didn't want to stay in the State senate too long, running for Lieutenant Governor and defeating the attorney general of Kentucky in that primary.  Then that November, an unusual thing happened in Kentucky--they elected a Republican Governor. It has not happened since. It is a fairly rare occurrence in our State. But State Senator Wendell Ford was elected Lieutenant Governor, so he beat one of those rare Republican tides in our State.  Then, as if that were not enough, 4 years later everybody in Kentucky thought that former Gov. Bert Combs, who subsequently had a distinguished career as a U.S. court of appeals judge, was a lead pipe cinch to be the next Governor of Kentucky and at the very least to win the Democratic primary. But Lt. Gov. Wendell Ford defeated, against everybody's expectations, former Governor Combs in the primary, and the rest is, as they say, history.  He came to the Senate, beating a Republican incumbent in 1974, and is into the final days of his fourth term. He has served Kentucky long and well, having had an extraordinarily successful public career. I join with all of my colleagues in congratulating him for his not only lengthy service but his excellent service on behalf of the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the people of the United States.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  