 President, I rise today to call attention to a serious and deeply troubling crisis in our country. This is a crisis of confidence, of credibility, and of integrity. Our Nation is indeed at a crossroads. Will we pursue the search for truth, or will we dodge, weave, and evade the truth?  I am, of course, referring to the investigation into serious allegations of illegal conduct by the President of the United States--that the President has engaged in a persistent pattern and practice of obstruction of justice. The allegations are grave, the investigation is legitimate, and ascertaining the truth--the whole truth, and nothing but the unqualified, unevasive truth--is absolutely critical. The search for truth is being led by a highly capable former Solicitor General of the United States and a former judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, Kenneth Starr.  Mr. President, I am deeply troubled today because Judge Starr's pursuit of the truth is being undermined every step of the way, every single day, in the press by those whose sole mission is to attack and impugn the court-appointed independent prosecutor and the congressionally created process. These attackers are not the journalists or the broadcasters.  Mr. President, what troubles me the most here is that these reckless attacks and ruthless onslaughts are being carried out by the closest advisers to the President of the United States.  Just this past Sunday on Meet the Press, Paul Begala, Assistant to the President, accused Judge Starr of leaks and lies and called him ``corrupt.'' That is not a paraphrase, that is a direct quote. He actually used the word ``corrupt.'' The smear campaign is being orchestrated by the White House.  Obviously, I can't vouch for the truth or falsity of the obstruction-of-justice charges against the President. But what I can tell you is that the assaults on Judge Starr, the character assassination against the court-appointed independent prosecutor, is authorized and approved by the President of the United States. And it should stop.  The White House and the First Lady have announced that the President's problems are nothing more than a ``vast right-wing conspiracy.'' As many commentators have pointed out, this so-called conspiracy is so vast and so broad that it encompasses both the media and a White House intern.  But I would like to point out today that the vast and broad conspiracy just got bigger. Apparently, this vast right-wing conspiracy is so sweeping and so pernicious that, in 1993, it compelled a Democrat-chaired Ethics Committee in a Democratic-controlled Congress to appoint Judge Kenneth Starr to help investigate whether Republican Senator Bob Packwood should be expelled from the U.S. Senate.  Mr. President, let me refresh the recollection of the Senate regarding the 3-year Packwood investigation, which began in late 1992 and ended with Senator Packwood's resignation in 1995.  I was the vice chairman, and later the chairman, of the Ethics Committee during that investigation. As everyone will recall, that investigation was a very sensitive, personal and serious matter. It involved the allegation that Senator Packwood had ``engaged in sexual misconduct'' and ``attempted to intimidate and discredit the alleged victims, and misuse[d] official staff in attempts to intimidate and to discredit.''  During this lengthy investigation, Senator Packwood objected to the Ethics Committee's review of his personal diary entries in the fall of 1993. The committee proposed a process where the diaries would be reviewed by an independent hearing examiner who would serve two functions: First, the examiner would review the diaries to ensure that the committee would see all relevant and probative information. Second, the examiner was asked to protect the privacy interests of Senator Packwood, his family and friends.  The Ethics Committee had to choose a person who was fair, impartial, prudent, and trustworthy. Someone who wouldn't be on a vendetta against Democrats or Republicans; someone who had earned the clear respect of both parties; someone with the highest integrity; someone with a clean track record; a man with sound credentials, who was above reproach. And the Ethics Committee chose such a man.  They chose a man who was the son of a Baptist minister, a graduate of Duke University Law School, a former clerk for Chief Justice Warren Burger. The Ethics Committee--chaired at the time by a Democrat in a Democrat-controlled Congress--chose a man who was the former Solicitor General of the United States, a former judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals.  That man was Kenneth Starr.  Let me tell you who was on the committee at that time. The committee was chaired by my colleague from Nevada, Dick Bryan. The Republicans on the committee included myself, Senator Craig and Senator Bob Smith of New Hampshire. The other Democrats were my dear colleagues, Senator Mikulski of Maryland and the current minority leader, Senator Tom Daschle.  The matter was not quiet and secretive. The entire U.S. Senate knew who would be called upon to exercise impartiality, discretion, and judgment in a highly important and highly sensitive matter. We actually discussed this matter on the floor of the Senate because there was a needed Senate action to enforce the subpoenas. Senator Alan Simpson referred to Judge Starr as ``a splendid man,'' and ``a man of judgment, honesty, integrity, and common sense.''  Senator Arlen Specter stated, ``Many people have spoken about[Judge Starr's] integrity, and the committee has already endorsed his standing. . . . If Judge Starr makes a judgment, that is the judgment. That is it.''  My colleagues on the other side didn't object or dispute that notion. For example, Senator John Kerry, of Massachusetts, voiced the consensus opinion when he declared on the Senate floor that ``Judge Starr is certainly a neutral party.''  And, it didn't stop with the Democratic-chaired Ethics Committee and the Democrat-controlled Congress. In 1994, the U.S. District Court in the District of Columbia had to choose someone to serve as a special master to help enforce the Ethics Committee's subpoena for the Packwood diaries.  The court had to choose a man who was fair, impartial, prudent, and trustworthy; again, someone who wouldn't be on a vendetta against Democrats or Republicans; again, someone who had earned the clear respect of both parties, and someone with the highest integrity, who was above reproach.  The court chose such a man, Mr. President. It chose the former Solicitor General of the United States and a former judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals, Kenneth Starr.  So, today, we examine the White House's ludicrous, self-serving claim of a ``vast right-wing conspiracy'' and find that the conspiracy has ensnared even more than we would have ever imagined. The ``vast right-wing conspiracy'' can now count as members the Democrat-chaired Ethics Committee in 1993 and the then Democrat-controlled Senate. And, lest we forget, the conspiracy can also count the Federal District Court for the District of Columbia as one of its members.  My point here, Mr. President, is simple: The attacks on Kenneth Starr are unfounded and unproductive. The attacks are, in fact, unconscionable.  Let me point out, as far as this crazy conspiracy theory is concerned, most people would agree that the Senator from Kentucky has fairly solid conservative Republican credentials. If somebody were engineering a ``vast right-wing conspiracy,'' I think I might have gotten wind of it. Furthermore, let me point out that I don't know Ken Starr. I do not recall ever meeting him in my 14 years in Washington. If he were a fire-breathing Republican ideologue, one would think that, as active in Republican politics as I have been over the last 15 years, I might have run into him someplace along the line.  The crisis in the White House is a crisis for our entire country. The crisis will only be resolved by a fair and sober search for the truth. It is clear from the record that Judge Starr is the right man for this job. I think that it is important for the President and his people to stop this smear campaign. Let Ken Starr do his court-appointed job and let the American people learn the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  