 President, some in the press have suggested there is a sense of momentum for this issue because it passed the House of Representatives. I would remind my colleagues that a measure similar to this passed the House in the 101st Congress, the 102d Congress, and the 103d Congress. So it is not unusual, I would say, for the House of Representatives to pass this kind of legislation. It has happened before, and I would say it does not reveal any sense of momentum behind a plan that is constitutionally flawed. Speaking of the Constitution, we were on this same issue last fall and then we were on it again in February. The outcome was the same during those debates, and in a sense what we are doing is having the same debate once again.  There have been suggestions, particularly on the other side, that the courts might be open to changing the Buckley case or revisiting it in some way. So I think it is always appropriate, when we have these periodic campaign finance debates, to bring my colleagues up to date on what has been happening in the courts. As we all know, the so-called reformers have been out around the country seeking to get new laws on the books at various States and localities, some by referendum, some by State statute. All of those, of course, are subsequently found in the courts, in litigation. So what I would like to do here at the outset is give my colleagues an update on what is happening in the courts; all of these court cases, by the way, reaffirming Buckley in one way or another.  I would remind everyone--I think everyone in this Chamber surely knows the Buckley case, Buckley v. Valeo, the landmark case in the area of campaign finance reform which has not been changed by any of the courts over the last almost 25 years. In fact, court decisions have deepened and broadened areas of permissible political speech over the quarter of a century since this landmark case, widely thought to have been written by Justice Brennan. So let me just run down a few cases that have been decided just since April of this year, since there is a good deal of litigation emanating from these State efforts to restrict the rights of people to be involved in political activity.  On April 17, in Americans for Medical Rights v. Heller, the United States District Court for the District of Nevada held that the Nevada State Constitution could not be enforced so as to prevent issue advocacy groups from contributing more than $5,000 to a ballot initiative. This was a court response to an effort to try to shut up groups in criticizing politicians--very similar to the measure currently before us which seeks to make it essentially impossible for a group to criticize a politician in proximity to an election.  On April 27, in Kruse v. Cincinnati, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit held that a Cincinnati ordinance placing spending caps on campaigns for city council violated the first amendment. This case is noteworthy. Here was a conscious effort on the part of the city council in Cincinnati to get a court, some court, to revisit the question of whether spending limits were permissible. This is something the Buckley case struck down forthwith, and forthrightly. That effort to get the court to reverse its decision was unsuccessful.  On April 29, in North Carolina Right to Life v. Bartlett, the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina held a State statute that attempted to regulate issue advocacy groups as unconstitutional. That is the same issue we have before us in the McCain-Feingold amendment, the effort by the Government to try to regulate constitutionally protected issue advocacy.  On June 1, in FEC v. Akins, the Supreme Court held that voters have standing to challenge the FEC's dismissal of an administrative complaint. Although the Court remanded the case for further proceedings, the Court strongly suggested that a membership organization's communications withits own members would not meet the definition of ``expenditures'' subject to regulation by Congress.  In another case, on June 1, in Right to Life of Dutchess County v. FEC, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York joined a chorus of many other Federal groups in striking down--striking down--an FEC regulation that prohibited corporate speech, even though that speech stopped short of the ``express advocacy'' standard adopted in the Buckley case.  Then on June 4, in Russell v. Burris, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit held that contribution limits of $300 to certain State candidates violated the first amendment and that special privileges to so-called ``small donor'' PACs violated the equal protection clause.  On June 11, in State of Washington v. 119 Vote No!, the Supreme Court of Washington held that a State statute which prohibits a person from sponsoring, with actual malice, a political advertisement containing a false statement of material fact to be facially unconstitutional.  On July 21, in Virginia Society for Human Life v. Caldwell, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit held that a Virginia campaign finance statute could not reach the conduct of groups that engaged in issue advocacy.  On July 23, in Shrink Missouri Government PAC v. Adams, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit held that a first amendment challenge of a State statute limiting campaign contributions was so likely to succeed that a preliminary injunction should issue preventing Missouri from enforcing the statute.  On July 23, in Suster v. Marshall, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit enjoined the enforcement of a provision of the Ohio Code of Judicial Conduct which capped spending in a judicial election for the Ohio Common Pleas Court at $75,000--again, a court decision striking down spending limits.  On August 10, in Alaska Civil Liberties Union v. the State of Alaska, the Superior Court for the State of Alaska granted summary judgment, ruling Alaska's campaign finance reform legislation unconstitutional and, therefore, null and void.  Finally, on August 11, in Vannatta v. Keisling, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held that an Oregon ballot measure passed into law which prohibited State candidates from using or directing any contributions from out-of-district residents and penalizing candidates when more than 10 percent of their total funding comes from such individuals does not survive scrutiny under the first amendment.  My reason for the recitation of these cases is these are cases just since April, and every single one of them, at least three of which are right on the point of issue advocacy, which is what we have before us today, have ruled these government restrictions unconstitutional.  So there is virtually no chance--no chance--that the restrictions on citizens' ability to engage in issue advocacy contained in McCain-Feingold will be upheld as constitutional. There is certainly no evidence that the courts are moving in the direction of allowing governments at any level to restrain the voices of citizens at any time in proximity to an election or any other time.  Mr. President, issue advocacy is, of course, as I said, constitutionally protected speech. The New York Times, the Washington Post, and USA Today are some of the most aggressive users of issue advocacy. These multimillion-dollar corporations express themselves without limitation at any point, both in the news sections and on the editorial pages. They are the practitioners of the first amendment.  The problem with the New York Times, the Washington Post, and USA Today is that they think the first amendment only applies to them. It is amusing to look at the amount of space dedicated over the last 2 years by these three newspapers to their efforts to aid and abet those who would shut up citizens and make it difficult for them to exercise their constitutional rights.  Just looking at the New York Times, they have editorialized on the subject of campaign finance reform between July 1, 1997, and September 9, 1998, 82 times. The average number of days between campaign finance editorials in the New York Times is 8. On the average, every 8 days, the New York Times is lobbying for campaign finance reform, which they have a constitutional right to do. What is particularly amusing is the way in which they do it, which is remarkably similar to issue advocacy that groups engage in frequently on television.  The typical issue ad says at the end of the ad, ``Call Congressman'' so-and-so ``and tell him to either keep on doing what he is doing'' or ``stop doing what he is doing.'' I thought it was particularly amusing that the April 21, 1998, editorial in the New York Times was just like issue advocacy. The same opportunity they would deny to anyone else, they engaged in themselves.  They opined here about the importance of passing their version of campaign finance reform and then listed Members of the House and their phone numbers--exactly the kind of thing they don't want anybody else to do. Exactly the kind of thing they would prohibit every other American citizen from doing in proximity to an election, they are doing right here on the editorial page.  Of course, the newspapers are exempt from the Federal Election Campaign Act. I think they should be exempt, but I find it disingenuous in the extreme for them to engage in the very same practice. This is a huge, multi-, probably billion-dollar, American corporation, a corporation engaging in issue advocacy, putting the heat on elected officials, putting their phone numbers in there, saying call them--call them up and tell them to do this or not to do that. That is what they don't want anybody else in America to be able to do.  Mr. President, part of what is at the root of this debate is: Who is going to have the opportunity to express themselves, who is going to be able to engage in political discourse, in this country? Just newspapers and nobody else? Boy, that would be a good deal for them. That is exactly what they have in mind, because they practice issue advocacy every day, and sometimes it is remarkably similar to the issue ads you see on television run by organized labor, or plaintiffs' lawyers, or you name it. ``Call Congressman'' so-and-so, ``and tell him to do'' this or do that, it said in the New York Times of April 21.  The Washington Post has been not far behind, another megacorporation which exists for the purpose of influencing political discourse in this country. This big corporation, of course, like the other big corporation I just mentioned, the New York Times, is exempt from the Federal Election Campaign Act, and this big corporation, too, would like to restrict the speech of other American citizens in order to enhance its own views.  On the subject of campaign finance reform, going back to January 1, 1997, the Washington Post has written 53 editorials. The average number of days between editorials on campaign finance reform in the Washington Post is 12. So, Mr. President, every 12 days, this great, huge American corporation is lobbying the Congress to take a particular position on campaign finance reform.  I defend their right to do it, but I find it amusing--if not really troubling more than amusing--that this kind of corporation should have this kind of influence and everybody else in society in proximity to an election would be essentially muffled from being able to mention a candidate's name in proximity to an election.  So some big corporations would have an advantage; others a disadvantage. That is what the Washington Post would like--more power and more advantage. USA Today, another huge American corporation--between January 1, 1997, and today, USA Today has run 25 editorials on the subject of campaign finance reform. That is an average of one every 25 days--another major American corporation seeking to influence the course of this legislation, which also supports McCain-Feingold, which would make it impossible for anybody else to do the same thing in proximity to an election.  The USA Today editorial just yesterday was remarkably akin to an issue ad, Mr. President, remarkably akin to an issue ad, just like the New York Times editorial back in April I mentioned awhile ago. They state their case on the editorial page, and then they list all the Republican Senators, and particularly they highlight thosewho are up for reelection this year. And they put their phone numbers by their names. Issue advocacy, Mr. President; within 60 days of an election.  Under the bill they support, over at USA Today, nobody else in America could do this, could mention a candidate's name within 60 days of an election. So this big corporation would have its power further enhanced by the quieting of the voices of everybody else in America who sought to express themselves within 60 days of an election by maybe saying something unkind about some Member of Congress.  So, Mr. President, there isn't any question; there is an enormous transfer of influence and power to the part of corporate America that owns and operates newspapers. Of course they are enthusiastic about this kind of legislation. This industry, the newspaper industry, which already has an enormous amount of power, would be dramatically more powerful if the kind of legislation we have before us were passed.  Some would argue there is a media loophole in the Federal Election Campaign Act because they are exempt from all of these restrictions that currently apply to everybody else, and certainly would be exempt of the greater restrictions that this legislation seeks to place on Americans of all kinds.  Mr. President, there are some Americans who believe that newspapers are a bigger problem, a bigger problem than campaign contributors. There was an interesting article back on October 21, 1997--excuse me, Mr. President, it is a Rasmussen poll, an interesting finding.       More than 80% of Americans would like to place restrictions      on the way that newspapers cover political campaigns. In      fact, restricting newspaper coverage is far more popular than      public funding of campaigns.  Restrictions on newspaper coverage is far more popular than public funding of campaigns. This is the American people in a poll in late 1997 discussing the influence of newspapers on the political process.  Further, in the description of the poll finding, it says:       One reason for the public desire to restrict newspapers is      that Americans think reporters and editorial writers have a      bigger impact on elections than campaign contributions.  