  First of all, Mr. President, the Constitution requires that we end this race-based quota.  ISTEA's race presumption was specifically addressed in the case I just referred to where the Supreme Court found that the presumptions subjected individuals to unequal treatment under the law. The Court ruled that the presumption was unconstitutional unless the Government, as I said, could establish that the race-based program was narrowly tailored to meet a compelling Government interest. That is the test.  This past summer, the district court in Colorado, as I just indicated to my good friend from Montana, followed the Supreme Court's lead and found that the Government, in fact, could not meet the Supreme Court's test.  Specifically, the district court ruled, as in the chart that I referred to--and if I said the Supreme Court, I stand corrected--the district court ruled, as I just referred to the chart, section 1003(b) of ISTEA and the regulations promulgated thereunder are unconstitutional.  The court went on to declare that the Government was precluded from the use of percentage goals found in and promulgated pursuant to ISTEA.  It could not be more clear that the Supreme Court set up the standard, sent it back down to the district court, they applied the standard, and found this provision unconstitutional.  It is now incumbent upon the legislative branch to bring ISTEA into compliance with Adarand and the Constitution. That is precisely what my amendment does, plain and simple. It prohibits the highway program from engaging in discrimination or preferential treatment based on skin color and gender.  In fact, as I indicated earlier, we all remember how we began our careers here by swearing to uphold the Constitution. Here is a clear example of a legislative provision that has been litigated, been found unconstitutional, and, surprisingly enough, is still being proposed to continue as part of the law of the land.  So we have, on the one hand, the courts telling us loud and clear that ISTEA's racial preferences are unconstitutional and, on the other hand, our own public oath to uphold, support, and defend the Constitution. We have little choice but to comply with the unambiguous, unequivocal mandate of the courts and end this unconstitutional race-based program.  Every time the Government hands out a highway contract to one person based on race or gender, it discriminates against another person based on race or gender. Michael Cornelius recently spoke poignantly to this point before the Constitution Subcommittee over in the House of Representatives. He explained that his firm was denied a Government contract under ISTEA, even though his bid was $3 million lower than the nearest competitor--$3 million lower. Mr. Cornelius' bid was rejected because the Government felt that the bid did not use enough minority- or women-owned subcontractors.  If you think that ISTEA's quota is only a goal, just ask Michael Cornelius. The Cornelius bid proposed to commit 26.5 percent of the work to firms owned by minorities and women. Yet 26.5 percent was not enough, in the world of so-called ``goals and timetables.'' These goals and timetables are more appropriately called quotas and set-asides. You see, the combined Federal, State, and local goal under ISTEA was 29 percent, and Mr. Cornelius' 26.5 percent did not perfectly match the Government's so-called goal, and thus the Government awarded the contract to the highest bidder--the highest bidder, Mr. President.  Do you know how much the winning bidder proposed to contract to minority firms? I'll bet you can guess. I'll tell you how much work the winning bid promised to funnel to preferred firms--29 percent. Surely that is a coincidence, that the winning firm met the so-called goal exactly, right on the point. But, you know, the average person would hear this story and conclude that 29 percent is not merely a goal. The average person would conclude that this so-called goal is really a quota, and that is, in fact, precisely what it is. It is a race-based quota and it is unfair, unconstitutional and, frankly, just plain un-American.  So here we have the Government committing racial and gender discrimination and paying $3 million extra just to do it. Let me repeat. We have the Government committing racial and gender discrimination and paying $3 million extra just to do it. The message to Mr. Cornelius, his wife, his children and his employees, over 80 percent of whom are women and minorities, is: Sorry about the discrimination against all of you, but the Federal Government requires it. The Federal Government requires the discrimination. Mr. Cornelius has publicly challenged Congress to give contracts to the lowest bidder and spend the excess millions of dollars in ways that will actually help low-income minorities, and that is exactly what my amendment proposes.  This story of unfairness and discrimination is only one of the many, many stories that result from the unconstitutional ISTEA quota mandate. It is important to remember, as we debate this amendment, that discrimination by any other name is still discrimination and it strikes at the very core of the person being discriminated against.  Next, respect for our States and our cities compels Congress to end the ISTEA quota. More and more States are being forced to choose between court decisions, on the one hand, that order the termination of preference programs, and, on the other hand, Federal Department of Transportation officials who order them to promote preference programs as a condition for receiving Federal aid. So here we have it, a situation in which a State or a city is caught between a court decision saying you cannot do this anymore and a Federal Department of Transportation saying you must do it or you cannot have any money. The administration would have the American people believe that Adarand is only one decision by one court. It is much more than that. It is a landmark Supreme Court decision and is now the law of the land. Moreover, it is part of a widespread series of recent court orders striking down preferences.  According to the Congressional Research Service, the Adarand decision ``largely conforms to a pattern of Federal rulings which have invalidated State and local government programs to promote minority contracting in Richmond, San Francisco, San Diego, Dade County, FL, Atlanta, New Orleans, Columbus, OH, Louisiana, and Michigan, among others.'' And new challenges continue to be filed. Congress must act now to allow cities and States to get out of this constitutional crossfire that they are caught between: On the one hand, courts saying you cannot operate that way anymore and, on the other hand, the Federal Department of Transportation saying you must operate that way.  I pointed out in some detail the very real human and societal costs of ISTEA's racial preferences. Let me also point out that ISTEA has serious financial costs for our country. Every time the Government ignores the lowest bidder and pays more for a highway contract based on race, it costs the taxpayers real and substantial dollars. As I pointed out in Mr. Cornelius' case, the cost was $3 million. But there is a global cost as well. Based on a 1994 study by the General Accounting Office, ISTEA's racial preferences over the next 6 years will cost the Nation $1.1 billion in unnecessary construction costs. And that doesn't even include the administrative costs of running the program, certifying firms as officially preferred every single year, and then running an elaborate enforcement scheme to ensure that everybody meets the racial quotas on every transportation contract.  Also, that $1 billion does not include litigation costs. As I pointed out, racial contracting programs are being struck down all across the country and more cases continue to be filed. State governments and the Federal Government are being forced to spend countless dollars defending plainly unconstitutional race-based quotas. So, let me reiterate. We are authorizing a bill that not only requires discrimination, it wastes over $1 billion of taxpayer money by ignoring low bidders and funneling contracts to persons who are of the officially approved race and gender.  The Federal Government ought to take the lead in ensuring that all citizens are given opportunities without regard to race, color, national origin, or gender. In that spirit of equality and entrepreneurship, my amendment displaces the race-based Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program with a race-neutral Emerging Business Enterprise Program. So let me make sure everybody understands. My amendment replaces the race-based Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program with a race-neutral Emerging Business Enterprise Program.  My amendment requires every State that receives Federal highway dollars to take concrete and specific action to enable emerging businesses to compete for highway contracts and subcontracts. For example, States will be required to maintain a directory of emerging business enterprises and specifically provide outreach and recruiting for highway contracts. The bill also requires targeted outreach and recruiting of emerging businesses owned by women and minorities. Finally, States will be required to provide technical services and assistance on critical issues such as bonding, lending, and general business management, including estimating and bidding practices.  This amendment requires a major outreach effort to make sure that people understand how to compete for business. The emerging business enterprise amendment offers genuine opportunity for substantive business development of all emerging businesses, regardless of race or gender. The emerging business enterprise program will allow small businesses to learn how to compete instead of simply developing a destructive dependence on bid preferences.  One example of the destructive tendency of preferences comes from a very thoughtful book entitled, ``The Affirmative Action Fraud.'' In that book, Clint Bolick explains that the Rocky Mountain News recently tracked 100 companies that received contracts in 1985 under the city of Denver's racial preference program. Denver's minority contracting program required that a certain percentage of all contracts had to be funneled to minority-owned firms. Ten years later--that was in 1985--10 years later, 42 minority firms had gone out of business, 34 were still dependent on this supposedly temporary program, and only 24 were still in business and actually independent from the program.  In point of fact, the current DBE program has a dismal graduation rate. According to a GAO study, between 1988 and 1992, fewer than 1 percent of the DBE firms graduated from the DBE program. The General Accounting Office reviewed six States to see how the States were preparing DBEs to compete. In 1992, those 6 States had 4,717 certified disadvantaged business enterprises. Out of those, 4,717 DBEs, only 17 graduated--17 out of 4,717. And most of the DBEs had been in the program at least 3 years and apparently had learned very little.  The EBE program is a much needed replacement of the failed and unconstitutional DBE program. Even the Department of Transportation has conceded that the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program does not prepare minority businesses to compete in the real world. On May 30 of last year, DOT acknowledged the low graduation rates of its firms and conceded in the fine print of the Federal Register that, ``The DBE program does not provide for an encompassing business development program.''  In short, all Federal contracting programs should meet a four-pronged test. They must be constitutional, colorblind, merit-based, and inclusive--constitutional, colorblind, merit-based, and inclusive. My race-neutral amendment will ensure that the Federal highway program passes this test.  It is time to end the divisive discriminatory practice of awarding highway and transit construction contracts based on race, gender and ethnicity of a company's ownership. Respect for our Constitution, our courts, our States, and our individual citizens demands no less.  It is time to move beyond racial quotas and set-asides and focus our national effort on improving the ability of small businesses, especially those who are women and minorities, to compete through genuine outreach and business development--genuine outreach and business development, and that, Mr. President, is what this amendment would do. It would takeout the clearly unconstitutional Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program, which is not only unconstitutional, but a conspicuous failure, and replace it with a race-neutral emerging business enterprise program that complies with the Constitution and can succeed.  Mr. President, I will stop at this point and inquire as to how much time I have remaining.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). The Senator has 3 hours 38 minutes remaining.  Mr. McCONNELL. I yield to the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire whatever time he may need.  