 President, I rise today to speak, yet again, on the issue of limiting tobacco trial lawyer fees to a reasonable level.  Unfortunately, the Senate has repeatedly refused to limit the fees to a reasonable wage. And, now we are forced to consider an amendment to allow tobacco trial lawyers to earn as much as $4,000 an hour!  But--Mr. President--$4000 an hour is better than the alternative and it's about all we have left. We've tried to cap the fees at a reasonable level, and that's been rejected. A cap of $4000 an hour is our last alternative. If we fail to pass the Gorton amendment, then we will be allowing attorneys to make as much as $88,000 an hour!  Let me remind my colleagues of how we got to $4000 an hour. First, we tried to limit the fees to $250 an hour--nearly 50 times the minimum wage. This attempt was soundly rejected by the Senate. $250 an hour was simply not enough for the trial lawyers.  So, Senator Faircloth, Senator Sessions and I got together to regroup and try again. We discussed how much is enough for the trial lawyers? $500/hour? $750/hour?  We debated these amounts--and frankly--it turned our stomachs to think about the federal government approving a bill to give tobacco trial lawyers $500 an hour or $750 an hour. Especially when you consider that the average lawyer in America only earns about $48 an hour and the average doctor only earns about $100 an hour.  But, we knew that it would be difficult to get the friends of the trial bar to agree to any limit at all. So, we held our noses and introduced a new amendment to cap the lawyer fees at $1000 an hour! Surely, $1000 an hour would be considered a fair wage for the trial bar.  Mr. President, was $1,000 an hour enough for the friends of the trial bar? No, absolutely not. They needed much more. They wanted to maintain the status quo. They wanted the Senate to keep the National Trial Lawyer Enrichment Bill intact.  The friends of the trial bar wanted us to continue to allow: lawyers in Minnesota to earn $4,500 an hour; lawyers in Florida to earn $7,000 an hour--assuming of course that these Florida lawyers worked 24 hours a day for three-and-a-half years; lawyers in Mississippi to earn $10,000 an hour; and lawyers in Texas to earn $88,000 an hour.  So, we tried to cap the fees at $1000 an hour and we lost 50-45. We got closer, but still not enough.  So Senator Gorton has put together a comprehensive outer-limits amendment that says--$4,000 an hour is better than $88,000 an hour. Surely, we can get 51 Senators to agree to that notion.  Now, let me take a minute to address two or three issues raised by the proponents of unlimited billionaire fees for trial lawyers.  Billionaire Lawyer Argument No. 1: ``We're just businesspeople, like anybody else'':  First, Senator Daschle argued a few days ago that the Senate should not limit plaintiff's lawyer fees because ``[a] lawyer is a legal businessperson.'' So, Senator Daschle is effectively arguing that we should no longer see lawyers as lawyers, but rather we should see them as businessmen and venture capitalists--a few good men looking to make a buck.  With all due respect, I could not disagree more. Lawyers are not supposed to be businessmen and businesswoman out to make up a buck. It is this type of make-a-buck-at-any-cost mentality that drives so much wasteful and frivolous litigation in our society. Too often, litigation is about enriching the lawyer, not compensating the client.  Mr. President, every first-year law student is taught that he or she is not some businessperson out to make a buck. I remember my days in law school where our professors taught us that we were supposed to be fiduciaries--representing the interests of our client, not our own selfish, profit-making interests.  In fact, legal ethics prohibit attorneys from charging fees that are not ``reasonable.'' As Professor Lester Brickman explained in today's Wall Street Journal: ``If the standard of reasonableness has any meaning, it is surely violated by fees of tens of thousands of dollars an hour?''  Moreover, Professor Brickman concluded:       The public has a compelling interest in preserving legal      ethics, including th[e] rule that fees must be reasonable.      The higher the fees tort lawyers get, the greater the share      they take of injured clients' recoveries. Moreover, the      higher the fees, the more tort litigation and the more costs      that are imposed on society. The civil justice system, which      generates the fees that Mr. Daschle does not want curbed,      exists to serve citizens. Lawyers are not businesspeople;      they are professionals entrusted with the people's      businesses.  So, Mr. President, every lawyer in America knows that he or she has no constitutional right to charge excessive and unreasonable fees. We must pass the Gorton amendment as our last best hope of ensuring that the fees get somewhere near reasonable and rational.  Billionaire Lawyer Argument No. 2: ``Private Contracts Can Never Be Altered'':  Second, the proponents of unlimited lawyer fees argue that the federal government cannot interfere with private contracts in any way, shape or form.  This argument is absolutely nonsensical. The tobacco bill is full of provisions that may force tobacco companies to abrogate contracts with retailers and advertisers--among others. The Supreme Court has made clear that ``Congress may set minimum wages, control prices, or create causes of action that did not previously exist.''  Furthermore, the Court has made clear that private parties may not preempt governmental action by simply entering a contract. Can you imagine if every time that we passed a new minimum wage law, we exempted all employers who have a previous contractwith their employees to pay at a level lower than the new minimum wage? Can you imagine the outcry in the Senate if we exempted private parties from a new minimum wage law whenever those parties had a contract ``preempting'' Congressional action?  I also find it curious that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle argue on the one hand that the right of contract is inviolate and above Congressional action--yet on the other hand, argue that the right of contract may be violated by some unknown arbitration panel.  So, the friends of plaintiffs bar argue that an unknown arbitration panel may modify contracts, but the United States Senate--the elected representatives of the people--may not modify fee contracts.  Which one is it? Can we adjust these contracts or can we not adjust contracts? Mr. President, we can't have it both ways. We can't say out of one side of our mouths that the fees and contracts can be adjusted by an arbitration panel, and then say out of the other side of our mouth that the fees and contracts are a done deal and may not be adjusted by Congressional action.  The bill as currently written says that all types of contracts can be adjusted by this sweeping federal regulatory bill. In particular, the bill says that lawyer fee contracts can be adjusted by an arbitration panel.  So, frankly, I am tired of hearing that contracts cannot be adjusted and that fees cannot be made reasonable. If we are giving the arbitration panel the ability to adjust contracts and fees, then it is perfectly consistent to establish a fee ceiling and a frame of reference for adjusting these contracts and fees.  Billionaire Lawyer Argument No. 3: ``$4,000 Is Too Generous'':  I was amazed this morning to hear those who carry the water for the trial bar arguing that $4,000/hour is too much money for their friends to earn. Yes, Mr. President, you heard me right. Some of the friends of the trial bar are now arguing that $4,000 an hour is too much money for the trial bar.  So, let me get this straight. $250 an hour is not enough money for the lawyers. But, $4,000 an hour is too much money for the lawyers.  What about something in between $250 and $4,000? Oh, say, $1,000 an hour. What about $1,000 an hour as a midpoint? Oh wait a minute, the Senate rejected that amount to.  So $250 an hour is not enough. $4,000 an hour is too much. And, $1,000, I suppose, just doesn't feel right.  If $4,000 an hour is too high, then what is $88,000 an hour?  I'll tell you what $88,000 an hour is--it's how much money we are going to allow the attorney general to pay the lawyers in Texas if we don't pass the Gorton amendment.  We must pass the Gorton amendment. It deals with every possible permutation and takes into account any variation in degrees of risk assumed by the plaintiffs' lawyers.  It provides a cap of $4,000 an hour for all the attorneys who suited up and led the fight to kill tobacco in the earliest stages of the war.  It provides a cap of $2,000 an hour for those who signed up when the war was coming to a close in the national settlement last spring and summer.  It then provides a cap of $1,000 an hour for any lawyer who ran onto the battlefield after the settlement was signed, and a cap of $500 an hour for all lawyers who will rush straight to the courthouse as soon as we pass this fee cap.  Senator Gorton has covered the waterfront here. I hope that we can pass this amendment as the last best hope for a fee cap.  