 President, the fundamental notion underlying the McCain-Feingold bill is that politicians should be allowed to control all of the political speech in proximity to an election except for that by the press. The press would be free and unfettered in engaging in issue advocacy, in endorsing candidates, and doing anything it wanted to under the first amendment at any time, up to and including the last 60 days before an election. I do not dispute that. I think they should have that right. But I find it disingenuous at best--absurd, the more you think about it--that the press would like to quiet the voices of others.  First, they would like to quiet the voices of the parties by eliminating so-called soft money. Mr. President, ``soft money'' is a pejorative term for non-Federal money. This is a Federal system. There are State elections, there are local elections; the two great national parties frequently care who gets elected Governor of Arizona or who gets elected to the city council in Phoenix. The notion that the Federal Government should federalize the two great national parties is absurd, inappropriate, and unwise.  In addition to that, it would provide for the Federal Election Commission the power to supervise every election in America. In other words, we would federalize the entire American political system. This kind of notion of Federal power grabs and the quieting of voices also applies to what the McCain-Feingold bill seeks to do to individuals and groups.  Under this bill, it would be very difficult if not impossible for individuals to express themselves, or groups to express themselves, within 60 days of an election. ``Quiet those voices, too,'' the politicians say. So we will quiet the parties by making it impossible for them to involve themselves in State and local elections, and make it impossible for them to engage in issue advocacy, constitutionally protected speech, and we will also reach over to the issue advocacy of everybody else and we will make it impossible for them to criticize any of us within 60 days of an election.  This is a great idea for incumbents. We all would like to control our elections, and this would sure give us a way to do it. We would not have to worry any longer about those nasty interest groups that don't like our voting records going out there in the last 2 months before an election and saying bad things about us; we would shut them up. We wouldn't have our political party coming in to defend us or, for that matter, the other political party coming in to attack us; we would shut them up.  In short, we would just sort of hermetically seal the environment for 60 days before an election, with the exception of the New York Times, the Washington Post, USA Today, and all the other folks who would still be free--as they should be free--under the first amendment to have their say at any point in the course of a year, including the last 60 days before an election.  Mr. President, this is terrible public policy--terrible public policy--disguised as some kind of positive reform. The good news is, we are not going to pass this bill, but if we had passed it, the issue advocacy restrictions on outside groups would certainly not survive the first Federal district court in which it landed, and I guarantee you, it would land there very, very quickly. When something is so clearly and obviously unconstitutional, it seems to me that the Senate ought not to pass it.  With regard to the political parties, why in the world, Mr. President, should we prevent the political parties from engaging in issue advocacy? Everybody else in America will be able to do it, because I guarantee you, the restrictions on independent groups in this bill would be struck down. There is not a serious constitutional lawyer in the country who doubts that.  Everybody would be free to have their say in the last 60 days before an election: Outside groups, because the restrictions on them would certainly fall as unconstitutional; the newspapers, because no one really wants to shut them up. We don't frequently like what they have to say, but they have a right to say it. But the political parties are conceivably taken off the playing field--the one entity in American politics that, for example, is willing to support challengers, those trying to come from nowhere to get elected. It is not easy to be a challenger. The one entity out there willing to support challengers is the political parties. We ought not to be making them weaker, we ought to be encouraging them to be strengthened.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  