 President, the amendment I have sent to the desk simply says that the courts should tell us once and for all whether the DBE Program in the new ISTEA law is constitutional.  The new ISTEA law, now referred to as the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century, or TEA 21 for short, contains the much debated and long discussed DBE Program.  As every Senator knows, and as the Supreme Court has made clear, this Government-mandated program requires States and private contractors to treat persons differently based on race. The DBE Program, at a minimum, grants benefits and presumptions to some persons based on race and ethnicity but denies the same benefits and presumptions to others based on race and ethnicity.  Now, some say that the preferences are vast and pervasive, while others say preferences are only slight and incremental. Some say that preferences are unfair. Others say that any burdens placed on persons of the wrong race are far outweighed by the benefits for the citizens of the ``officially preferred'' race.  Mr. President, my views on this issue are well known and well documented in the Congressional Record. But the policy debate over TEA 21 and the DBE Program is over for now. We have moved beyond that policy debate for the moment. The only thing that the Senate can do today is to ensure the constitutionality of the DBE Program mandated in TEA 21. That is precisely what my amendment does.  Mr. President, when the topic is racial preferences, it is rare that both parties can find any agreement. But I think today is that rare moment. I think there are several areas of agreement today that should lead to unanimous approval of my amendment.  First, I think we all agree that the Supreme Court has acknowledged that racial preference programs subject persons to unequal treatment under the law.  In landmark Supreme Court cases, like Adarand v. Pena, and City of Richmond v. Croson, the Court made it clear that programs doling out different presumptions, benefits, and burdens based on race, in fact, subject Americans to unequal treatment under the law.  In the words of the Supreme Court:       Whenever the government treats any person unequally because      of his or her race, that person has suffered an injury that      falls squarely within the language and the spirit of the      Constitution's guarantee of equal protection.  Moreover, the Court explained:       We deal here with a classification based upon the race of      the participants, which must be viewed in light of the      historical fact that the central purpose of the Fourteenth      Amendment was to eliminate racial discrimination emanating      from official sources in the States. This strong policy      renders racial classifications ``constitutionally suspect,''      and subject to the ``most rigid scrutiny,'' and ``in most      circumstances irrelevant'' to any constitutionally acceptable      legislative purpose.  So, Mr. President, out of the mouth of the highest court in the land we hear our first undisputed fact: Programs like the DBE Program subject Americans to unequal treatment under the law.  Our second undisputed fact is that the Supreme Court will only tolerate such unequal treatment if the program can survive the test of strict scrutiny. That is, is the program, first, narrowly tailored; second, to remedy past discrimination?  Let me again quote the Supreme Court in Adarand. The Court said:       We hold today that all racial classifications, imposed by      whatever federal, state, or local governmental actor, must be      analyzed by a reviewing court under strict scrutiny.  This leads me to the third undisputed fact: Strict scrutiny is an extremely high constitutional hurdle. The administration has conceded the height and depth of the constitutional challenge following Adarand. It has spent a considerable amount of resources over the last 3 years trying to respond to Adarand.  Let me count the ways. First, the administration was forced to launch a governmentwide review of all racial preference programs; second, the President even promised to ``mend'' those programs that were broken; third, the Justice Department and the Commerce Department joined forces to embark upon an unprecedented national benchmark survey to help figure out whether various racial preference programs could survive the strict scrutiny test after the Adarand case; and finally, several media reports have indicated that the President has been forced to make good on the part of his promise, and that he has attempted to end or curtail several programs.  Mr. President, I think it is clear to all of us that strict scrutiny is an extremely high constitutional hurdle. Let me quote our colleague, Senator Byrd, on this point. My typically astute and always distinguished colleague from West Virginia explained in the Congressional Record that the Supreme Court's decision in Adarand ``makes it exceedingly difficult for any affirmative action program to pass constitutional muster.'' And as the Senate's unofficial historian, Senator Byrd dutifully noted that ``the last time the Supreme Court upheld a statute based on a racial or national origin classification under the strict scrutiny test was in 1944.''  Undisputed fact No. 4: Upon remand, the district court in Adarand followed the Supreme Court's lead and found that the DBE Program could not meet the test of strict scrutiny. Let me read the relevant portion of the district court's opinion and order:       It is ordered that section 1003(b) of ISTEA, [that is, the      Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program] and . . . the      regulations promulgated thereunder . . . are      unconstitutional.  In fact, the district court, like many of us in the Senate, expressly questioned whether any race-based statute could be upheld as constitutional.  The Federal judge concluded, ``I find it difficult to envision a race-based classification that is narrowly tailored.''  The district court's ruling was not exactly a surprise to many of the Nation's constitutional scholars. As the Congressional Research Service has explained, the district court's decision in Adarand ``largely conforms to a pattern of Federal rulings which have invalidated State and local government programs to promote minority contracting in the following places: Richmond, San Francisco, San Diego, Dade County, Florida, Atlanta, New Orleans, Columbus, [the State of] Louisiana, and [the State of] Michigan, among others. . . .''  So let me repeat undisputed fact No. 4. The DBE Program was declared unconstitutional by the Federal court in Colorado.  Undisputed fact No. 5: The attempt to respond to Adarand did not involve any statutory reform whatsoever. The administration's reform of the law came in the form of a maze of complex and lengthy new regulations to try to fix the ISTEA program.  Undisputed fact No. 6: Members of both parties expressed concern about the constitutionality of the program, and many of those who voted to support it relied upon the administration's promises and proposed regulations. I am sure that my colleagues will remember that in March of this year, 1998, a divided Senate spent several hours over the course of 2 days debating whether a ``mended'' transportation program that continues to treat persons differently based on race would now be upheld as constitutional. Ultimately, 58 Senators took the administration at its word and reauthorized the program, but with a very watchful eye.  I think that my good friend from New Mexico summed up the feeling of those Senators who supported the new DBE Program, but had the following admonition. Senator Domenici said:       I say to the administration very clearly right now: You      have now put the signature of the Attorney General of the      United States and the Secretary of [Transportation] on the      answer to . . . seven questions [about the constitutionality      of this program]. And this Senator [Senator Domenici,      referring to himself] and I think a number of other Senators,      is going to be voting to keep the provisions in the bill      based on these kinds of assurances. . . . If, in fact, it      comes out in a few months that the regulations are not being      interpreted in a way suggested here, then I assure you that      we will change them. . . . This better come as a very, very,      serious challenge to the administration as they finally      implement this program.  This candor and concern was also expressed by other Members on both sides of the aisle. Let me share an insightful colloquy pointing out the constitutional concerns. This colloquy involved the distinguished Environment and Public Works committee chairman, Senator Chafee; the ranking member, Senator Baucus; the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Senator Warner; and Senators Domenici and Durbin.  Let me read those statements from the Congressional Record of March 5 of this year.  Senator Durbin said:       I believe the DBE program must be implemented in a manner      that is constitutional. I believe that it is critical to the      integrity of the program, and to the Senate's support of that      program. Therefore, I would like to ask the chairman and      ranking member--whose committee has oversight of the DBE      program--is it their intention to press the Department to      ensure that the new regulations pass constitutional muster?  That was a question being asked by the Senator from Illinois, Senator Durbin.  Senator Chafee, the chairman of the committee responding:       Yes, it is. We have made it clear to the Secretary that      while one can never predict with 100 percent certainty what      language may pass constitutional muster, the Committee      expects the Secretary and his legal staff to do their utmost      to make sure that the new regulations closely follow the      guidance set forth by the Court in Adarand.  Senator Baucus, the ranking minority member of the committee says:       I concur. It is the committee's intention that this program      be carried out in a manner that is consistent with the      Constitution. We expect no less. Secretary Slater is aware      of, and I am assured agrees with, our views on this      matter.       Senator Warner. As chair of the subcommittee that sponsored      this bill, I have a particular interest in this matter and      want to assure the Senator that adherence to Adarand is our      intent.       Senator Domenici. I appreciate the Senator's confirmation      on this point. Let me ask further: Will the committee      continue to be in touch with Department officials as the      regulations are ready for release? And will the committee      scrutinize the new regulations to ensure that the Department      did in fact follow the Court's guidance under Adarand?       Senator Chafee. Yes, we will.       Senator Baucus. I can assure the Senator, and the Senate,      that we will indeed.       Senator Warner. We certainly intend to.       Senator Domenici. I am pleased to hear it, and I want to      thank the Senators for taking the time to respond to my      concerns.  Mr. President, I could stand here on the floor and read statement after statement made by Members of both parties during the ISTEA debate in March of this year that spell out the Senate's serious constitutional concerns about the DBE Program. But I think it is abundantly clear that every Member of the Senate understands the constitutional guarantees and obstacles that stand in the way of a Federal highway program that treats Americans differently based on the immutable trait of race.  Let me say that I wholeheartedly agree with and appreciate the constitutional concerns set forth by Senators Chafee, Baucus, Warner, Durbin, and Domenici. We must ensure that the new DBE Program is constitutional.  My amendment is perfectly consistent with these constitutional concerns, and I hope all Senators will fully support my amendment.  Undisputed fact No. 7: The proposed regulations were not final prior to our vote back in March on the DBE Program. In fact, the proposed regulations are still not final, even though the Congressional Record is filled with statements promising that the new DBE regs would be final in April or May of this year.  Well, Mr. President, we are now headed into August, and it is my understanding that the States and contractors still have no guidance from DOT on how to run this multibillion-dollar DBE Program in compliance with the Constitution, with Adarand, with the Supreme Court and the law of the land.  So as the statements that I read earlier from Senators Chafee, Baucus, and others made clear, we do not know for sure whether the regulations make the DBE Program more constitutional or less constitutional. We do not know for sure whether the proposed regulations will help or hurt, whether the regs alter the statute to allow the program to pass the stringent test of strict scrutiny, or whether the Federal courts will follow the district court in Adarand and continue to strike down the program as unconstitutional.  Mr. President, undisputed fact No. 8: The Senate should take its oath to uphold the Constitution seriously. Mr. President, let me say that all of us, when we come into the Senate, solemnly swear that we will support and defend the Constitution of the United States. I think we can all agree that this is a constitutional oath that should be taken seriously. In fact, for a good portion of our history, the Congress mandated an expedited Supreme Court review of any and all constitutional questions.  In more recent years, the Congress has focused the expedited review approach on those important laws that are surrounded by legitimate questions of constitutional validity. A quick search by the Congressional Research Service has documented several recent laws and bills that have included expedited Supreme Court review provisions. I think my colleagues will remember each of these. Let me name just a few: the Line-Item Veto Act; the Communications Decency Act; the census sampling in last year's Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill; the District of Columbia Schools Opportunity Scholarships Act; and the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act. All of those rather well-known measures had an expedited review provision. These are only a few of the bills that have included expedited review provisions. These were generally supported and passed in both Houses of Congress for the simple reason that there were legitimate questions of constitutionality surrounding key provisions of the bills.  Mr. President, this leads me to undisputed fact No. 9: I think we can all agree that, at a minimum, there are legitimate questions of constitutional validity regarding the DBE Program. Both the Senate and the House acknowledged these questions when we had extended debate and a divided vote back in March on whether the program was constitutional.  Moreover, the TEA 21 law is direct evidence that both the Senate and the House feel that there are legitimate constitutional questions surrounding the DBE Program. Specifically, TEA 21 contains a provision that prohibits the Department of Transportation from cutting off Federal transportation funds whenever a State discontinues its federally mandated DBE Program in compliance with a court order striking down the program as unconstitutional. So, Mr. President, the very law we passed makes it perfectly clear that there are valid questions of constitutionality about the DBE Program.  The courts have also made it clear that the DBE Program raises genuine questions of constitutionality. Case law is replete with courts striking down programs that mandate different rules and different treatment for citizens of different races. The Congressional Research Service, as I noted earlier, has found that the recent Adarand decision by the district court conforms to a pattern of Federal rulings striking down racial preference programs across the country. I have here a long list of cases in the last few years where courts have declared programs like the DBE Program to be unconstitutional. This list shows court decisions by the Supreme Court, D.C. circuit, the third circuit, the fourth circuit, the fifth circuit, the sixth circuit, the seventh circuit, the ninth circuit, the eleventh circuit--all striking down race-based programs. The list also shows other unambiguous rulings of lower courts in Georgia, Connecticut, Ohio, Louisiana, Michigan, Colorado, and the city of Houston--again, all striking down race-based programs.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that this list be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Race-Based Contracting Programs Are Routinely Struck Down       The Congressional Research Service has explained that the      recent district court decision in Adarand conforms to a      pattern of federal rulings across the country striking down      race-based contracting programs as unconstitutional.       See City of Richmond v. Croson, 488 U.S. 469 (1989);      Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod v. FCC, 141 F.3d 344 (D.C.      Cir. 1998); Monterey Mechanical v. Wilson, 125 F.3d 702 (9th      Cir. 1997); Engineering Contractors Ass'n of South Florida,      Inc. v. Metropolitan Dade Co. 1997 WL 535626 (11th Cir.      1997); U.S. v. Board of Education of the Township of      Piscataway, 91 F.3d 1547 (3d Cir. 1996); Hopwood v. State of      Texas., 95 F.3d 53 (5th Cir. 1995), cert. denied, 116 S.Ct      2581 (1996); Podberesky v. Kirwan, 38 F.3d 147 (4th Cir.      1994), cert. denied, 115 S.Ct. 2001 (1995); O'Donnell      Construction Co. v. District of Columbia, 963 F.2d 420 (D.C.      Cir. 1992); Milwaukee County Pavers Ass'n. v. Feidler, 922      F.2d 419 (7th Cir. 1991); Associated General Contractors of      California, Inc. v. San Francisco, 813 F.2d 922 (9th Cir.      1987); Michigan Road Builders Assoc., Inc., v. Milliken, 834      F.2d 583 (6th Cir. 1987).       Houston Contractors Association v. Metropolitan Transit      Authority of Harris County, 993 F.Supp. 545 (S.D. Tex. 1997);      Adarand v. Pena, 965 F. Supp. 1556 (D. Colo. 1997);      Associated General Contractors of America v. Columbus, 936 F.      Supp. 1363 (S.D. Ohio 1996); Louisiana Associated General      Contractors, Inc. v. Louisiana, 669 So.2d 1185 (La. 1996);      Contractors Ass'n. of Eastern Pennsylvania v. Philadelphia,      893 F. Supp. 419 (E.D. Pa. 1995), affirmed 91 F. 3d 586, (3d      Cir. 1996) cert. denied, 117 S. Ct. 953 (1997); Arrow Office      Supply v. Detroit, 826 F. Supp. 1072 (E.D. Mich. 1993); Arrow      Office Supply v. Detroit, 826 F. Supp. 1072 (E.D. Mich.      1993); Associated General Contractors of Connecticut v. New      Haven, 791 F. Supp. 941 (D. Conn. 1992); S.J. Groves & Sons      Co. v. Fulton County, 696 F. Supp. 1480 (N.D. Ga. 1987).  Mr. McCONNELL. Finally, Mr. President, undisputed fact No. 10: If we are willing to grant expedited review to ensure the constitutionality of everything from census sampling to vouchers to vetoes to balanced budget laws to Internet restrictions, then surely we would all agree that Americans deserve to know whether an important law involving race, civil rights, the 5th and 14th amendments, is constitutional.  We all know that there are many more cases striking down racial preference programs than there are cases striking down vouchers, or line-item vetoes, or balanced budget laws, or Internet restrictions. In fact, I will bet that you could combine and add up all of the cases striking down vouchers, line-item vetoes, balanced budget laws, and Internet restrictions, and that amount still would be less than the number of court cases striking down racial preference programs. Surely, if we have given expedited review to all of those other issues, then we are going to give expedited review to the critical issue of civil rights and the constitutional guarantee of equal protection of the laws.  Mr. President, I have spelled out 10 undisputed facts which serve as the common ground for the amendment I have offered. I think these facts are more than reason enough to immediately pass this expedited review amendment.  Let me simply close by pointing out that the time for debating the constitutionality of the DBE Program has passed. Now the courts must decide. My proposed amendment simply just says that the Supreme Court should tell us once and for all whether a transportation program that treats contractors and subcontractors differently based on race can survive strict scrutiny.  We must ensure the constitutionality of the DBE Program. We owe it to the States and localities that are receiving the billions of dollars in TEA 21 funds.  We owe it to the contractors who are threatened with the loss of jobs and contracts if they do not comply with the constitutionally suspect mandate of TEA 21.  We owe it to the minority-owned businesses who are forced to hang in the balance and twist in the constitutional winds wondering if the current program will survive a court challenge.  And, finally, we owe it to every American who sent us to the U.S. Senate to faithfully uphold the Constitution.  Mr. President, that is all this amendment would do. Regardless of how Senators may have voted on this measure back in March, this would quite simply just provide expedited Supreme Court review in this field. This is something we have frequently done, as I indicated in my prepared remarks.  I hope that this amendment will be cleared and accepted on both sides of the aisle.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  