  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Smith of Oregon). The Senator from Kentucky.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, if I may, I listened with great interest to the comments of the Democratic leader and others on that side of the aisle. Point No. 1 should be crystal clear to everyone who has followed this debate. Forty-eight Senators are not in favor of this measure.  In the Senate, as we know in recent years, every issue of any controversy requires 60 votes. So it is not at all unusual when an issue cannot achieve 60 votes for it not to go forward. That is the norm around here.  Point 2. It does not make any difference in what context the issue comes up. There are 48 people in the Senate who are not willing to vote for this measure either on cloture or on a motion to table. So it isn't going to pass. It is not going to pass today, not tomorrow, not 3 months from now, not 5 months from now. We can decide whether we want to waste the Senate's time on an issue that is not going to pass. But it is clearly a waste of time.  With regard to how unusual it is to fill up the tree, let me just mention that when Senator Mitchell was majority leader in the 103d Congress, he filled up the tree on February 4, 1993; February 24, 1993; January 31, 1994; May 10, 1994; May 18, 1994; June 9, 1994; June 14, 1994; June 14, 1994; and August 18, 1994. Those are nine occasions, Mr. President, when Senator Mitchell, during the 103d Congress, nine occasions in which Senator Mitchell filled up the tree. This is not exactly uncommon. It is not a routine everyday activity, but it certainly is not uncommon.  In 1977, Jimmy Carter's energy deregulation bill, Senator Byrd was the leader and he filled up the amendment tree.  In 1984, in the Grove City case, Senator Byrd was in the minority, and he filled up the tree.  In 1985, the budget resolution, Senator Dole was the majority leader, and he filled up the tree.  In 1988, campaign finance--it has been around for a while--Senator Byrd filled up the tree, and there were eight cloture votes.  In 1993, there was an emergency supplemental appropriations bill, the so-called stimulus bill. Senator Byrd filled up the tree.  Let me say that it is not an everyday action but it is not uncommon for majority leaders to fill up the tree. What is fairly unusual is for the minorities to file cloture motions. Not common, typically done by the majority. And the only cloture motions we have at the desk at the moment are by the minority.  But the fundamental point is this, Mr. President. There are not enough votes in the Senate to pass this kind of measure. Consequently, it isn't going to happen. That is the way the process works around here. And we can waste a whole lot of time having repetitivevotes. The 48 votes that were cast in favor of the motion to table were the same 48 votes that were cast against cloture in October. And it will be the same 48 votes that will be cast whether it is a motion to table or a motion to invoke cloture no matter how many times it is offered. So who is wasting the people's time here? It is certainly not the majority.  The majority leader sets the agenda. He is anxious to move on to issues that people care about that will make a difference to this country. And clearly, any way you interpret what had happened last October and here in February, there are not enough votes to pass this kind of campaign finance reform.  So, Mr. President, I just wanted to set the record straight with regard to how unusual it is for a majority leader to fill up the tree and to make the point that the 48 votes that were cast in favor of the motion to table today were the same 48 votes cast against the cloture motion back in October. This is a high water mark in the 10 years I have handled this debate. And 48 votes is the best we have ever done. This measure simply isn't going to pass.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  