 President, I rise today to offer the Agriculture Export Relief Act. First, I thank the members of the sanctions task force for their critical contributions to this bill. The staff has met several times, and I think the concerns which were raised in each meeting have been incorporated in this legislation.  Before I describe the bill, I would like to mention a few Members for their unique role in bringing this bill to the floor and energizing all of the interest that has developed around this particular issue.  Senator Roberts of Kansas deserves special recognition for his leadership in resolving this pressing issue. It was two bills first introduced by Senator Roberts--one dealing with the specific issue of lost markets for U.S. farmers and another more important bill dealing with the broader issue of ensuring that the executive branch has the flexibility it needs to conduct foreign policy in south Asia--that provided the initial impetus for today's action on this important legislation.  Senator Roberts quickly recognized the need to provide additional flexibility in dealing with the troublesome relationship between India and Pakistan. His legislation to provide that flexibility prompted the majority leader to create the sanctions task force 2 weeks ago. And today, in the task force's action, the U.S. Senate is preparing to act on the legislation originally sponsored by Senator Roberts.  I am very pleased to associate myself with the work of the Senator from Kansas. While his efforts to protect and defend America's farmers and ranchers are widely appreciated, I am particularly pleased to recognize his strong leadership in the area of U.S. foreign policy and in protecting the national security interests of the American people.  I also want to take a moment to recognize the work of Senator Conrad Burns, Senator Chuck Hagel, and Senator Lugar. Each have been vocal, effective advocates for their agriculture communities' interests, which I am convinced is why the Senate is acting so quickly today. And, in addition to that, Senator Grams of Minnesota and Senator Allard of Colorado have been particularly active and involved in this issue.  Let me outline briefly what I think this bill accomplishes, since we operated on a tight deadline and there may be some Members who have not had a chance to review the details. Frankly, it is short and it is simple.  As many Members know, current law imposes sanctions on nations which transfer nuclear technology or detonate a nuclear weapon. The law exempts from these sanctions intelligence activities and humanitarian assistance. This legislation adds one additional category. We have permanently exempted financing and credits extended by the Department of Agriculture to support the sales of agricultural commodities. We have also clarified that current law exemptions on commercial financing extend not only to agricultural commodities but also to fertilizer.  The reasoning behind this exemption is simple: Sanctions are supposed to squeeze the targeted country, not the American farmer or producer. Cutting off our sales will not alter or reverse the decision to detonate. Cutting off American export financing will not change any government's judgment or, for that matter, change its behavior about its nuclear program. There is no leverage in curtailing or cutting off our sales; there is only loss of income for our farmers, our ranchers, our producers.  As we discuss this bill, the U.S. agriculture community faces the possibility of not being able to bid on a tender of 350,000 tons of wheat recently proffered by the Pakistani Government. At a time when Asian markets and sales are depressed, this tender is unusually important. Whether the Pakistanis buy U.S. wheat, Canadian wheat, or some other country's wheat isn't going to make a difference on a dinner table in Islamabad--but it sure will in Topeka. We should not sacrifice the American farmer in our effort to put the nuclear genie back in the bottle.  This bill is a good first step. But I would like to let my colleagues know it is not as far as most of the members of the task force wanted us to go. I think many shared the view that we should exempt from the sanctions law all official export promotion support to all American businesses, especially in view of the enormous pressure many are under because of the Asian meltdown. In the search for substitute markets, it would have made a real difference to allow the Export-Import Bank and OPIC support for a wide range of businesses from aircraft to home computers. However, given Senator Feinstein's and Senator Glenn's objections, we were not able to proceed with export support.  We also could not proceed with language which would give the President a margin of flexibility to facilitate a reduction of tensions in the region. We did not plan to offer a permanent waiver or suspension of sanctions. We were simply going to give the President authority to waive any restrictions until March 1 if doing so would produce some progress.  I think many of us are concerned about the possibility of additional tests, the prospect of deployment of nuclear weapons, and the transfer of fissile material to third parties. I am convinced that there was some merit in providing the President a short period of time to waive a restriction on economic assistance if he could produce meaningful results in enhancing our security interests.  Again, objections on the other side of the aisle have prevented us from offering that option today. We may not have reached as far as most of the members of the task force wanted, but we have taken a first, constructive step in defining when sanctions are and when sanctions are not in American interests and changing the law to better reflect those interests. This bill will advance and protect American economic security interests.  I have been pleased by the cooperative spirit which has characterized this first round in the task force's efforts and the fact that we had a very tough deadline set by the leadership which we were able to meet a week early. We would not have been able to move so quickly without Senator Biden's active and thoughtful effort. I thank him for that. We have had a lot of explaining to do, and my colleague has taken on that challenge with expertise and enthusiasm.  Mr. President, I do not see Senator Biden here yet. There are a variety of Senators on this side of the aisle who have been heavily involved in this, many of whom I see on the floor today. Senator Craig has been very, very active and concerned about this issue, and I believe he was first on the floor. I would be happy to yield to Senator Craig 5 minutes.  