 President, this is not a complicated amendment. We had the debate back in March on the DBE Program and the Senate spoke. The Senate decided that it wanted to accept on faith that the administration would issue regulations that complied with the Adarand decision and the subsequent district court decision ruling the DBE Program to be unconstitutional. All the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky does is provide for an expedited review of those regs once they are promulgated and litigated as they will certainly be litigated.  It is not unusual on matters of extraordinary and constitutional significance for the Congress to say, ``We would like to get an expedited review, an answer to the issue.'' So that is all this amendment is about. It does not deal with the merits of the debate at all. The Senator from Kentucky did not support the program and did think the Senate ought to follow the Adarand case, but the Senator from Kentucky lost that debate, cheerfully, I might say, and all we are asking for here in this proposal is to get an expedited Supreme Court review of the new regs after they are promulgated.  I, frankly, thought this amendment would be accepted and am somewhat surprised that we are having a debate about it. But that is all this amendment does. Regardless of how Senators may have voted on the DBE Program back in March, this is not about that. All this amendment does is obtain an expedited decision by the Supreme Court once some regulations are, at long last, promulgated.  I see my friend from Alabama in the Chamber. Let me just mention a few other bills in which we did this. This is not unusual. We did it with the line-item veto, which the Supreme Court recently struck down. We had such a provision in the Communications Decency Act. We had it in the census sampling measure in last year's Commerce-State-Justice appropriations bill. We had a similar provision in the D.C. Schools Opportunity Scholarships Act and the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act.  Mr. President, this is not in any way extraordinary or unusual to hope that the Supreme Court might give us some expedited guidance is a matter of great importance.  Mr. President, I see the Senator from Alabama in the Chamber. I am happy to yield the floor.  