 President, when I gave thought to what I wanted to say today, the words and deeds of two great Americans came to my mind--the words belong to Abraham Lincoln--the deeds were my father's.  In many respects, this debate was launched a half century ago in Europe. There, on the battlefields in Germany and France, Italy and Belgium, American soldiers fought and died to secure our future--our freedom. My father was one of those men. Standing shoulder to shoulder with friends, with fellow countrymen, he saw many fall in combat--never to rise again--never to return to their families--never to worship in their churches--to play an afternoon game of baseball with their sons and daughters.  My dad was proud to serve his country as a platoon guide--he was proud of the soldiers who became life-long friends, bound together over time by their common mission.  Decades before Staff Sergeant McConnell shipped out to the Rhineland, American heroism was memorialized in Lincoln's Address at Gettysburg. President Lincoln's words echoed across Europe's plains of courage and glory.       We cannot dedicate--we cannot consecrate--we cannot hallow      this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled      here have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or      detract. The world will little note, nor long remember, what      we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It      is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated to the      unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so      nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to      the great task remaining before us . . . a new birth of      freedom.  Freedom.  That is the purpose President Lincoln defined for our nation--the noble calling my father served--the mission we must finish here today.  The debate this week centers on the wisdom of America, once again, expanding her horizons--adding to her security family--advancing freedom.  To reach this point, the Senate and Administration have struggled, often in open conflict, to redefine the terms of our relationship with Europe, and more particularly, Russia. These deliberations are as much about American responsibilities and interests, as they are about Russia's role and ambitions.  The commitment of my father and his fellow soldiers laid the moral foundation of this debate. The politics of Europe's future followed later and, to me, seemed joined in 1993. The Wall had fallen yet more thousands of Russian troops occupied the Baltic nations. Ever sensitive to Russian concerns, the Administration was reluctant to press Moscow to withdraw. Understandably, the Baltic nations were deeply concerned that they would never be free from Russia's imperial grasp. Against strong Administration opposition, the Senate voted 89-8 to condition aid to Russia on achieving an agreement for a withdrawal timetable. Remarkably, within weeks, negotiators produced a concrete plan for action.  This was my first direct experience with Russia's approach to the region. I think it is fair to say I learned a lesson Henry Kissinger sums up well--``It is, in fact, ambiguity about dividing lines not their existence, and ambivalence about Western reactions, not their certainty that tempt nationalists and militarists.''  Sadly, fuzzy thinking, grey-beige lines and Moscow myopia continued to dog the Administration's European policy throughout 1993, 1994, and into 1995. No where was this mistaken course more apparent that the Administration's firm and abiding opposition to establishing a road map or criteria for admission to NATO. Senior officials engaged in a simple shell game arguing Eastern and Central European nations were not qualified to meet the standards to join NATO's ranks, yet they refused to define those standards. I recall a particularly frustrating session when Secretary Christopher appeared before the Foreign Operations Subcommittee, and I questioned him on this point. I asked him what exactly an applicant must do to join NATO? He claimed it was all spelled out in the NATO charter. ``Where?'' I pressed. ``Right there,'' he demurred.  Of course, there were no specific terms for admission nor had any been imposed on other recent entrants. This game, which bent to Russian demands not to expand NATO, continued, eventually taking on new shape with the introduction of the Partnership for Peace. Dismissed by leaders in Poland as ``treachery'' and a ``second Yalta,'' the Partnership drew no admissions distinction between the historical victims of Russian aggression and the aggressor--everyone was welcome to join!  The President's team explained that this approach avoided establishing new blocs in Europe and would erase all dividing lines. What it erased was any sense of comfort in Central Europe about U.S. resolve, responsibility or commitment to stand up an ever ambitious Kremlin as it widened control over what Moscow deemed its ``sphere of influence''.  Administration briefers and papers systematically dodged the serious security issues related to expanding NATO. In preparing for a 1994 Treaty summit, Administration talking points declared, ``We do not believe the summit should set a specific timetable or criteria for membership (in NATO) or identify preferred candidates . . . The (Partnership for Peace) will not give the Poles, Czechs or Hungarians all they want, but we think they will recognize it is an important step forward on NATO's part. At the same time it should not create problems in Russia.''  The explanation was dismissed by a characteristically blunt Lech Walesa as ``a tragedy''.  July of 1994 was the real low point in the drive to expand NATO. It is marked in my mind by two events: the Senate defeated 53-44 an amendment I offered on admissions standards and the President traveled to Europe.  The amendment hardly seemed controversial--it was a reporting requirement asking the President to define specific military, political and economic standards for admission to NATO and then provide an assessment of what it would take to guarantee that Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Baltic nations were capable of fulfilling military interoperability and other NATO responsibilities.  The Administration's overwhelming opposition was given a voice by the Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Pell, who warned that this reporting requirement singled out certain countries and ``draws dangerous new lines in Europe.''  Just about this time, President Clinton left for Poland. Ever eloquent, he tried to reassure the Polish Assembly that the U.S. ``would not allow the Iron Curtain to be replaced by the veil of indifference.'' His comments prompted the Chairman of their Foreign Affairs Committee to observe his speech was ``beautiful, but did little to satisfy our security expectations.'' Walesa publicly lamented the fact that the Administration did not seem to understand Poland's ``history and geography cautioned not to take this moment for granted.''  What turned this debate around? When exactly did the Administration stop taking Central European security for granted?  I can pinpoint the moment--the month--when I saw and heard the change.  On February 9, 1995, Deputy Secretary Talbott appeared before the Foreign Operations Subcommittee and spoke in vague generalities about American ``hopes and expectations'' for European security. I asked point blank, ``Is it correct that there is no timetable and no criteria'' for admission to NATO? His response was simple, ``That is correct.''  In March, with the arrival of Richard Holbrooke as the new Assistant Secretary for European Affairs, the policy changed. In a little noticed appearance before the Subcommittee, Holbrooke announced a major departure in American policy. He said, ``Expanding NATO eastward is our highest priority . . . if NATO is a 16 car train, with a car for each member, the U.S. is clearly the engine.''  This was the clearest definition of American purpose and leadership I had heard since President Clinton's election, and then Secretary Holbrooke went further. During the hearing, I asked and he answered six questions bearing on the standards for NATO eligibility including the relevance of democratic institutions, civilian control of the military, the size and NATO compatability of the armed forces, and a nation's financial and infrastructure requirements. Getting straightforward answers was ground breaking!  From that moment forward, I found cooperation and support for funding and program initiatives which strengthened the military capabilities of potential entrants. In 1996, 1997, and 1998 the Subcommittee was able to set aside funds for Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and then Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia to improve military training, equipment and capabilities with a view to accelerating their timetable for admission.  Mr. President, I could argue that Mr. Holbrooke's assignment to the European Bureau marked a key transition point in the NATO debate. However, there were many other factors which contributed to turning the tide. A shift in control of the Senate, our disastrous policy in Bosnia, Russia's role in destabilizing Georgia and abominable conduct in Chechnya--among many factors focused attention on the urgent need to revitalize U.S. leadership in a stronger Atlantic security alliance.  1995 marked the point when the Administration seemed to grasp a very basic concept articulated by Henry Kissinger--``an alliance depends on drawing lines around a specified territory that members undertake to defend. Basing European and Atlantic security on a no-man's land between Germany and Russia runs counter to historical experience, especially that of the interwar period.''  This Treaty reflects the fact that we have finally reached a point, with bipartisan agreement, where we draw new, bright lines in Europe. The vote this week affirms our commitment to protect our partners and our principles with an iron clad military guarantee.  Now is not the time for ambiguity. Today, is not the occasion to equivocate, qualify or confuse the message wesend to friends, allies and potential foe. Expanding our horizons and enlarging NATO safeguards our interests as it strengthens the sense of security in Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and the next class of entrants.  Shortly before the Madrid summit, leaders across Europe were asked about the importance and implications of expansion. Their answers offer a commanding vision of American interests in NATO's future.  Czech President Vaclav Havel offered a compelling view:       Membership is the best tool for a collective European      defense, and for the defense of democratic values of states      under the rule of law . . . Members will now work together to      face a spectrum of threats, including local and regional      conflicts.  The Chairman of Lithuania's Parliament strengthens the case for expansion:       NATO's declared open door policy . . . and firm stand on      the principle that the Baltic countries have an unrestricted      sovereign right to their own choice will only aid the      emerging new Russia in living up to its obligations of normal      European behavior.  Romania's President's goes further:       The process for preparing for NATO enlargement has led in      less than four years to a broad and profound stability and      solidarity in Central Europe.  Both he and Mr. Havel acknowledge that the enlargement process stimulated resolution of age-old border and ethnic policy disputes.  Poland's President's made a final point:       Enjoying traditionally close ties with the United States      and being at the same time a profoundly Europe oriented      society, Poland will contribute to the alliance's cohesion.      As for the military dimension, the alliance will gain      reliable and modernizing armed forces. We shall continue our      active policy aimed at ensuring Central Europe remains a zone      of stable and harmonious relations.  Central Europe's leaders have summed up with clarity and conviction the strategic political, economic, and security justification both for NATO and its expansion. They make clear that the importance of our decision this week will only increase over time.  While I am convinced of the arguments in favor of expansion, there is one concern raised by some of my colleagues which I wish to address--that is the doubt about providing security guarantees to new members.  I know there are Senators who would prefer to narrowly define the terms of participation of new members or limit our contribution or commitment to their defense. Unfortunately, such determinations would create a caste system--dismissing new or future members to second class citizen status. This would be a terrible mistake and undermine an alliance forged and strengthened by its tradition of common purpose, common defense, in short, a commitment to equality.  NATO's strength and credibility would be compromised by any decision to qualify new members with ambiguous standing. There should be no side-deals, doubts or questions raised about the deployment of weapons or troops on a new member's soil. This Treaty must be implemented with the firm understanding that new members are full partners entitled to full protection and expected to bear full responsibility. We cannot create damaging divisions within the alliance by imposing restrictions on the nature of participation.  Only instability and uncertainty would result from creating such a double standard for defense. Only Democracy's opponents would gain ground. Only those who have long maligned closing the gap between East and West--who yearn for the days of despots and communists kings--would win.  We should not cast votes which serve to encourage Zhirinovsky's storm troopers. Our call is to stand by the champions of free market principles--to stand up for the voices which appeal for democracy's day.  I'm sure there may still be a senator or two unconvinced that American lives should be laid down to defend Budapest or Prague. Let me remind those colleagues of remarks made by Margaret Thatcher when she called Great Britain to the defense of the Falklands. She said, ``To those--not many--who speak lightly of a few islanders beyond the seas and who ask the question, `Are they worth fighting for?' Let me say this: right and wrong are not measured by a head count of those to whom that wrong has been done. That would not be principle but expediency. The Falklanders are not strangers. They are our own people.''  With more than 23 million Americans of Central and East European descent, Prime Minister Thatcher's insight and the analogy reach across our nation into every community.  NATO exists to defend principle not expediency.  I know some of my colleagues feel we are rushing to judgment. For those friends and colleagues, I call attention to the fact that I believe this debate has gone on at least five years--it has taken a long time and much effort to bring the Administration to this important decision.  The cause is important--the reasoning sound. Our vote to expand NATO's European frontier strengthens the pillars of democracy and free market principles, stimulates dispute resolution, balances and restrains Russian ambitions, reduces military tensions, and adds new security capabilities.  In short, we take one step closer to finishing the mission President Lincoln called upon our nation to faithfully serve.  Freedom.  I know my father and his friends would have been proud to defend our choice, our invitation to Poland, to Hungary and the Czech Republic to join NATO.  