 President, I support the amendment by Senator Hutchison modifying the bill's language on funding for the Korean Energy Development Organization, which we refer to as KEDO.  I would like to step back for a moment to 1995, shortly after the agreed framework was signed in October of 1994. By March of 1995, there was the first evidence that the North Koreans were cheating. In hearings before this subcommittee and in writing, I challenged the administration's assertions that the North was in full compliance and that no U.S. oil was being diverted. Eventually, it became clear that the North was cheating and diverting oil. Although new monitoring procedures were established, there was no suspension of oil or a threat to cut off the program. I am convinced that this is when the North learned that they could engage in a pattern of challenge, deception and noncompliance without any penalty at all.  In fiscal year 1997, the Senate had an extensive debate about providing U.S. assistance to provide fuel oil to North Korea and to support administrative expenses for KEDO. The bill my subcommittee reported to the Senate capped funds at $13 million, half the administration's request, and provided the funds in three stages, requiring certification that the fuel was not--I repeat, not--being diverted for military purposes.  At that time, many of us were uncomfortable continuing any aid to thisterrorist regime, let alone doubling the amount available which the administration had requested. In its statement of policy, this is what the administration had to say at that time about any curbs, cuts or conditions:       Among our most serious concerns are the restrictions placed      on the U.S. contributions to KEDO, especially the funding cap      that reduces the request by nearly half. This funding is      inadequate to meet our commitment to support the North Korea      framework agreement and is unacceptable to the Secretaries of      State and Defense. KEDO is one of the pillars of U.S.      nonproliferation policy which seeks to ensure strategic      stability in the Pacific. Our very modest $25 million request      for funds helps continue the reduction of North Korea's      nuclear weapons capacity, while leveraging strong      burdensharing contributions from South Korea, Japan and other      countries. The administration strongly urges the committee to      remove the cap . . . and drop the needlessly restrictive      certification language.  Again, that is what they had to say.  Regrettably, the administration prevailed on this floor in a 73-to-27 vote allowing full funding for KEDO. So I lost that one, I say to my friend from Texas.  Mr. President, I think it is now safe to say that on both the nonproliferation and burden-sharing front, KEDO is a bust.  All last week, the administration was too busy with bilateral talks in New York to brief the committee on the status of negotiations over allegations disclosed in the press that the North is building a secret facility to house a nuclear reactor replacing the one sealed under the Agreed Framework.  With those talks still underway, as the Senator from Texas pointed out, Monday--this week--for the first time in more than 5 years, North Korea carried out a flight test of a ballistic missile which the South Korean Government estimates has a range of over 1,200 miles. The first stage of the missile landed in waters between Russia and Japan, with the second stage flying over Japanese territory and falling into the Pacific. Understandably, the Japanese have withdrawn their pledge of billions of dollars for the construction of an alternative reactor--a perfectly logical response to what happened Monday.  Mr. President, if U.S. funding for KEDO is the pillar of our nonproliferation policy and the key to burden sharing, I think it is time we start building a new foundation for our policy. Secret nuclear facilities, flight testing, ballistic missiles, and who knows what other activities are not a nonproliferation policy, they are simply a nonpolicy.  Today, I say to the Senator from Texas, I think her amendment is excellent and is exactly the direction in which we should go. The administration will complain that these new conditions are not consistent with the Agreed Framework, that the North did not agree to suspend its nuclear weapons program in return for $30 million, they only agreed to freeze part of it.  Mr. President, it makes no sense for the United States to continue to pay for an agreement which fails to protect our allies and our interests in the Pacific. Monday's tests, along with the past pattern of deception and diversion, should convince all of us we should not spend millions more from our limited foreign aid coffers to prop up a government determined to acquire and to sell nuclear weapons.  As I mentioned previously, this is hardly the first time we have debated the administration's flawed policy on the peninsula. We have had years of compromise, capitulation, and concessions from the administration. The North blusters and blackmails; there is tough talk followed by no action or, worse still, concessions for more fuel and food.  Thirty-six thousand American troops standing guard in the South deserve more than that. Once and for all, it should be absolutely clear to the North, we will not pay their way to test, deploy, or sell nuclear weapons. We will not pay for the appearance or possibility of compliance with the Agreed Framework.  Again, I commend the Senator from Texas. I think her amendment is right on the mark and I congratulate her for it.  