 President, let me say briefly that this amendment is simple, fair and noncontroversial, as evidenced by the fact that my colleagues have signed off on it.  It says two things:  First, no State or local transit authority will lose its ISTEA funding simply because it suspends the DBE Program in response to a court order declaring the program unconstitutional.  Second, my amendment asks GAO to study the program and lets Congress know how the program is working to ensure it genuinely helps disadvantaged women and minorities.  Even though ISTEA and the DBE program were declared unconstitutional last summer by the federal court in Colorado, this legislative body chose to reauthorize the program because the Secretary of Transportation and the Attorney General promised us that any possible problems with the program had been cleaned up under the new proposed regulations.  The Senate accepted the Secretary and the Attorney General at their word. As my good friend and respected colleague from New Mexico stated on the floor last Thursday night:       I say to the administration very clearly right now: You      have now put the signature of the Attorney General of the      United States and the Secretary of [Transportation] on the      answer to . . . seven questions [about the constitutionality      of this program]. And this Senator, and I think a number of      other Senators, is going to be voting to keep the provisions      in the bill based on these kinds of assurances. . . . If, in      fact, it comes out in a few months that the regulations are      not being interpreted in the way suggested here, then I      assure you that we will change them. . . . This better become      a very, very, serious challenge to the administration as they      finally implemented this program.  I appreciate the candor of my friend, Mr. Domenici. Consistent with that candor and with that challenge, my amendment simply says that the Senate is taking the administration at its word.  And, if for any reason, the program is not fixed, and more courts strike down the program, then my amendment ensures that we will not punish the States for complying with federal court orders.  