 The Senator is correct. Our friends on the other side of the aisle act as if issue advocacy is a recent invention that has been sort of conjured up and not previously thought of. The Court said in the Buckley case, in laying out the terms for express advocacy, which is the category directly in support of a candidate, which is in the category of FEC money, so-called hard money--they were defining express advocacy, and by definition pointing out that ``it would naively underestimate the ingenuity and the resourcefulness of persons and groups to believe that they would have much difficulty devising expenditures that skirted the restrictions on express advocacy of election or defeat, but nevertheless benefited the candidate's campaign.''  Just one other quote from that same Buckley case: ``The distinction between discussion of issues and candidates and advocacy of election or defeat of candidates may often dissolve in practical application.'' That was the Supreme Court 22 years ago. ``Candidates, especially incumbents, are intimately tied to public issues involving legislative proposals and governmental actions. Not only do candidates campaign on the basis of their positions on various public issues, but campaigns themselves generate issues of public interest.''  What is the Court saying? They are saying, in effect, that there is this whole category of discussion in this country that, under the first amendment, citizens are entitled to engage in, whether candidates like it or not. I mean, the whole assumption of the argument on the other side is that somehow the candidates have a right to control the election, control the discourse, in this selected period right before the election. Well, the Court anticipated that. They have already dealt with it. You clearly can't do it. We don't own these elections. Besides, as my friend from Washington pointed out, nobody is suggesting that the newspapers shut up during that period of time. Obviously, this would enhance their power dramatically.  Now, I will stipulate and concede that all of us candidates don't like all of this discourse that we don't control. Sometimes there are people coming in trying to help us and we think they are botching the job. Sometimes people are trying to hurt us, and that is particularly offensive. But it is absolutely clear that we cannot, by statute, shut all these people up, cleanse the process of all of this discussion, and control the campaign.  