 President, with regard to the likelihood of the district court decision in Adarand being overturned--I see my friend from New Mexico is leaving--just to close the discussion on what is likely to be the outcome in the case, I asked the Congressional Research Service about the cases in this particular area of the law.  Let me, Mr. President, for our colleagues in the Senate, point out that the Congressional Research Service has found no--no, not a one--no court ruling after a trial where a race-based contracting program has met the Supreme Court's test of strict scrutiny.  I say to my friend from New Mexico, there hasn't been a single case that the Congressional Research Service could find where a race-based contracting program has met the Supreme Court's test of strict scrutiny. In fact, CRS has explained that Adarand conforms--this is not sort of an aberration out there --it conforms to a pattern of Federal rulings across the country striking down race-based contracting programs as unconstitutional:  Associated General Contractors of California v. San Francisco, a ninth circuit case; Michigan Road Builders v. Milliken, a sixth circuit case; Groves v. Fulton County in the Northern District of Georgia; Milwaukee County Pavers Association v. Fiedler in the seventh circuit; Associated General Contractors of Connecticut v. New Haven, district court in Connecticut; O'Donnell Construction Co. v. District of Columbia in DC Circuit; Arrow Office Supply v. Detroit, Eastern District of Michigan; Louisiana Associated General Contractors v. Louisiana in Louisiana; Associated General Contractors of America v. Columbus, Southern District of Ohio; Engineering Contractors Association of South Florida v. Metropolitan Dade County in the 11th circuit; and finally, Contractors Association of Eastern Pennsylvania v. Philadelphia in the third circuit; and more recently, Monterey Mechanical v. Wilson in the ninth circuit, decided last September; Houston Contractors Association v. Metropolitan Transit, decided last November.  Mr. President, CRS was unable to find a single court ruling where after a trial a race-based contracting program has met the Supreme Court's test of strict scrutiny.  I think it is extremely unlikely, in conclusion, I say to my friend from New Mexico, that we are going to have a court decision overturning the district court finding after Adarand laid down the standard. I thank him for his important contribution.  This is a very, very important issue about what kind of a country we are going to have, what kind of America we are going to have. Are we going to realize Martin Luther King's dream of a colorblind society, or are we going to continue down what the Senator from Kentucky believes is a mistaken path of putting people into boxes, into groups, and to doling out benefits and rights based upon what ethnicity they may be, whether they are male or female? Are we going to continue to go down that path or really work to achieve a colorblind society? I think the courts are telling us that quotas and preferences based on race, ethnicity, and sex are not going to be upheld. The pattern is clear, and it seems to me we ought to follow what is, it seems to me, the law of the land in this particular instance. I yield the floor.  Several Senator addressed the Chair.  