 President I rise today to discuss the Defense Authorization bill. I support this bill and believe the Conferees have acted appropriately and supported the vital needs of our national security. However, I strenuously object to one provision that I believe is a grave mistake.  Section 1075 of H.R. 3616 inserts language which would have the effect of changing the tax structure of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Mr. President, this is a terrible and misguided assault on the rights of Kentucky to levy income tax. I believe this decision sets a dangerous precedent and will harm citizens of my state.  Fort Campbell is a unique military post which straddles the Kentucky-Tennessee state lines. As a result, many residents of Tennessee go to work every day across the border in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Currently, those who work on the Kentucky side of Fort Campbell are subject to Kentucky's state income tax. Section 1075 takes away Kentucky's ability to legally enforce its state tax on these employees. As a result, Kentucky will lose millions of dollars a year in revenue. I am unable to come up with any justification for the Armed Services committee to impose its will on the Commonwealth of Kentucky in this manner.  Mr. President, for the Armed Services committee to take this action astonishes me. This issue should be debated and resolved by the impacted states. By imposing this solution, the Armed Services committee has effectively foreclosed any opportunity for future negotiations.  My colleague from Kentucky, Senator Ford, has made lengthy remarks on this issue, and I agree with much of what he said. However, I do take offense at the partisan barbs, as they are unwarranted and unproductive. Perhaps the diatribe was cathartic, but cheap shots get us no closer to the solution.  That said Mr. President, like my colleague from Kentucky, I will vote for final passage of this bill. It contains a number of items that I encouraged the committee to adopt, and I thank them for their consideration.  