 Basically what the Supreme Court did was to lay out the standard, and they said that any racial presumption must be narrowly tailored to meet a compelling governmental interest. ISTEA uses that racial presumption. Then what the Court did was they sent the case back to the district court to determine what statutes and regulations were in play in Adarand and whether the statutes and regulations met the strict-scrutiny standard.  In the district court case--I apologize to my good friend from New Mexico if I said the Adarand case declared the regs unconstitutional. I don't think I said that on the floor here today. I may have said that in some conversation we had yesterday. But what the Adarand case did was lay out the standard, sent the case back to the district court, and the district court said, and this is a direct quote, ``Section 1003(b) of ISTEA and the regulations promulgated thereunder are unconstitutional.'' So the district court, applying the standard of Adarand, said the case was unconstitutional.  The Department of Transportation, in trying to appeal the district court decision--they don't like that decision. They are going to appeal it to the 10th circuit. The Department of Transportation in their brief, in describing the lower court decision, says, ``This order declares unconstitutional the program operated by DOT, but also the Federal aid DBE program operated by the State of Colorado under ISTEA.''  So, I think we are in the same place here. Technically, the Supreme Court only laid down the standard in this case. But that was a landmark standard. It was sent back down to the district court, which applied the standard and found this unconstitutional. And the Court in another case, a very similar case to this--the Court meaning the Supreme Court--has addressed this issue. So it is not like the Supreme Court has never spoken, I would say to my friend from New Mexico, on this subject. In the Croson case the Court said, ``In sum, none of the evidence presented by the city''--this was referring to the city of Richmond, a similar factual situation:       None of the evidence presented by the city point to any      identified discrimination in the Richmond construction      industry. We therefore hold that the city has failed to      demonstrate a compelling interest in apportioning public      contracting opportunities on the basis of race.       To accept Richmond's claim that past societal      discrimination alone can serve as the basis for rigid racial      preferences would be to open the door to competing claims for      remedial relief for nearly every disadvantaged group. The      dream of a nation of equal citizens in a society where race      is irrelevant to personal opportunity and achievement would      be lost in a mosaic of shifting preferences based on      inherently unmeasurable claims of past wrongs. Courts would      be asked to evaluate the extent of the prejudice and      consequent harm suffered by various minority groups. Those      whose societal injury is thought to exceed some arbitrary      level of tolerability then would be entitled to preferential      classifications. We think such a result would be contrary to      both the letter and spirit of a constitutional provision      whose central command is equality.  Finally, let me say the Supreme Court has addressed a similar issue in the Croson case. The Supreme Court laid down the standard in Adarand, sent it to the district court, which applied the standard which found the very provision we are talking about unconstitutional. That is on appeal to the 10th circuit. And the sufficiency of the new regs that my good friend from New Mexico and other speakers on the other side of this issue have referred to I suppose is the issue before us today. In other words, has the Department of Transportation, bearing in mind the Adarand decision and the subsequent district court decision, adjusted the regulations in such a way as to come into compliance with the law?  I cite on that point a letter from George LaNoue, who is an expert in this particular field who has testified before a number of congressional committees on this subject. Professor LaNoue addresses the adequacy of the new regs. He says:       It is being asserted that various alterations and proposed      regulations for ISTEA solve the constitutional problems      created by the use of race, ethnic and gender preferences in      awarding of contracts under that program. That assertion is      incorrect for two reasons. First, the regulatory alternatives      go only to the issue of narrow tailoring--  Narrow tailoring--     not to the constitutional requirement that a compelling basis      of remedying identified discrimination be established before      any, for the use of preferences, be considered. None of the      fundamental evidentiary requirements necessary to support the      preferences in this legislation have been established by the      administration or by Congress.  He concludes his letter, which I will ask to have printed in the Record:       Proposed regulations are either irrelevant or incomplete to      the major requirements of narrowly tailoring, and they do not      begin to supply a compelling basis for the use of      preferences.  So where I think we are is that reasonable people can differ about what the courts are saying. I think it is pretty clear that the Senator from New Mexico probably speaks for the majority here in the Senate, and we will get an opportunity, as he indicated, to find out what the law is because it is on appeal to the 10th circuit.  It is also very, very clear that quotas and preferences are going to die hard, Mr. President, in this country. There are roughly 160 preferential quota and preference programs in the Federal Government which dole out benefits on the basis of gender and race. It looks as if the only way we will be able to dismantle those is case by case by case.  The Senator from New Mexico is certainly correct, the district court decision applying the standard in Adarand is on appeal to the 10th circuit. But there are numerous Supreme Court and circuit court decisions that give us an indication of what the result will be. It will probably be a denial of cert, which someone will argue, again, is not a Supreme Court decision. But a denial of cert, if the 10th circuit upholds the district court, will, in fact, finish the case.  I am not saying the Senator from New Mexico will take this position at all, but I bet you there will be some, I say to my good friend from New Mexico, who, if we offer this amendment at some later time, will say, ``Well, there wasn't a Supreme Court decision on it, it was only a denial of certiorari.  So I thank the Senator from New Mexico. I understand the sensitivity of this issue. I certainly agree with him that he could rely on the Attorney General's opinion about this, if he chose to. She is a part of the administration. The administration opposes dismantling this particular program. Just speaking for myself, I am not surprised that she would take the position she does, and ultimately the courts will decide.  