 President, the bill before us is a $12.599 billion bill within an allocation of $12.6 billion.  While it is below the administration's request of $14.1 billion in fiscal year 1999, we provided virtually the same level as last year's funding. If we compare last year's level with this year, including arrears, both bills are approximately the same level--$13.1 billion.  Fortunately, we can achieve this level because Senator Domenici and the Budget Committee decided to give arrears special treatment relieving scoring pressure.  Let me review some of the highlights which many members have expressed interest in.  For the first time we have reduced the level of support for Israel and Egypt. This is the first reduction of a planned 10 years, evenly distributed schedule. We reduced Israel's economic aid by a total of $120 million to $1.080 billion and increased security assistance by $60 million to $1.860 billion.  There is no increase in security assistance for Egypt so to maintain proportionality we have only reduced the economic aid program by $40 million to $775 million. Security assistance stays constant at $1.3 billion.  We have also tried to preserve a relatively strong level of funding for the New Independent States which most of us agree need the help to finish their transition to free market democracies. In total we have provided $740 million.  Within the NIS account we have continued to earmark levels for three countries, Ukraine, Armenia, and Georgia.  Although I strongly support securing Ukraine's political and economic independence, and believe we should do all we can to help, I must confess some frustration with the pace of reforms in that country. It is clear the economic environment in Ukraine is very difficult to work in. In particular, the government has been slow to recommend--and the Rada even slower to pass--essential tax and commercial law reforms, the key to attracting and expanding private investment.  Because of the slow pace of reforms, the bill reduces the overall level of support for Ukraine from $225 million to $210 million. The bill also authorizes the Secretary of State to withhold 50 percent of the funds for 120 days until she certifies that the Ukrainians are on the right track and have made progress in their tax and commercial structure and demonstrated a serious commitment to economic reforms. This will not be easy, but I believe President Kuchma has recognized it is in Ukraine's interest to advance and accelerate reforms.  Ukraine is not the only weak and worrisome economy. Since working on the 1993 bill, Senator Leahy and I have both expressed concern about the inconsistent and slow pace of reforms in Russia which are very much in the news this very day. August headlines once again demonstrate our aid and that of other donors is not achieving crucial and sustainable results.  For at least 4 years, we have all read the same headlines. Russia faces imminent financial collapse and Moscow calls for immediate international support, always with a measure of justifiable urgency. There are round the clock negotiations, in which Moscow, once again, agrees to all the right tough financial, tax and economic reforms, donor funds are disbursed, there is a deep sigh of international relief, and then absolutely nothing happens.  I have repeatedly warned officials at Treasury that it seems unwise at the very time we are dismantling our welfare system here at home, that we create a new program of destructive dependency abroad. Russia's addiction to international loans is not healthy--for their economy or our interests. The administration must follow through and use our aid for programs which will sustain the needed tax and commercial reforms or the current crisis will only get worse, if that is possible.  The crisis in investor confidence and the flight of capital is not a recent event. In fact this latest crisis reflects how little foreign capital has been invested in generating jobs, income and growth in manufacturing and production. The collapse we are witnessing is driven by the fact that the Russian budget and economy are fueled primarily by two sources--international loans and the artificially inflated bond market. Given the choice between the promise of a government bond return of 150 percent or sinking capital into an industrial plant where there are no commercial regulations protecting contract sanctity or investment, money has moved into Moscow's bond market.  But, even that investment has been slim compared to other global economies. Before the stock market was closed, only a handful of companies were being traded, each losing enormous ground. Reports of 80 percent losses in value in such thin markets exaggerate the impression of the scale of trade and more importantly hid the real story. A few companies lost, and are losing, a lot of money. However, real, long term investment in Russia's productive capacity has never really grown. With no equity, no real investment to back it, the Russian ruble was bound to collapse calling attention to the basic problems with the commercial environment which neither the administration nor the Yeltsin government have been willing to tackle. Now, there is little chance--but no choice to carry out overdue reforms.  Let me add one more caution. This overhaul should not be the IMF's formula response. Raising taxes in an economy where there is little income and less growth isn't painful; it's stupid. Some Russian entities, most notably Gazprom, clearly have evaded taxcollection in the past, at the expense of starved government coffers. But, in general higher taxes are not going to solve Russia's long term crisis. Confidence and investment will only be restored and expanded by reforms which implement and enforce a rational, consistent commercial rule of law.  While the NIS accounts is both large and important, I think the core of this year's bill has been defined by events in Asia. What is new this year is the serious commitment we have made to support our trading partners, allies and friends across the Pacific, as they work through the most turbulent economic conditions they have experienced since World War II.  There are several Asian related initiatives worth noting.  First, in title VI, we include full support for the new arrangements to borrow and the quota to replenish depleted resources for the IMF. After extensive discussion and debate, the Senator voted for a bill which provided both funding and reforms in the management of the IMF. This bill includes the Senate passed version in its entirety.  Many share my concern that the IMF, and other international institutions, have been remote, indifferent and very closed societies dominated by foreign bureaucrats who are happy to take our money and spend it without accountability to any public authority or government.  This legislation takes a first step toward opening the IMF's doors and shedding light on their management polices and practices. I don't want anyone to conclude that the IMF will be as accessible as your credit union on the corner, but we have started a process which I hope eventually will produce a better managed and more open, accountable institution.  While I was less concerned in the Spring about the IMF's financial standing, I now believe the time has come for the Congress to complete our commitment. The recent repackaged $22 billion Russian loan compelled activation of Fund's reserve line of credit known as the General Arrangements to Borrow which this legislation will replenish. With the possibility of new requirements in Asia and closer to home in Latin America, I think the Fund's solid financial footing avoids further U.S. bilateral commitment of funds and is key to the recovery of our Pacific trading partners which, I expect, in turn, will help stave off a slow down of our economy.  In addition to replenishing the IMF, we have recommended other steps to strengthen the Asian economies. We have increased the subsidy for the Export Import Bank significantly over last year, which was not easy given the overall budget pressure. However, export support is more important than ever for the U.S. economy, especially as our traditional partners suffer setbacks and devaluations making their products cheaper and more competitive on the world market.  In addition to our commitment to U.S. financial institutions deeply engaged in Asia, this bill also specifically addresses the crisis in Indonesia, Burma and Cambodia.  Senator Stevens and Inouye have been especially concerned by the collapse of the Indonesia economic and political situation, as all of us have. This time last year, I was convinced that the collapse in investor confidence, driving the rupiah down to devastating new lows each week, would only be reversed with a major political change. I believed then, as now, that until elections are held, and the country is provided honest, strong democratic leadership, Indonesia is destined to struggle, if not fail,  Suharto's departure was welcome, but long overdue. He has left behind a shell of a government and the risk of more violence and instability grows. In this context, I have been deeply disappointed by AID and the administration's slow response to Indonesia's problems. Indonesia continues to be the regional economic undertow dragging down and potentially drowning each of her neighbors. The IMF, the World Bank, the Asian Bank, and AID all lack a clear, consistent strategy on how to address this crisis.  At this point conservative estimates suggest at least 60 million people are unemployed placing pressure on virtually every family. This bill provides $100 million to launch a serious economic and political effort to help put the country back on track. It directs funds to strengthen political parties to assure quick and fair elections and it provides food, medical, job generating an related humanitarian assistance. But what is equally important is it will compel AID to carry out this support outside the cozy, long standing relationship with official ministries and their bureaucrats. The bill requires 80 percent of the aid be administered through non-government organizations which not only will ease suffering but also help build new, grass roots aid delivery mechanisms and strengthen the next generation of political and economic leaders.  Next, the bill expands political and humanitarian support to Burma. I think we are at a point where our ASEAN partners agree the junta in Rangoon has gone too far. I commend Secretary Albright for her public statements and effort to secure the return of the legitimate government and urge her to continue her crucial work in the days ahead.  While I have confidence in her commitment, much of her effort seems to be undermined by events in country. To assure American policy and practice are consistent both in Washington and in Rangoon, I have set aside $2 million which may be expended only after written consultation with the legitimate government elected in 1990. This is not a precedent--there has been past dialog between other donors and the legitimate government establishing guidelines for the administration of development aid. I do recognize this may be difficult to accomplish, but U.S. policy and practice must press forward and actively include the 1990 government in any dialog which involves our funds. Ultimately, these funds may simply sit in trust for a future free day in Burma, but I think our support for democracy must be in both words and financial action.  For the past 2 years, I have held deep reservations about American embassy officials failure to support the restoration of democracy, but that is a debate for another day. What I hope to achieve today is a clear statement and representation of support for those who suffer the brutality of the regime by increasing our humanitarian aid and, to make absolutely clear support or the legitimate government which we should be working with rather than against.  Finally, and briefly, I want to turn to Cambodia. I am deeply concerned that the environment leading up to elections was not conducive to a free and fair outcome. While the turnout was high, as we all know, elections are less about election day and more about the weeks and months beforehand.  After Hun Sen's bloody coup in which scores of people were killed and many fled the country, his junta seemed to recognize the need to establish some margin of legitimacy or face a cut off of all international aid. Hun Sen called for elections and then for months systematically denied any opponent any real opportunity to campaign. At least 49 people were targeted and assassinated in politically motivated hits. Candidates were denied access to the press, and restricted from giving speeches, holding rallies or meeting and getting their message out to voters.  While the opposition urged a delay in the election date, the Administration decided to support moving forward. Now there are real questions about the final outcome with opposition challenges over fraud and irregularities. Whatever the outcome, what is very clear is many of the candidates who returned to Cambodia to campaign did so at considerable risk. Sam Rainsy and his party members and FUNCIPEC candidates, all put their lives on the line to run for office, to reclaim their nation.  I believe it is vital to stand by their commitment to democracy and assure their risk was not in vain. Thus, aid to Cambodia is conditioned upon certifications related to the fairness of the elections and the prospects for real democratic growth. Humanitarian aid and development aid provided through non-government organizations can proceed regardless, but it makes no sense to prop up a vicious, selfserving dictatorship.  In conclusion, the market slides and crashes across Asia have convinced even the most isolationists among us that our economic and political security interests are defined and can bedamaged by events as far away as Jakarta. With increased export assistance, by expanding humanitarian and economic initiatives, and building programs, to strengthen independent, democratic institutions worldwide, I believe this bill supports and secures U.S. interests in international economic growth and political stability, while living within the balanced budget agreement.  I encourage my colleagues' support.  I certainly urge my colleagues to support the bill. That completes my opening statement. Senator Leahy will probably want to make an opening statement.  