 President, the Snowe-Jeffords amendment, while I am sure it is well-intentioned, isn't consistent with the first amendment. The American Civil Liberties Union, America's experts on the first amendment, say that it falls short of the free speech requirements of the U.S. Supreme Court in the first amendment.  The proponents of this proposal seem to me to be dismayed at all of this speech out there polluting our democracy and our campaigns. The presumption underlying that, of course, is that we as candidates somehow ought to be able to control elections, as if only our voices should be heard.  The proponents say what we need to do is get all of this speech under control. And the way you do that, of course, is you make the speech accountable to the Government through the Federal Election Commission. They say, ``Well, it is just disclosure. All we are asking is just disclosure.'' The U.S. Supreme Court in the case of NAACP v. Alabama made it abundantly clear that you could not require of the group its membership list or its donations to be handed over to the Government as a condition for engaging in public discourse.  So clearly, Mr. President, this measure would not pass muster.  With regard to nonprofits, the amendment puts all manner of new controls on them if they are so audacious as to mention any of our names near an election.  Finally, Mr. President, it punishes private citizens who have a constitutional right to support causes popular and controversial without being subject to Federal regulation.  So, let me just sum it up.  There isn't any question--and I am sure proponents of this amendment wouldn't deny it--they wouldn't be offering the amendment at all if it were not designed to make it more difficult for groups to criticize all of us in proximity to an election.  Mr. President, I confess I don't like it. I wish it didn't happen. Even some of those groups that come in in support of us we frequently think make things worse and botch the job. But the Court has been rather clear--crystal clear--that the candidates don't control all of the discourse. We certainly don't control what the newspapers are writing about us in the last few days of an election. And we certainly can't control what groups may say about us to our displeasure in proximity to an election.  Democracy is sort of a messy thing. It is sort of a messy thing. The speech police don't get to control how everybody participates in our elections. It may frustrate us. But that is the price for a healthy democracy.  So, Mr. President, at the end of the discussion I will make a motion to table the Snowe-Jeffords amendment, and I hope the motion to table will be approved.  