 I have been on the Agriculture Committee for 14 years. I am a supporter of GATT, NAFTA, fast track, and replenishment of the IMF, which we handle in our subcommittee of appropriations for foreign ops. So put me down as a free trader. Also, put me down as a principal sponsor of the amendment last week to lift the agricultural sanctions on India and Pakistan. We did sort of a partial job on that last week, and then, as the Senator from Arizona pointed out, sort of finished the job today.  Also, put me down as a great admirer of the chairman of the Agriculture Committee and his distinguished work over the years in foreign policy, and on trade matters as well.  The majority leader asked me to chair the task force on sanctions. The Democratic leader asked Senator Biden to do that. As the Senator from Arizona just pointed out, we have had an opportunity to only have one meeting. It was yesterday.  I say to my good friend from Indiana, by September I might well be supporting this bill. But I am, frankly, among those in the Senate--and I expect this is almost everyone in this body--who has not been exactly consistent on the subject of sanctions over the years. Having supported MFN to China, I have also advocated certain kinds of sanctions against Burma. My guess is that there is hardly anybody in this room who has been entirely consistent on this subject.  What the distinguished Senator from Indiana tried to do here is to enact a broad piece of legislation that may well be justified. But let me say I am just not yet comfortable in taking that step. Maybe by September I will be comforted that this is what we ought to do. But I want to echo the observations of the distinguished Senator from Arizona that I am just not sure we are ready, as a body, to wipe the slate clean.  Reading from Senator Lugar's bill, unless I am missing something here, it says, ``Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the President may not implement any new unilateral economic sanction under any provision of law with respect to a foreign country, or foreign entity, unless at least 45 days in advance of such implementation the President publishes notice in the Federal Register of his intent to implement such sanctions.''  It is my understanding that just today the President announced sanctions and trade restrictions under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act against certain Russian countries. I am concerned, for example, whether under this bill the President could have taken that step. Maybe he should not have. Maybe that is the point of the bill.  But let me just say, Madam President, that I am queasy about taking such a broad, comprehensive step, even though it is only prospective, before we have even had a chance to work our way through it. I confess that many of us have not spent the amount of time the Senator from Indiana has already spent on it. He is undoubtedly one of the experts in the Senate on this subject.  But, since all of us are called upon to vote, let me appeal to those in the Senate who may not yet have the level of expertise on the sanctions issue that the distinguished chairman of the Agriculture Committee has, and ask the question, Are we ready to enact on this appropriations bill a broad, sweeping sanctions policy at this time?  Let me repeat. The Senator from Indiana may be entirely correct that this is the way to go. But I will suggest to the Senate that we give this a little more time and think it through a little further. I am not sure the work of the task force, on which many of us serve, including the Senator from Indiana and the Senator from Arizona, is going to shed a whole lot of light on this. But we are going to try. We are going to try to shed some light on it by having a hearing on July 30. We are going to try very hard to meet the majority leader's deadline of having at least a report by September 1. That may or may not enlighten a whole lot of Members of the Senate.  But for those of us who have not spent as much time on this as the distinguished Senator from Indiana maybe, that report will be helpful to us. Maybe we will get a chance, as the Senator from Arizona pointed out, to kind of start out with what a sanction is. I am not even sure I know, frankly, at this point exactly what is and what isn't a sanction. Is a restriction in a foreign aid bill a sanction? Do we make a distinction between transfers of military significance? I think most Senators would argue that you should make that kind of distinction on things like agricultural products, food and medicine, and the like.  So I commend the Senator from Indiana for a very important piece of legislation and just suggest that maybe this isn't the best time for most of us to be going forward on this, and I hope we can shed some light through the task force over the next few weeks on this whole subject.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  