 I think it is important to talk a little bit about the philosophy that divides us on this issue.  My good friends on the other side of the aisle look at America as a seething caldron of people who are trying to make us do bad things. We, on the other hand, take the approach to this that James Madison did. James Madison, the author of the first amendment, Mr. President, understood that America would, in fact, be a cauldron, a cauldron of special interests, but special interests in Madison's views, or factions, as he put it, would be people who would be guaranteed a right to have some influence; that it was totally American--expected, anticipated and necessary--in a democracy to allow people to have influence.  After all, who are we trying to wall ourselves off from, Mr. President? People who want to contribute to our campaigns, limit and disclose amounts of their hard-earned money because they believe in what we are doing? What could conceivably be wrong with that? In fact, it is as American as apple pie. Not only is it the right thing for our people, it is the constitutionally protected thing for our country.  The Supreme Court has made it abundantly clear, abundantly clear that unless you have the ability to amplify your voice in a country of 260 to 270 million people, you don't have much speech. Dan Rather has a lot of speech, Tom Brokaw has a lot of speech, the editorial page of the Washington Post has a lot of speech, but your average American citizen, unless that person can amplify his voice, doesn't have much speech. So the Court said spending is speech and the first amendment applies to individuals, groups, candidates and parties, as well as applying to the press. A stunning thing for the press to observe, that we have free speech rights as well. They don't like it. They would like to have more power, not less. They would like to control our campaigns, control the discourse in the course of the campaign that goes on, and control the outcome with their editorial endorsement. But the first amendment doesn't allow them to control the political process. It also doesn't allow the Government, through some statute we passed here, to be put in charge of regulating either the quality or the quantity of political speech.  The great conservative Thurgood Marshall summed it up in the Buckley case: ``The one thing we all agree on is that spending is speech.''  The Court made the point that if you say somebody is free to speak but then say they can only speak so much, they are not very free to speak. They said it would be about like saying you are free to travel, but you can only spend $100. How free are you?  I wonder how our friends at the Washington Post and New York Times would feel if we said: You are free to say anything you want, but your circulation is now limited to 2,500 or 10,000. They would say: You are interfering with our speech because we can't amplify our speech.  Of course, they would be correct. I say that somewhat tongue in cheek, but the principle is the same whether it's the press or an individual candidate or a group or a party.  Mr. President, I don't feel that people participating in our campaigns is in any way inappropriate. It should not be condemned; it ought to be applauded. We don't have a problem in this country because we are speaking too much in political campaigns. Our good friends on the other side of the aisle say, well, we are spending too much. Compared to what? It's about what the public spent on bubble gum last cycle.  There was an increase in spending because the stakes were big. A lot of people cared about what happened in the 1996 election. There was a struggle for the White House and a struggle for the Congress and a struggle over the future of America. A lot of people cared about that and they got involved. They wrote their checks out and gave it to their favorite party or candidate. Some groups came out and said how they felt about it, which they have a constitutional right to do, as well, under the first amendment. Many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle were appalled; all this speech was polluting the process, they said.  Mr. President, I think all that speech was invigorating the process. When there is not much speech in a campaign, not much spending in a campaign, it is a sleepy campaign with no competition. Typically, statistically, it is a lower turnout election when there is no interest. So there is nothing offensive, nothing improper, and nothing to be condemned when you look at a heavily contested election in which large quantities of money are spent on behalf of the candidates because people think the stakes are big.  Now, why would people care, Mr. President? We have a huge Government that affects every American. It is naive in the extreme to expect that people don't want to have some impact on a political process which takes 30 to 40 percent of their money every year--paying taxes is not exactly a voluntary act--and spends it on what it wants to.  What kind of country would we have if all of these people in our land wereunable to influence the political process? We would have an unresponsive democracy, a Government run by elitists who want to shut everybody up. Fortunately, Mr. President, the courts are never going to allow that to happen. This Senate is never going to allow it to happen, because we are not going to go down the road of regulating people out of the political process because we don't like either the quantity or the quality of their speech. I have heard it said off and on over the last few days about these polluting issue ad campaigns, these sham campaigns. Who is to decide, Mr. President, whose speech is worthy and whose speech is not? The Supreme Court made it clear that the Government is not going to allow us here to decide whose speech is worthy and whose speech is not. The first amendment doesn't allow us the latitude to categorize certain kinds of speech as offensive and other kinds of speech as laudable. So that is at the core of this debate.  I want to say to my colleagues in the Senate and to those who may be following this debate, the supporters of McCain-Feingold-type proposals--which was called, when the Democrats were in the majority, Boren-Mitchell--say they are always going to come back.  Let me make sure that everybody understands that we will always be back, too. We will fight efforts to undermine political discourse in this country wherever they may arise. There are some multimillionaires who are funding campaigns around the country. George Soros, a multibillionaire who funds a variety of things, including referenda to legalize marijuana, has taken an interest in this subject. Jerome Kohlberg, a former financier from Wall Street, has taken an interest in this subject. These are people who think everybody else's money in politics is bad except theirs. They have been trying to fund an effort to pass so-called campaign finance referenda.  Let me assure our colleagues, the Members of the Senate, that there will always be somebody there. For example, there is the James Madison Center, a new group that has been established to fight for first amendment political speech, a group of public interest lawyers who will be involved in these cases, striking them all down one after another. Their record in court has been excellent. The California referendum was struck down last month; the Maine referendum was struck down last year--all of these efforts, even though they may be well-intentioned, to push people out of the political process and put the Government in charge of how much we may speak, when we may speak, whether or not we have to disclose our membership lists as a precondition as to whether or not we can mention a candidate or not mention a candidate.  Who are we kidding? What reformers want to do is shut everybody up. They want to shut down the discussion. It isn't going to happen, Mr. President. There will be somebody there to fight in every court in America, State, local or Federal, to preserve the rights of all Americans to speak without Government interference in the political process.  This is a very important debate. This is not a little issue. There isn't anything more fundamental to our democracy--nothing--than the ability to discuss issues, to support candidates, either as individuals or in banding together as groups, and to express yourself without Government interference or limitation in this great country. This is the core of our democracy.  Now, Mr. President, I might mention that in Europe, England in particular, they have had restrictions against issue advocacy, which is something we have talked about a good deal here in the last 3 or 4 days. Issue advocacy is not complicated. It is a group banding together to express themselves about us or an issue or anything else they choose to at any time they choose to, without Government interference. Over in Europe, the British in particular, basically didn't allow citizens to band together and express themselves. Last week--it is kind of interesting--a group in England took a case to the European Court of Human Rights, which ruled that laws banning ordinary citizens from spending money to promote or denigrate candidates in election campaigns was a breach of human rights. The court was right. For the Government to say you can't go out as a citizen or as a group of citizens and criticize candidates any time you want, that is a breach of human rights. They struck down that British prohibition. The independent newspaper in London says that ruling opens up the way for American-style election battles.  Well, it is about time they had some American-style election battles in which citizens have an opportunity to band together and express themselves without government interference in Europe. So I commend that court for its ruling. It looks to me as if the Europeans are heading in the direction of having a real democracy. In a real democracy, Mr. President, the candidates don't get to control all the discussion in the election. We would love to. We would really like that because then we could have our campaigns and the other guys could have theirs. The press always has a campaign, and, of course, that would go on. But we would not have any of these groups out there messing up our campaigns.  Mr. President, we don't own these campaigns; we don't control them. It is not our right to shut these citizens up, no matter how much it may irritate us. The good thing about what is going to happen in a few minutes is that those people's ability to participate is going to be preserved. We are not going to take that away. We are going to kill a bill that richly deserves to be killed. We are going to do it proudly and unapologetically.  There is also another vote we are going to have, an opportunity to introduce an American principle as old as the founding of the country into the labor movement in this country. No one ought to be required to support political causes with which they disagree. The Supreme Court has, in fact, already ruled that way in the Beck case. But, as a practical matter, the Beck decision is not being enforced. There is a bill called the paycheck protection bill, of which Senator Nickles was the original author and which Senator Lott has offered, which would guarantee that there has to be written permission by a union before it takes money from its members for political purposes.  Everybody else in the American political process operates on that principle. Everybody else. It's high time that our good friends in organized labor raise their money voluntarily, from willing donors, like everyone else. I don't want to shut up the unions. I defend their right to engage in issue advocacy. It has always been directed against members of my party. I would not, for a minute, support anything that would take them off the playing field. But they ought to raise their resources from voluntary donors like everybody else.  This issue is going to be out in the States, Mr. President--a referendum in California in June, in Nevada, in Colorado, and in other States. It has already been passed in the State of Washington a few years ago. This is the real campaign finance reform that I urge our colleagues to vote for. If you want to vote for a real change in the American election system that would move us in the right direction, then let's introduce democracy into the workplace by making certain that no one's dues are taken against their will and spent on causes with which they disagree.  So, Mr. President, I urge a vote for cloture on the paycheck protection bill and a vote against cloture on McCain-Feingold, which would wreak great harm upon the first amendment to the U.S. Constitution.  I yield the floor.  