President, I come to the floor today to support legislation that addresses an important issue facing American families today--the education of their children. An area of particular interest to me has always been making a college education more affordable. For the past several years, I have introduced legislation to provide tax incentives to families who save for college.  I have not been alone in my efforts to give parents more flexibility to choose the school which is best for their child and make those decisions more affordable. Under the leadership of the 105th Congress, there has been a strong focus on education. My colleague from Georgia, Senator Coverdell, has championed the cause by introducing legislation which would increase the amount families can save for elementary and secondary education in an education IRA. I also want to commend Senator Roth, the Chairman of the Finance Committee, who has worked tirelessly to help all Americans save more for their retirement. I want to thank the Chairman for his support of these education savings initiatives, especially his support of the state-sponsored savings and pre-paid programs.  Mr. President, anyone with a child in college knows first-hand the expense of higher education. The GAO has also confirmed the astronomical increase in college costs. According to GAO, tuition at a four-year university rose 234 percent between 1980-1994, while median household income rose only 84 percent and the consumer price index rose a mere 74 percent. A similar study conducted by the College Board found that tuition and fees for a four-year public university rose 100.3 percent from 1987-1997, while median household income rose only 34.5 percent. Throughout the 1990's, education costs have continually outstripped the gains in income. Tuition rates have now become the greatest obstacle students face in attending college.  Due to the high cost of education, more and more families have come to rely on financial aid to meet tuition costs. In fact, a majority of all college students utilize some amount of financial assistance. In 1995, $50 billion in financial aid was available to students from federal, state, and institutional sources. This was $3 billion higher than the previous year. A majority of this increase was in the form of loans, which now make up the largest portion of the total federal-aid package at 57 percent. Grants, which a decade ago made up 49 percent of assistance, have been reduced to 42 percent. This shift toward loans further burdens students and families with additional interest costs.  This legislation is a serious effort to support long-term saving. It is important that we not forget that compound interest cuts both ways. By saving, participants can keep pace with tuition increases while putting a little away at a time. By borrowing, students must bear added interest costs that add thousands to the total cost of tuition. Savings will have a positive impact, by reducing the need for students to borrow tens of thousands of dollars in student loans. This will help make need-based grants, which target low-income families, go much further.  This legislation also recognizes the leadership that states have provided in helping families save for college. In the mid-1980s, states identified the difficulty families had in keeping pace with the rising cost of education. States like Kentucky, Florida, Ohio, and Michigan were the first to start programs in order to help families save for college. Nationwide more than 30 states have established savings programs, and over a dozen states are preparing to implement plans in the near future. Today, there are nearly one million savers who have contributed over $3 billion in education savings. The provision which I authored, which allows tax-free education savings in state-sponsored savings plans for education purposes, provides a $1.5 billion tax break for middle-class savers nationwide. In Kentucky, over 2,700 families have established accounts, which amount to about $6.4 million in savings  Mr. President, many Kentuckians are drawn to this program because it offers a low-cost, disciplined approach to savings. In fact, the average monthly contribution in Kentucky is just $52. It is also important to note that 58 percent of the participants earn under $60,000 per year. By exempting all interest earnings from state taxes, this proposal rewards parents who are serious about their children's future and who are committed over the long-term to the education of their children. Clearly, this benefits middle-class families.  In 1994, I introduced the first bill to make education savings exempt from taxation. Since then I have won a couple of battles, but I still haven't won the war. To win the war Congress needs to make education savings tax free--from start to finish. The bill we are considering today will do that. In 1996, Congress took the first step in providing tax relief to families investing in these programs. In the Small Business Job Protection Act of 1996, I was able to include a provision that clarified the tax treatment of state-sponsored savings plans and the participants' investment. This measure put an end to the tax uncertainty that has hampered the effectiveness of these state-sponsored programs and helped families who are trying to save for their children's' education.  In 1997, the Job Protection Act expanded the definition of ``qualified education costs'' to include room and board, thus doubling the amount families could save tax-free. In Kentucky, room and board at a public institution make up half of all college costs.  Already, we can see the result of the tax reforms in the 105th Congress. In 1996, Virginia started its plan and was overwhelmed by the positive response. In its first year, the plan sold 16,111 contracts raising $260 million. This success exceeded all goals for this program. While we made important gains, we need to finish what we have already started and fully exempt the investment income from taxation.  Last month, the Finance Committee approved legislation, sponsored by Senator Coverdell and Senator Torricelli, which would allow parents to place as much as $2,000 per year, per child, in an education savings account for kindergarten through high school education. I am proud to join several of my distinguished colleagues to support the A+ Education Savings Accounts Act. I believe this measure will continue the Republican effort to move the money and decision-making authority out of Washington and back where it belongs, at home with parents and their locally-elected school boards.  As revised by the Finance Committee, these after-tax, non-government dollars would earn tax-free interest and could be used for expenses and tuition associated with any school from kindergarten through high schools. Under this plan, parents, grandparents, and scholarship sponsors may contribute up to $2,000 a year per child. The buildup of interest within the account is tax free if used for the student's education. For students who attend private or religious schools, money can be withdrawn from an A+ Account to pay for tuition. For those who attend public school, this money can be used for after-school tutoring, any transportation expenses, or to purchase a home computer. Moreover, parents of special needs children could use this money for lifelong education expenses, including tutoring, occupational therapy, vocational training, and skill development for independent living. As you can see, this program is targeted to provide for the educational needs of all Americans.  The Joint Committee on Taxation has estimated that more than 10 million families with children in public schools will take advantage of these accounts. Moreover, it has said that 70 percent of the tax benefit will go to the families with annual incomes of $75,000 and less.  Last year, the Coverdell-Torricelli initiative passed the House and received 56 votes in this Senate. It is in our best interest as a nation to maintain a quality and affordable education system for everyone. We need to decide on how we will redirect families' resources in order to enable them to use their education dollars most effectively. We can help families make their money count in a meaningful way for their children's education by ensuring that they have choices. At a modest cost, we can help families help themselves by rewarding savings. This will reduce the cost of education and will not necessarily burden future generations with thousands of dollars in loans.  I urge my colleagues to support this valuable legislation this year to reward those who save in order to provide a college education for their children.  