 President, I come to the floor today to engage my distinguished colleague, the Chairman of the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Domenici, in a colloquy on an issue which could have a tremendous impact on the economies of Paducah, Kentucky and Portsmouth, Ohio.  Mr. President, I am deeply concerned about the magnitude of the job cuts that may occur as a result of the imminent privatization of the United States Enrichment Corporation (USEC). It is my understanding that upwards of 1,700 jobs might be lost once the Corporation is privatized. Further, I am told that 600 jobs could be lost even if USEC is not privatized and continues to operate as a federal corporation. In an effort to mitigate the loss of jobs at the Paducah and Portsmouth facilities, I have drafted an amendment to ensure that dollars currently earmarked for the cleanup of USEC generated uranium tails, which is an extremely toxic material, remain dedicated to cleaning up the Paducah and Portsmouth plants.  Mr. President, today USEC has accrued approximately $400 million on its books for the purpose of cleaning up the uranium waste generated by the uranium enrichment process. It is my understanding, however, that this money only remains available until USEC is privatized. At that point, the funds will be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury. I believe it would be a huge mistake if we allowed these funds to be dumped into the General Fund, while we have a tremendous need for this cleanup, and funds specifically dedicated for this cleanup. Ensuring that these funds will be spent to dispose of USEC's uranium waste at both of the Gaseous Diffusion plants, will also help to mitigate job losseswhich occur as a result of privatization.  Although I will not offer my amendment today, I would like to discuss it with Senator Domenici.  Mr. Chairman, isn't it true that since its inception in 1993, the USEC has created over 9,300 canisters of depleted uranium hexaflouride, with over 6,000 located at Paducah? Also, hasn't USEC carried over $400 million on its balance sheet for the clean up of this waste stream?  