 President.  I thank my friend from North Carolina.  The Faircloth cap is an attempt to insert a bit of sanity into a world of attorney-fee madness. The national tobacco settlement has turned into the ``national lawyer enrichment deal.'' Let me tell you a little about the current ``national lawyer enrichment deal.''  Under the current bill, conservative estimates say that we are about to hand over approximately $4 billion a year to lawyers --$4 billion a year--every year--for at least the next 25 years. This, Mr. President, is absolutely outrageous.  I am sure the friends of the trial bar will stand up and say I am exaggerating. They will say we are stretching this one. Lawyers aren't really asking for that much money, it will be said. They aren't that greedy, some will claim. They just want to be paid a fair wage for a good day's work. Well, let's see if I am exaggerating. Let's see if the trial lawyers just want a fair wage for a good day's work. Let's take a little tour of the ``national lawyer enrichment deal.''  In Minnesota, where a few lawyers are reportedly seeking to rake in approximately $450 million, the lawyers in Minnesota actually took the case to trial, so it is reasonable to assume that they employed more attorneys and put in more hours than some lawyers in other States. So let's assume that 50 lawyers worked a total of 100,000 hours. These 50 lawyers would each take home $9 million for his or her labor--$9 million. And what is the hourly fee for the hard-working plaintiffs' lawyers in Minnesota? It is $4,500 an hour, Mr. President, $4,500 an hour for the plaintiffs' lawyers in Minnesota.  Well, let's take a look at Mississippi. We will stop off in Mississippi on our national tour. The latest reports out of Mississippi are that the lawyers are seeking $250 million. Assuming that 25 lawyers worked on these cases for 25,000 hours, the Congress would be authorizing each lawyer to receive $10 million a piece.  Let's break that down on an hourly basis. If each of these lawyers worked 1,000 hours exclusively on the tobacco litigation, that would enable them to earn $10,000 an hour. Pretty good day's pay, I would say--$10,000 an hour.  Now let's stop off in Florida, and this is better than Disney World. A handful of trial lawyers in Florida are trying to take us for a ride, the ride of our lives. These fellows are looking to receive as much as $2.8 billion. One lawyer has already sued for his $750 million share of the pot. And we don't even have to make assumptions in Florida because the judge has already done the math for us. The judge looked at the greedy grab by the lawyers and concluded that the demands for attorneys' fees--and this is quoting the judge--``Simply shock[ed] the conscience of the court.'' The judge concluded that even if the lawyers worked 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, including holidays, for over 3 years, they would earn over $7,000 an hour--$7,000 an hour. In fact, we know the actual hourly rate for the Florida attorneys is immensely higher because no one can seriously contend that any lawyer, much less every lawyer, worked 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, on tobacco litigation for 3\1/2\ years.  But it gets better. The final stop on our lawyer enrichment tour is Texas. There a handful of lawyers are going after $2.2 billion. Well, let's see what kind of hourly fee the lawyers want in Texas. Texas did not go to trial so it is reasonable to assume Texas put in far less time than Minnesota.  Again, assuming that 25 lawyers worked a total of 25,000 hours, then each of these lawyers could earn $88 million. And what kind of hourly fee is that for our Texas trial lawyers? That is $88,000 an hour--$88,000 an hour for the plaintiffs' lawyers in Texas. And if that is not outrageous enough, the $2.2 billion for attorneys in Texas have to be paid out of the Medicare money. So who do we pay, the sick and the elderly or the greedy and the lawyerly?  Let's compare the tobacco trial lawyers to the rest of the world. Let's see how $88,000 an hour compares to the average wage of others in our booming national economy.  First, we know that minimum wage mandates that workers be paid $5.15 an hour. We certainly know that the tobacco trial lawyers are making a heck of a lot more than the minimum wage earner. Senator Kennedy will have to pass an awful lot of minimum wage hikes this year to keep up with the plaintiffs' lawyers. In fact, we are going to authorize the trial lawyers to earn nearly 50 times the minimum wage under the Faircloth amendment.  Simply put, the tobacco trial lawyer is also making a heck of a lot more money than every other wage earner in our country--everybody. As Senator Faircloth has pointed out, the baker earns $7.65 an hour; the barber, $8.37 an hour; the auto mechanic, $12.35 an hour; the carpenter, $13.03 an hour; the police officer, $16.65 an hour; the pharmacist, $25.98 an hour; all the rest of the lawyers, $48.07 an hour; and the doctors, $96.15 an hour. That is what everybody else is making. The Faircloth cap would bring the trail lawyers' stake back to the edge of reason. The cap would allow lawyers to recover their costs as well as a reasonable hourly rate as high as $250 an hour.  I might say even the $250-an-hour rate sort of makes me cringe. I suspect if the Senator from North Carolina had his way about it, it would be lower than that. But that is what the amendment states.  I know that amount is not exactly $88,000 an hour. I would not argue that $250 an hour is as good as $88,000 an hour. But it is not exactly chicken feed, and it is way the heck more than anybody else in America is making on an hourly basis. I would say there are a lot of us in the Senate who would like to have that kind of take-home pay. I know there are a lot of folks in America who would be more than happy for $250 an hour.  This cap is extremely generous and eminently reasonable. In fact, the Federal Government has established numerous attorney fee caps over the years that prove the point. Under the Equal Access to Justice Act, the fee cap is $125 an hour; under the Criminal Justice Act, $75 an hour; under the Internal Revenue Code, $110 an hour.  We ought to pass the Faircloth cap. It is fair and it is constitutional. A sweeping Federal regulatory bill cannot leave out the matter of lawyers' fees, especially when omitting the issue would allow for such abuse.  Let me spell this out.  The tobacco bill is an all-encompassing Federal regulatory scheme. The scheme will expand the Federal jurisdiction over tobacco products, regulate the manufacture, advertising, and sale of tobacco products, fundamentally affect and alter past, present, and future litigation over tobacco products, and facilitate the implementation of the settlement reached between 40-some-odd States and the cigarette manufacturers.  It would defy all logic and reason to pass this type of sweeping Federal regulation without including some type of minimal regulation for the payment of attorneys' fees for civil actions affected by the bill. Basic fairness requires that we not neglect this critical issue.  Throughout the debate over the tobacco settlement, we have constantly heard assertions that the tobacco companies have gone after women, children, and the elderly. If we don't pass this sensible fee cap, then we will not only be creating an exclusive club of trial lawyer billionaires--that is with a ``b,'' Mr. President, billionaires--but we will be unleashing a legion of lawyers to prey upon these very same persons in future tobacco cases affected by this bill. Surely, nobody in the Senate would want such a result.  No one is trying to deny any lawyer a fair wage. Surely, $250 an hour, which is in the Faircloth amendment, is more than a fair wage by the standard of anybody else living in our country.  A vote for the Faircloth amendment is a vote for reason and sanity. Let's stop the National Lawyer Enrichment Tour before it starts.  Mr. President, just a couple of other observations that I would like to make before relinquishing the floor.  Neither the Contracts Clause nor the Due Process clause prohibit regulation of attorney fees as part of a broad, comprehensive regulatory bill.  The Court has pointed out that a ``party complaining of unconstitutionality . . . must overcome a presumption of constitutionality and `establish that the legislature acted in an arbitrary and irrational way.'''  It is neither arbitrary nor irrational to regulate attorney fees as part of acomprehensive federal effort to expand federal jurisdiction over tobacco products, regulate the manufacture, advertising and sale of tobacco products, fundamentally affect and alter past, present, and future litigation over tobacco products, and facilitate the implementation of the settlement reached between forty-some-odd states and cigarette manufacturers. In fact, it would defy all logic and reason to pass this type of sweeping federal regulation without including some type of minimal regulation for the payment of attorney fees for civil actions affected by this bill.  Even CRS--when looking at a stand-alone fee cap last October--determined that ``it seems very likely that the proposal in question would not violate due process.''  Federal courts have routinely upheld laws that abrogate past contracts, so long as those laws have a rational basis. It is certainly a rational basis to regulate fees as part of a broad regulatory package. Moreover, it is rational to ensure that an equitable amount of finite resources will be available to protect the national public health and welfare and to compensate those who suffer from tobacco-related diseases.  In fact, the Supreme Court has declared that ``Congress may set minimum wages, control prices, or create causes of action that did not previously exist.''  In one classic Supreme Court case, the Court held that Congress could retroactively cancel a ``free rail pass for life'' given as part of a settlement of litigation. Moreover, to accept the trial lawyers' takings argument, one would also have to consider it a constitutional violation for Congress to require States to abrogate contracts with state employees in order to increase the minimum wage.  Professor Brickman has explained that ``[i]f individual parties could insulate themselves from congressional legislation by entering into private contracts before such legislation were enacted, then:     the result would be that individuals and corporations could,      by contracts between themselves, in anticipation of      legislation, render of no avail the exercise by Congress, to      the full extent authorized by the Constitution, of its power      to regulate commerce. No power of Congress can be thus      restricted. The mischiefs that would result from a different      interpretation of the Constitution will be readily perceived.  Finally, the ``constitutionality of the amendment under a Taking Clause analysis is further buttressed by the fact that attorneys affected by the regulation are receiving substantial financial benefits from [the Tobacco Bill].'' (Brickman Letter at 2.) These substantial benefits for attorneys, financial and otherwise, include the fact that the federal government is: (1) ratifying the national tobacco settlement, (2) establishing a national trust fund to provide States with Medicaid reimbursements and attorneys with a basis for recovery, (3) removing limits on tort liability in future cases, (4) making it easier for plaintiffs to recover by changing the burden of proof and establishing a presumption that certain diseases are caused by use of tobacco products, and (5) creating a national public database with incriminating documents to use against tobacco companies in present and future litigation.  No court would view these substantial benefits for plaintiffs' attorneys and conclude that they have suffered an unconstitutional taking. Even the CRS document referenced by the opponents of this amendment clearly spells out that ``indeed, the Supreme Court has never found a taking based on federal legislative alteration of existing private contracts.''  Mr. President, I commend the distinguished Senator from North Carolina for an outstanding and important amendment. There should be no tobacco bill at all--at all--unless this unjust enrichment of this select group of lawyers is curbed. The Faircloth amendment would do that. I commend the distinguished Senator from North Carolina for his good work, and I am happy to be a cosponsor of his amendment, and I yield the floor.  