 President, I am sorry the Democratic leader has left the floor. I did want to make a couple of observations.  First, with regard to the Buckley case, it was 9 to 0 on the issue of spending is speech. Quoting that great conservative Thurgood Marshall:       One of the points on which all Members on the Court agree      is that money is essential for effective communication in a      political campaign.  This was an extraordinarily important Supreme Court decision. It wasn't 5 to 4 on any of the critical issues, and, as a matter of fact, Mr. President, the Court has had an opportunity over the last 22 years to revisit the Buckley case in various subcomponent parts and has consistently expanded the areas of permissible political speech.  I heard the Democratic leader saying all of this spending is getting out of control. Bear in mind that what he is saying is that all of this speaking is getting out of control. What he is suggesting, and our dear colleagues on the other side are suggesting, is we need to get somebody in charge of all this speech and, of course, it is the Government that they want to be in charge of all this speech. The courts are not going to allow that. They didn't allow it in the mid-seventies, they haven't allowed it any time they have revisited that issue since, they are not going to allow it now, and they are not going to allow it ever, because it is not the Government's business to tell citizens how much they get to speak in the American political process.  The suggestion was made that all this spending is out of control. I always say, how much is too much? I asked my colleague from Wisconsin during the debate last October, how much is too much? I could never get an answer. Maybe today we can get that answer. How much is too much?  In the 1996 campaign, the discussion was intense. Spending did go up, the stakes were big--big indeed. It was the future of the country--a Presidential election, control of Congress. But we only spent about what the public spent on bubble gum.  Looking at it another way, Mr. President, of all the commercials that were run in 1996, 1 percent of them were about politics. Speaking too much? By any objective standard, of course not. Of course not.  It is naive in the extreme to assume everybody in this country has an equal opportunity to speak. Dan Rather gets to speak more than I do and more than the Senator from New Hampshire does, as do Tom Brokaw and Larry King and the editorial page of the Washington Post. Maybe we ought to equalize their speech. I am saying this, of course, tongue in cheek. But you can make the argument, it is the same first amendment, the same right applies to all of us.  I wonder how they would feel if we said, ``OK, you are free to say what you want on the editorial page, but, henceforth, your circulation is limited to 5,000. We haven't told you what to say, but we think you are saying it to too many people, and so the Government has concluded that this is pollution.''  I heard the Democratic leader talking about all this polluting speech--I am not sure that is the exact word he used --all this negativity, all this hostility. Most of the negativity and hostility I see is on the editorial page of the American newspapers. Maybe we ought to suggest they can't do that in the last 60 days of the election.  There isn't a court in America that is going to uphold this bill. But the good news is they are not going to get it and have the chance to uphold it.  The Democratic leader said we wanted to quietly kill it. We are not quietly killing it, we are proudly killing it. We are not apologizing for killing this unconstitutional bill. We are grateful for the opportunity to defend the first amendment. No apologies will be made, not now, not tomorrow, not ever. The Government should not be put in charge of how much American citizens as individuals or as members of groups or as political candidates or as political parties may speak to the people of this country.  I heard the Democratic leader complain that candidates can't control the campaigns. Well, it is not theirs to control. Of course we don't like issue advocacy. Of course we don't like independent expenditures. But the Supreme Court has given no indication that the political candidates are entitled to control all of the discourse in the course of a campaign. I wish I could control the two major newspapers in my State that are always against what I am doing. It irritates me in the extreme, Mr. President. But I am not trying to introduce a bill around here to shut them up the last 60 days of an election.  The good news is there has been a whole line of court cases on this question of trying to control what is called ``issue advocacy''; that is, groups talking about issues at any time they want to, up to and including proximity to an election.  The FEC has been on a mission for the last few years to try to shut these folks up. They have lost virtually every single case in court. As a matter of fact, in the fourth circuit in a case about a year and a half ago, not only did the FEC lose again, but the court required that they pay the lawyer's fees for the group they were harassing. It was pretty clear, Mr. President, there is no authority to do this.  That is really where we are in this debate. The American people are not expecting us to take away their right to speak in the political process, and the Supreme Court has made it very, very clear. Let me say it again. They have said, unless you have the ability to amplify your voice, your speech isnot worth very much. You could go door-to-door for the rest of your life in California and have no impact on the process. So the Court wisely recognized that citizens under the first amendment had to have their right either as individuals or to band together as a part of a group to amplify their voice.  Spending has been critical in the political process going back to the founding of the country. Somebody paid for those pamphlets that were distributed around the time of the American Revolution. Somebody paid for those.  It is suggested under the most recent incarnation of McCain-Feingold, ``Oh, we are not going to shut them up, we are just going to make them report their donors.'' Put another way, the price for discussing political issues at the end of a campaign is to disclose your donor list. The courts have already dealt with that issue in 1958 in an NAACP case in Alabama, that a group cannot be compelled to disclose its donor list as a condition for criticizing all of us.  This kind of effort to quash speech, to shut up the critics of candidates is not only going nowhere in the Senate, it is going nowhere in the courts. There has been an effort around the country, financed by some very wealthy people. George Soros, when he is not financing a referenda to legalize marijuana, is also financing this effort. And Jerome Goldberg, one of the wealthy financiers on Wall Street, has been providing money to go out and try and get these kinds of referenda on the ballot and approved around the country.  The good news is they are all getting struck down. Even if they are passed, they are getting struck down. It happened in California a couple weeks ago. It happened in Wisconsin. The courts understand the law, and the law is clear, and no effort to circumvent the first amendment, either in Washington in the Congress or community by community or State by State around the country is going to succeed, because the law is clear.  We are not apologetic in defeating this bill. It richly deserves to be defeated. For the moment--I see that there are some colleagues here who wish to speak--let me just recount some of the points from the Buckley case as a way of beginning today's discussion.  As I said earlier, the great conservative Thurgood Marshall said:       One of the points on which all Members of the Court agree      is that money is essential for effective communication in a      political campaign.  That is not Mitch McConnell or Bob Smith, that is Thurgood Marshall. Further excerpts from the Buckley case that we ought to be aware of, the Court said:       The first amendment denies Government the power to      determine that spending to promote one's political views is      wasteful, excessive or unwise.  The Government doesn't have the power to do that to individual citizens and groups.  The Court went on:       In the free society ordained by our Constitution, it is not      the Government but the people--individually as citizens and      candidates and collectively as associations and political      committees--who must retain control over the quantity--  How much we speak--     and range--  What we say--     of debate on public issues in a political campaign.  In other words, this is beyond the province of Government to regulate in our democracy.  The Court went on:       A restriction on the amount of money a person or group can      spend on political communication during a campaign      necessarily reduces the quantity of expression by restricting      the number of issues discussed, the depth of their      exploration, and the size of the audience reached. This is      because virtually every means of communicating ideas in      today's mass society requires the expenditure of money.  It is a statement of the obvious. It is a statement of the obvious. If it did not require money to communicate, why would Common Cause be doing direct mail finance solicitations all the time? They have to have money to operate. And I do not decry them that opportunity.  The Court observed that even ``distribution of the humblest handbill'' costs money. Further, the Court stated that the electorate's increasing dependence on television and radio for news and information makes ``these expensive modes of communication indispensable''--Mr. President, this is the Supreme Court--``indispensable instruments of [free speech].''  In other words, it is a statement of the obvious. In a country of 270 million people, unless you have the ability to amplify your speech, to amplify your voice so you might have a chance of competing with Dan Rather, Tom Brokaw, and the editorial pages of your newspapers, at least during the last 30 days of your election, you do not have a chance. So we shut down all of these people, Mr. President. It is a power transfer to the broadcast industry and to the print industry in this country, which some of us think have a good deal of power as it stands now.  With regard to the appearance of corruption issue, it is frequently said that all of this money is corrupting the process. The Court held there is ``nothing invidious, improper or unhealthy'' in campaign spending money to communicate-- nothing.  With regard to the growth in campaign spending, I heard the Democratic leader projecting some astronomical figure that candidates were going to have to spend in the future. Let me say, there is nobody in the Senate spending all their time raising money. That is said all the time. That is not true. Eighty percent of the money raised in Senate races is raised in the last 2 years, it is raised in the last 2 years by candidates who think they may have a contest.  What is wrong with that? We do not own these seats. If we are in trouble, we are probably going to want to express ourselves in the campaign. And if you are going to express yourself in the campaign, you are not going to write the check for it out of your own bank account. You better get busy to get the resources to communicate your message or you are history.  The Court said, with regard to the growth in campaign spending, ``. . .the mere growth in the cost of federal election campaigns in and of itself provides no basis''--no basis--``for governmental restrictions on the quantity of campaign spending. . .''--no basis.  It is often said that we need to level the playing field. How many times have we heard that? The Court addressed that issue in Buckley as well. The Court said, with regard to leveling the playing field, ``. . .the concept that government may restrict the speech of some elements of our society in order to enhance the relative voice of others is wholly foreign to the First Amendment.'' ``Wholly foreign to the First Amendment''-- brilliant and thoughtful words from the Supreme Court in Buckley v. Valeo.  And the Court has never retreated from the major principles in this case, Mr. President. In fact, they are moving in the opposite direction, in the direction of more and more permissible political speech.  In fact, one of the few things in the Buckley case that the reformers liked has created one of the biggest problems in the last 20 years. The reformers liked the fact that the Court did uphold a limit on how much one could contribute to another, the contribution limit. Well, the Congress has never indexed the contribution limit. Even President Clinton said last month that the hard money contribution should be indexed to inflation. And he was absolutely right. That $1,000 set back in the mid-1970s, at a time when a Mustang cost $2,700, is now worth $320. In a medium- or small-sized State, it does not produce a huge distortion, but it is an absolute disgrace for a candidate seeking to run for office in a big State where you have a huge audience, like California or New York or Texas, to be stuck with a $320 per person contribution limit.  So ironically, Mr. President, the only part of the Buckley case that the reformers applauded has produced the biggest distortion in the process and the biggest problem for candidates running in large States.  So, Mr. President, let me just conclude this part of my remarks, as I see others here. We make no apologies for beating this terrible piece of legislation. It does not deserve to pass. It will not pass. The first amendment will be protected.  I yield the floor.  