       The Rasmussen Research survey found that 68% of Americans      believe newspaper editorials are more important than a $1,000      contribution. Only 17% think such contributions have a bigger      impact.       Americans may also support restrictions on reporters      because more than seven-out-of-ten believe personal      preferences of reporters influence their coverage of      politics. In fact, Americans overwhelmingly believe (by a 61%      to 19% margin) that a candidate preferred by reporters will      beat a candidate who raises more money.  Let me repeat that, Mr. President. This comprehensive poll of American citizens on the influence of newspapers, in late 1997, found that Americans, by a margin of 61 percent to 19 percent, believe that a candidate preferred by reporters will beat a candidate who raises more money.  Mr. President, I am making these points somewhat tongue in cheek because, obviously, I am not advocating restrictions on newspapers. But what I find particularly outrageous is newspapers advocating restrictions on everyone else. Who are they to think that they are the only ones who are to have influence in the American political process?  Richard Harwood of the Washington Post, on October 15, 1997, made some interesting points along those lines. Mr. Harwood said:       It is fortunate for the press in the United States that the      voice of the people is not the voice of God or the Supreme      Court.       That is because Americans, in the mass, believe in ``free      speech'' and a ``free press'' only in theory. In practice      they reject those concepts.       That was the troubling conclusion drawn, ironically, from a      major study of public opinion commissioned in 1990 by      the American Society of Newspaper Editors as part of the      observance of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights.      . . .  .So this was a survey taken, I guess, by the Louis Harris organization for the Center for Media and Public Affairs. And Mr. Harwood points out the findings are, as he puts it, ``depressing.''  The first point in this survey of the American people, Harwood, in talking about the American people, said:       If they had their way, ``the people''--meaning a majority      of adults--would not allow journalists to practice their      trade without first obtaining, as lawyers and doctors must, a      license.  The second finding of this survey:       [The people] would confer on judges the power to impose      fines on publishers and broadcasters for ``inaccurate and      biased reporting''. . . .  Third:       They would empower government entities to monitor the work      of journalists for fairness and compel us to ``give equal      coverage to all sides of a controversial issue.'' They also      favor the creation of local and national news councils to      investigate complaints against the press and issue      ``corrections'' of erroneous news reports.  Harwood further points out, at the end of his article:       So press freedoms remain, as in the past, dependent not on      the goodwill of the masses but on the goodwill and      philosophical disposition of the nine men and women of the      Supreme Court of the United States.  Mr. President, I make those points to illustrate that the principal beneficiaries of the amendment before us are the huge corporations of America that control the press. They almost uniformly support legislation that would quiet the voices, at least in 60 days' proximity to an election, of all other American citizens, thereby enhancing the ability of newspapers to control the outcome of American elections.  The good news, Mr. President, is we are not going to pass this legislation. The further good news is the courts would not uphold this legislation if we did pass it. I just mentioned three cases that have been handed down in the last 6 months indicating that Government restrictions on issue advocacy, tried by State governments, is clearly unconstitutional.  But what is truly disturbing in this free country, Mr. President, is that these big corporations that own these newspapers are so aggressively advocating efforts to quiet the voices of other American citizens.  It is truly alarming that in 1998 these big corporations, which already have enormous influence in our country, want to have even more. In fact, they want to have a monopoly on influence in proximity to an election. And as we all know, they are perfectly free to do editorials, both on the front page and on the editorial page--and do--up to and including the day before the election. And I defend their right to do it.  But what is disturbing is they do not want to let anybody else have their say. So this legislation, Mr. President, dramatically benefits the fourth estate at the expense of other citizens in our country.  Now, finally, before going to Senator Byrd, I have heard it said that we need to pass this kind of legislation. I have heard for over a decade we need to pass this kind of legislation in order to restore the faith of the American people in the Congress. In October of 1994, in the waning days of the end of Democrat control of this Congress, only 27 percent of the American people approved of the Congress. As of this past week, the congressional approval rating was 55 percent. Now, the 55 percent approval rating Congress has today comes after two Federal elections, 1994 and 1996, with record spending, three intervening filibusters of McCain-Feingold and its ancestor, Boren-Mitchell, and even the Clinton-Gore fundraising scandal.  Clearly, Mr. President, there is no political imperative to pass campaign finance bills that are unconstitutional. To suggest that the Congress is still unpopular--which it isn't--or that when it was unpopular it was somehow related to this issue simply cannot be supported by the facts.  Bill Schneider, a reputable pollster who works for CNN, back in February of this year had an interesting article in the National Journal. This was when the approval rating of Congress began to turn around. He pointed out in February 14 of this year:       For the first time in at least 25 years, a majority of      Americans approve of the way Congress is doing its job.      Congress--perhaps the most ridiculed institution in America      --has rarely gotten above a 40 per cent job-approval rating      since 1974. Now, it's at 56 per cent.  That was then; it is 55 percent now.  ``What's going on here?'' said Bill Schneider.       A balanced budget, a booming economy and--not the least      important--a smaller government. ``We have the smallest      government     in 35 years, but a more progressive one,'' the President      said. Right now, trust in government is at its highest level      since the Reagan era, when it was ``morning in America.''  Now, we clearly do not need to pass this unconstitutional legislation in order to deal with cynicism about the Congress, which enjoys a 55 percent approval rating.  I might say that at the end of the Congress in 1994, I was personally involved in an all-night filibuster on September 30, 1994. I will never forget it. It is the only real filibuster we have had here in 10 years. It was an all-nighter. The cots were out. People were blurry eyed. But it was a remarkably uplifting event for those of us who were involved in it. We defeated Boren-Mitchell a mere 5 weeks before the greatest Republican congressional victory of this century.  Suffice it to say, there is no connection between this issue and electoral success. The responses you get on polls on this issue depend on how you ask the question. This is an arcane, complicated subject, and it is the obligation and the responsibility of Members of the Senate to protect the Constitution, to protect political discourse in this country, and to do the right thing one more time.  Mr. President, I am confident that, at the appropriate time, this amendment will be defeated.  