 This bill is, more than anything else, I say to my friend from Texas, about lawyers, about raising taxes on working-class Americans and about unjustly enriching a bunch of soon-to-be billionaire lawyers.  I think we ought to call them the ``sultans of smoke,'' because they are going to be as rich as sultans if we do not pass the amendment offered by Senator Faircloth, and spoken so eloquently on behalf of by the Senator from Alabama, Senator Sessions, and Senator Gramm.  Mr. President, we have had a lot of debate over the past few weeks about what provisions of this bill are most outrageous. And there is a lot about this bill that is outrageous. I ask my colleagues--which provision is the most outrageous? Some say it is the terribly regressive tax on low- to middle-income Americans that is the most outrageous. And that certainly is outrageous. Others say it is the unconstitutional backdoor tax known as the look-back penalties. Still others say it is the unconstitutional advertising restrictions.  Here we spend 3 weeks on the floor of the Senate raising taxes on working-class Americans and taking away the constitutional rights of legal companies.  I thought long and hard about which provisions of the bill truly deserve the trophy for the biggest outrage, in a bill replete with outrages. The hands down, slam-dunk, home run winner has to be the lawyers' fees--the lawyers' fees. The national tobacco settlement has now turned into the national trial lawyer enrichment deal. Other speakershave referred to Robert Samuelson's article in the Washington Post of June 3. Senator Gramm referred to it extensively, and I think this article sums up much of what is wrong with the lawyer fees authorized by this bill.  More than anything else, what has become the hallmark of this bill--full of outrages--is the enrichment of the plaintiffs' lawyers of America. We are going to give a self-interested bunch of plaintiffs' lawyers $4 billion a year for the next 25 years--$4 billion a year for the next quarter century! This is an outrage. No bill ought to leave the Senate--not now, not tomorrow, not ever--that does not address this issue.  Senator Gramm called it piracy. Maybe that is even too kind of a word.  Four billion dollars a year. The only person in the world I can think of that has that kind of annual take, Mr. President, may be the Sultan of Brunei, the wealthiest monarch in the world.  So what we are doing here is using the power of the State and the Federal Government to transfer private wealth and public dollars to create a bunch of little trial lawyer sultans, the ``Sultans of Smoke.'' We are going to create the sultan of Mississippi, the sultan of Texas, the sultan of Florida, just to name a few.  Let's take a little trip around our currently upside-down world and preview our future ``Sultans of Smoke.'' First, let's go to Minnesota where a few lawyers are reportedly seeking to rake in approximately $450 million. The lawyers in Minnesota actually took the case to trial, so it is reasonable to assume they employed more attorneys and put in more hours than lawyers in other States.  So let's assume that 50 lawyers worked a total of 100,000 hours. These 50 lawyers would each take home $9 million for his or her labors--$9 million. What is the hourly fee for the future sultans of Minnesota? That works out to about $4,500 an hour--not bad when you consider the minimum wage in America is $5.15. So the plaintiff's lawyers in Minnesota will make $4,500 an hour.  Now, let's stop off in Mississippi. The latest reports out of Mississippi are that the lawyers are seeking $250 million. The reports indicate that the $250 million will go to a handful of future ``Sultans of Smoke.'' Assuming that 25 lawyers worked on these cases for 25,000 hours, the Congress would be authorizing each lawyer to receive $10 million apiece as a result of congressional action.  So let's break that down on an hourly basis. If each of these lawyers worked 1,000 hours exclusively on the tobacco litigation, that would enable the future ``Sultans of Smoke'' in Mississippi to earn $10,000 an hour. Now, that is a good day's wage, especially when you consider that the average lawyer in America only makes $48 an hour.  Now, let's stop off in Florida where a little band of trial lawyers are trying to take us for the ride of our lives. These soon-to-be ``Sultans of Smoke'' are looking to receive as much as $2.8 billion. One of the more eager Florida sultans has already sued for his $750 million share of the pot.  We don't even have to make assumptions in Florida because a judge has already done the math for us. The judge looked at the greedy grab by the lawyers and concluded that the demands for attorney fees, as the judge put it, ``Simply shock[ed] the conscience of the court.'' The judge concluded that, even if the lawyers worked 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, including holidays, for over 3 years, they would earn over $7,000 an hour.  In fact, we know the actual hourly wage of the Florida lawyers is immensely higher because no one can seriously contend that any lawyer, much less every lawyer, worked 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, on tobacco litigation for 3\1/2\ years.  But it gets better, Mr. President. The final stop on our sultan preview tour is Texas. Senator Gramm referred to Texas. A handful of lawyers in Texas are going after $2.2 billion. Let's see what kind of hourly fee the lawyers want in Texas. In the Texas case they did not go to trial, so it is reasonable to assume that Texas put in far less time than Minnesota.  Again, assuming that 25 lawyers worked a total of 25,000 hours, then each of these lawyers would earn $88 million--$88 million. What kind of hourly fee is that for the ``Sultans of Smoke'' in Texas? It is $88,000 an hour, Mr. President, $88,000 an hour. Not bad when you consider that even the average doctor in America only earns $96 an hour.  If the Texas grab is not outrageous enough, this excessive, grotesque sum for attorneys in Texas will have to be paid out of Medicare money. The New York Times recently reported that the Texas attorney general said publicly that part of the attorney fees will be paid by the Federal Government. And guess where it comes from? That is right, the Medicare money we are sending to the States in this bill.  So I ask you: Who do we pay--the sick and the elderly, or the greedy and the lawyerly?  Now the friends of the trial bar are arguing that the future ``Sultans of Smoke'' are expecting this money. We have heard that they are expecting this money and, therefore, it wouldn't be fair not to give it to them.  I don't mean to sound cold and hard-hearted, but I have absolutely no sympathy for any lawyer who thinks he deserves $88,000 an hour. Moreover, there is no reasonable expectation that any Congress, in any State, or any nation, would allow this band of trial lawyers to pull off such a scam. I repeat, these lawyers have no reasonable expectation that public officials, elected to represent the best interest of the people, are going to stand by and codify a right to receive an excessive, gargantuan, and grotesque payment of attorney fees. Worst yet, these outrageous payments will continue for at least the next quarter century.  Every lawyer in this deal, and, in fact, every lawyer in this country, knows that the rules of professional conduct preclude them from charging fees that are unreasonable and clearly excessive. In fact, no attorney will dispute the fact that a judge could step in today and strike down any and all of these excessive fee grabs. It is absolutely ludicrous to argue that the very Federal Government that is approving, codifying, and regulating these deals is somehow unable to touch these outrageous fees.  In fact, let me tell you a little bit about the nature of contingency fees, as explained by George Will in a column earlier this year. George Will wrote:       Among the things that make Congress, among others,      irritable about the settlement are the stupendous jackpots,      totaling perhaps $45 billion to $55 billion, that may come to      lawyers hired by State governments on contingency-fee      contracts.       A Florida judge, who rejected the State's contingency fee      agreement as ``unconscionable and clearly excessive,''      calculated that the lawyers would be paid an hourly rate of      $7,716--assuming each lawyer billed was working 24 hours a      day, every day, during the 42-month case. Some lawyers around      the country probably stand to be paid hundreds of thousands      of dollars per hour of actual work.  Further quoting George Will in his column:       Contingency-fee arrangements, under which a lawyer is paid      nothing if his side loses and a fixed percentage of the      settlement if his side wins, have traditionally been deemed      unethical. This is because they give a lawyer a financial      stake in the outcome of a lawsuit, which . . .``creates an      inherent conflict of interest with the lawyer's role as an      officer of the court.'' Contingency fees still are unlawful      in Britain and most of the rest of the world.  Let me repeat that, Mr. President. ``Contingency fees are still unlawful in Britain and most of the rest of the world.''       The United States long ago made a narrow ``necessary evil''      exception to the general proscription of contingency fees in      order to help give poor people access to the courts. And the      American Bar Association's Code of Professional      Responsibility stated that ``a lawyer generally should      decline to accept employment on a contingent-fee basis by one      who is able to pay a reasonable fixed fee.'' State government      can pay such a fee.  In other words, State governments could pay a reasonable fixed fee.  