 SESSIONS. Precisely so. The Senator from Kentucky is precisely correct. He has gone straight to the heart of this matter and I think makes a good point.  You know, many of us go around, and we blame Federal judges for much of the litigation and problems and some of these ideas that many people say are liberal ideas. But in this case, I think it is the Congress that has been passing legislation that goes beyond its bounds and is being brought to task by the courts.  So, fundamentally, I just further state that Environment and Public Works Committee made no findings, we made no factual analysis of the interstate highway program in order to determine there is some sort of systematic discrimination ongoing that ought to be corrected. In fact, I think a good argument can be made that the objectivity and fairness of the bid process is virtually above reproach. So there is just no basis for this. That is why it has no chance, in my opinion, of ever passing Supreme Court muster. And this Congress ought not be passing a bill that is bad public policy and is unconstitutional.  Mr. President, I want to read a quote from Mrs. Valery Pech who testified on this subject. She is the wife of Mr. Randy Pech who owns Adarand Constructors. She is an owner herself, I believe. She said:       We started our family-owned company in 1976 specializing in      the installation of highway guardrail systems. In August of      1989, we lost yet another Federal highway contract on which      we had submitted the lowest bid. Adarand lost this job and      numerous others, past and future, not because of poor      reputation, not because our price was too high, not because      we limited our bid date, not for any other reason but one.      Randy, as owner and operator of Adarand is a white male. We      didn't like it. We fought the decision. We contracted a legal      foundation to seek help. Six years later, in 1995, the      Supreme Court ruled for us and against race-based      decisionmaking in the Adarand Constructors case.       Adarand is the only nonminority guardrail business in the      State of Colorado. All our competitors are classified as      disadvantaged business enterprises. Their status is DBE, and      contracts are awarded based solely on the owner's race or      gender regardless of whether or not they have suffered past      discrimination.  She lists those competitors that they compete against. She notes all of thesecontractors have been in business--her competitors are minority owned for over 10 years and have solid reputations for getting work done. These four competitors get 95 percent of their work by being low bidder in other than Government contracts; yet when they bid against Adarand for Government contracts, they get a preference and are able to get the bid, although they bid higher.  Do you see the unfairness of it? These are strong competitive companies. One simply happens to be headed by a Hispanic and one is not. The one who is not gets hurt, and the other one has an advantage. That is why the polls of all racial groups feel that these are not fair and just preferences.  Mr. President, I will not belabor the subject. Again, I want to congratulate the Senator from Kentucky for his leadership in coming forward with a remarkable proposal that gives opportunity, gives it affirmatively, reaches out to help disadvantaged, gives them a chance to be successful in getting Government contract work, but at the same time does not violate the Constitution.  In conclusion, I have no doubt that this section is unconstitutional. It is neither supported by a compelling Government interest nor is it narrowly tailored. Therefore, I urge the Senate to consider Senator McConnell's amendment. I cannot in good conscience vote for legislation that I consider to be unconstitutional.  