 President, I note for my colleagues that the chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Committee and the chairman of the Republican Senatorial Committee are on the floor at this moment, and we have a message for candidates in both our parties and for the American people.  Having served as chairman of the Senate Ethics Committee during the Packwood investigation, and having offered the first resolution of expulsion in the history of the Senate in a case involving sexual misconduct, I am well aware of the bright line that exists between private failings and public wrongs. And, of course, that line is blurred, as it was in that case, and is again in the allegations made against President Clinton when one's public office is used to pursue private misconduct and shield it from legal inquiry.  But if we start turning every instance of past personal misconduct into cannon fodder for our political campaigns, we risk turning our democracy into a nuclear waste dump of slander, gossip, innuendo, and cheap moralizing about other people's problems.  Even without this threat, the multifaceted scandal that currently engulfs the White House represents a crisis of national and constitutional proportions. Our only hope of guiding this country through the next several months without a major catastrophe in our Government, or in our financial markets, or in the world, absolutely depends on our ability to resist the subtly escalating arms race of dirt digging, garbage searching, mudslinging, and poison leaking that is currently swirling around the Nation's Capital.  Where that awful trend must be resisted first is in our political campaigns. For better or for worse, campaigns are the most direct expression of our Government that people see.  This election, let's make it for the better, not for the worse. Everyone in this body certainly knows that I believe in robust, pointed, hard-hitting campaigns. And I believe those kinds of campaigns are good for our democracy and good for the voters, but only when political campaigns are focused on issues and not on purely private behavior.  So to set the standard, I want to make it clear that the national Republican Senatorial Committee will not fund--will not fund--any candidate who engages in personal attacks on the private problems and past failings of his or her opponent. Digging through their record is one thing, digging through their garbage is quite another. Criticizing someone for their vote on the marriage tax is fair game. Attacking someone for a failed marriage certainly is not.  Let us prove over the next 6 weeks at least that this Congress is capable of fairly and responsibly executing the solemn constitutional duty that may await us in the months ahead.  Mr. President, I yield the floor. I note the presence of my friend and colleague from Nebraska.  