  It has been suggested by some around here that party soft money could simply be abolished, and that is what this underlying bill seeks to do. I doubt that, Mr. President.  A law professor at Capital University in Columbus, OH, who is an expert in this field, in a recent article in a Notre Dame Law School Journal of Legislation was pointing out with regard to the prospects of eliminating non-Federal money for the parties by Federal legislative action and said, in referring to the Colorado case in 1996:       The precedent makes clear that political parties have the      rights to engage in issue advocacy--  Which is funded by the so-called ``soft money''--     as other entities. In Colorado Republican Party v. FEC, the      Republican Party ran a series of advertisements critical of      the Democratic nominee for a U.S. Senate seat from Colorado.      At the time the ads ran, the Republican nominee had not been      determined, and the three candidates were actively seeking      that nomination.  That was the fact situation in that case.       The Court rejected the FEC's position that a political      party could not make expenditures independently of a      candidate's campaign.  Independent expenditures are hard money; issue advocacy is soft money. So let's get them divided.       The Court held that the facts quite clearly showed that the      defendant Republican Party expenditures in the race were      independent of any candidate's campaign and so could not be      limited as contributions to the candidate's campaign      directly. If a political party can conduct express advocacy--     that is independent and hard money--if a political party can      conduct express advocacy campaigns independently of its      candidates, surely it can conduct an issue ad campaign      independently of its candidates. The Colorado Republican      Federal Campaign Committee held that political parties'      rights under the first amendment are equal to--equal to--     those of other groups and entities: ``The independent      expression of a political party's views is `core' First      Amendment activity no less than is the independent      expression of individuals, candidates or other political      committees.'' In reaching this conclusion, the Court was      not breaking new ground, but again merely following      established law granting parties the right to speak on      political issues.  I cite that, Mr. President, just to make a point in discussion with my friend from Utah that there is virtually no chance the courts would say that the Congress, by legislation, can prevent the parties from engaging in issue advocacy. We already know they can engage in independent expenditures which are financed by so-called ``hard money,'' Federal money. Everybody else in America can engage in issue advocacy. The Senator from Utah can do it by himself. He can do it as part of a group. There is no change. The courts are going to say parties can engage in issue advocacy.  I commend my friend from Utah for his statement. He is absolutely correct, there is no chance that this bill, were it to be passed, which it will not be passed, but if it were to be passed, would be held constitutional. In fact, the courts are going in the opposite direction, in the direction of more and more political speech, more and more discourse, more and more discussion.  We do not have a problem in this country because we have too little political discussion. That is not a problem. Even though, as the Senator from Utah wisely pointed out, we frequently do not like the content, the tone of the campaign, it is not ours to control. Nobody said we had ownership rights over the campaign. Lots of people are entitled to have their say.  I thank my friend from Utah for his fine statement. I yield the floor.  