  In addition, Senator Bennett and Senator Faircloth were also involved in these discussions, and, of course, the usual and valuable contribution of the ranking member of the subcommittee, Senator Leahy.  I believe we have produced a tough but fair bill. This bill would change the way IMF does business.  Let me offer some brief highlights of the reforms which we have agreed upon. This bill appropriates funds for the IMF's emergency facility, the new arrangements to borrow without any restrictions, just as the Senate did, I might add, in the last year, in fiscal year 1998. However, for the new subscription to the IMF, the U.S. funding of the $14.5 billion quota cannot be released--I repeat, cannot be released--unless the Secretary certifies that the group of seven nations have publicly committed and are working toward changing the IMF's lending policies.  The conditions which we expect to see included in future loans tackled the systemic problems which caused the Asian crisis. The bill sets out the two conditions for future IMF agreements.  First, borrowers will have to comply with their international trade obligations and liberalize trade restrictions. Monopolies, protected tariffs for family or friendly enterprises, and off-budget accounts each have contributed to financial weaknesses and collapse in Asia. This legislation will ensure that the IMF meets those problems head on before sinking funds into a troubled economy.  Just as important, the bill attacks phony capitalism. Economies in trouble are often economies which have experienced chronic government manipulation and intervention where ministries subsidize favored individuals or enterprises. As a matter of routine, this bill expects market-distorting subsidies and government-directed lending to good friends rather than good business partners to come to an end.  In addition to setting new conditions for IMF lending, we have improved accountability and transparency in fund operations. Senator Helms was deeply concerned about the General Accounting Office having access to the IMF decisionmaking process. I believe we have not only addressed this issue, but have also taken a step in the right direction in terms of expanding public access and involvement.  Public access is a problem that Senator Leahy has drawn attention to for some years, so I especially appreciate his help in moving this bill in the right direction on that issue. As I pointed out in markup back in committee, Treasury only produces reforms and results when Congress requires action in law. While Treasury and the administration would have preferred a blank check, that would have been both unwise as well as unachievable. It was not possible to fund the NAB and Quotanow and hope for reforms down the road. Not one of my colleagues was willing to support $18 billion with no strings attached at all.  While the crisis in the Pacific has created a sense of alarm and generated an urgency to passing this bill, I hope everyone understands that not one dime--not one dime of this money is planned for Asia. These funds are being appropriated to take care of some unknown country at some unknown time for unknown purposes. After today, however, what we will know is that IMF lending practices will, in fact, improve. We will know that U.S. resources will not be wasted on corrupt governments. We will know we are not going to subsidize unfair trading practices. In sum, we will know we have permanently and substantially changed the way IMF does business.  Mr. President, that completes my statement. I am going to yield the floor here momentarily. I see my good friend from Nebraska, Senator Hagel, here. No one has spent more time on this complex question than the distinguished Senator from Nebraska. He has brought to this his usual intellect and energy and has been a very important part of working all this out in a way that I believe is going to improve the way IMF does business in the future.  So with that I yield the floor.  