 President, there are many lawyers in the Senate, some out in the land believe too many. But it is my judgment that the finest lawyer in the Senate is the Senator from Washington. I thank him for his clear explanation of what the law demands in this situation.  No effort by the other side to obscure the obvious, it seems to me, should fool anyone. The Senator from Washington has laid it out with extraordinary clarity. This provision in the bill before us is unconstitutional. I thank the Senator from Washington for his support of the Constitution.  Mr. President, a number of the opponents of the amendment have said they know discrimination exists in this kind of economic activity because the numbers of minority participants have dropped in Michigan and in Louisiana. Colleagues have lamented the loss of the DBE programs in those two States, Louisiana and Michigan, but what they fail to point out was that those DBE programs were terminated based on court decisions that held that the preferences were unconstitutional, and that is, of course, precisely what we are discussing here today, the constitutionality of these kinds of race-based set-asides.  Even the Department of Transportation has quietly conceded that disparity figures do not prove discrimination. Let me share this quiet concession buried in the jungle of Federal regulations. The administration notes that:       Minority firms may receive less work because of the      following reasons: Lack of interest in the work, other      commitments, limitations of the amount of work they can      handle or lack of qualifications, especially where a State      spends a large portion of its funds on a single large project      requiring special contractors.  There has been some suggestion by those opposing the amendment that the Adarand case not only wasn't determinative of the race-based set-aside in this bill, but it somehow is an isolated case. The Congressional Research Service has found no--I repeat no--court ruling after a trial where a race-based contracting program has met the Supreme Court test of strict scrutiny. Let me say that one more time. There has been an effort to portray the Adarand case as kind of an aberration, or actually not determinative, not really on point. The fact of the matter is it is just one more in a whole series of cases indicating that these kinds of race-based programs are unconstitutional. In fact, CRS has explained that Adarand conforms to a pattern of Federal rulings across the country, striking down race-based contracting programs as unconstitutional. Let me just mention some of them: Associated General Contractors of California v. San Francisco. That was in the ninth circuit. Michigan Road Builders Assoc. v. Milliken, which was in the sixth circuit; Groves & Sons Co. v. Fulton County, which was in the seventh circuit; Associated General Contractors of Connecticut v. New Haven; O'Donnell Construction Company v. the District of Columbia, in the D.C. circuit; Arrow Office Supply v. Detroit, a Michigan case; Louisiana Associated General Contractors v. Louisiana, Associated General Contractors of America v. Columbus; Engineering Contractors Ass'n of South Florida v. Metropolitan Dade County in the 11th circuit; Contractors Ass'n of Eastern Pennsylvania v. Philadelphia, in the third circuit; Monterey Mechanical v. Wilson in the ninth circuit, just last September; Houston Contractors Association v. Metropolitan Transit, which is in the Southern District of Texas, November 13 of last year, 1997.  Quoting from the Houston Contractors case, right out of the case, the District Court for the Southern District of Texas, the court said:       Because race is inescapably arbitrary, basing governmental      action on race offends the American Constitution.  The court went on to say:       Assigning governmental benefits to people by their skin      color does not quit being arbitrary because the advocates      claim that a program has a progressive purpose; a principle      wrong for Eugene Talmadge is wrong for Jesse Jackson.  The court went on to say:       Nothing about transportation depends upon the race of the      person--not employees, officers, taxpayers, riders,      suppliers, or contractors.  It has been suggested that these are all sorts of lower court decisions and somehow they are off on their own or something, not following the mandate of the Supreme Court.  In the Croson case, way back in 1989, the Court said that:       . . . a generalized assertion that there has been past      discrimination in an entire industry provides no guidance for      a legislative body to determine the precise scope of the      injury it seeks to remedy. It ``has no logical stopping      point.''  The Court went on to say:       ``Relief'' for such an ill-defined wrong could extend until      the percentage of public contracts awarded to MBE's in      Richmond mirrored the percentage of minorities in the      population as a whole.       Appellant argues that it is attempting to remedy various      forms of past discrimination that are alleged to be      responsible for the small number of minority businesses in      the local contracting industry. Among these the city cites      the exclusion of blacks from skilled construction trade      unions and training programs. This past discrimination [the      Court said] has prevented them ``from following the      traditional path from laborer to entrepreneur.'' [That is the      city talking.] The city also lists a host of nonracial      factors which would seem to face a member of any racial group      attempting to establish a new business enterprise, such as      deficiencies in working capital, inability to meet bonding      requirements, unfamiliarity with bidding procedures, and      disability cased by an inadequate track record.       While there is no doubt that the sorry history of both      private and public discrimination in this country has      contributed to a lack of opportunities for black      entrepreneurs, this observation, standing alone, [standing      alone] cannot justify a rigid racial quota in the awarding of      public contracts in Richmond, Virginia. . . . [A]n amorphous      claim that there has been past discrimination in a particular      industry cannot justify the use of an unyielding racial      quota.       It is sheer speculation how many minority firms there would      be in Richmond absent past societal discrimination, just as      it was sheer speculation how many minority medical students      would have been admitted to the medical school at Davis      absent past discrimination in educational opportunities.      Defining these sorts of injuries as ``identified      discrimination'' would give local governments license to      create a patchwork of racial preferences based on statistical      generalizations about any particular field of endeavor.  So the Court concluded:       The 30% quota cannot in any realistic sense be tied to any      injury suffered by anyone.  So the Court said:       We, therefore, hold that the city has failed to demonstrate      a compelling interest in apportioning public contracting      opportunities on the basis of race. To accept Richmond's      claim that past societal discrimination alone can serve as      the basis for rigid racial preferences would be to open the      door to competing claims for ``remedial relief'' for every      disadvantaged group. The dream of a Nation of equal citizens      in a society where race is irrelevant to personal opportunity      and achievement would be lost in a mosaic of shifting      preferences based on inherently unmeasurable claims of past      wrongs. ``Courts would be asked to evaluate the extent of the      prejudice and consequent harm suffered by various minority      groups. Those whose societal injury is thought to exceed some      arbitrary level of tolerability then would be entitled to      preferential classifications. . . .'' We think such a result      would be contrary to both the letter and spirit of a      constitutional provision whose central command is equality.  The Court went on:       There is absolutely no evidence of past discrimination      against Spanish-speaking, Oriental, Indian, Eskimo or Aleut      [Indian] persons in any aspect of the Richmond construction      industry. . . . It may well be that Richmond has never had an      Aleut or Eskimo citizen [the Court said]. The random      inclusion of racial groups that, as a practical matter, may      never have suffered from discrimination in the construction      industry in Richmond suggests that perhaps the city's purpose      was not in fact to remedy past discrimination.       If a 30% set-aside was ``narrowly tailored'' to compensate      black contractors for past discrimination, one may      legitimately ask why they are forced to share this ``remedial      relief'' with an Aleut citizen who moves to     Richmond tomorrow? The gross overinclusiveness of Richmond's      racial preference strongly impugns the city's claim of      remedial motivation.  Mr. President, even if by way of some disparity study mirror this administration could show a finding of specific, pervasive discrimination in the highway contracting arena, the administration would still be unable to show that the ISTEA quota is narrowly tailored to remedy that alleged past discrimination. ISTEA and the DBE Program funnels not less than 10 percent of Federal highway funds to disadvantaged business enterprises. The Government presumes that an individual is disadvantaged if that individual can trace his or her roots to one of over 100 different countries. These countries range from Argentina to Spain and Portugal to Sri Lanka and Madagascar to Japan and to the Fiji Islands.  Just look at the map I have to my right. If you are from one of the countries with a ``P'' on it--it is probably hard for people to see--you are in the preferred group. Look at the worldwide web of preferences that we have created, and who can figure out this web? If you happen to be from these countries, you get a preference. If you happen to have emigrated from some other country, you do not.  If you are so unfortunate as to be from Poland, you are out of luck; you actually have to compete and win on the merits. But if you are from Pakistan, you are in the preferred group.  If you are from Nigeria, you are disadvantaged, but if you are from Algeria, you are not disadvantaged.  If you are from Spain or Portugal, you are disadvantaged, but if you are from Bosnia, you are not disadvantaged.  If you are from Israel, you are not disadvantaged, but if you are from Pakistan, you are disadvantaged.  If you are from China or Japan, then you get a preference, but if you are from Russia, sorry, you don't get a preference.  If you are from the Fiji Islands, it is your lucky day; you win the preference prize. But if you are from New Zealand or are an Australian Aborigine, you lose; you are not disadvantaged.  In the Adarand case, the plaintiff explained this overbreadth problem to the Supreme Court. Specifically, the plaintiff's lawyers stated in oral argument:       We have a situation here where a Hong Kong banker, a      Japanese electrical engineer, or the son of landed gentry      from Spain could come to Colorado Springs and . . . [run] a      [Disadvantaged Business Enterprise].  And, in fact, the district court in Adarand agreed the DBE program is so overly broad that it violates not only common sense, but it violates the Constitution. Indeed, under these standards, as Senator Ashcroft and others have mentioned, the Sultan of Brunei would qualify as disadvantaged.  By the way, let me tell you a little about our friend, the disadvantaged sultan. This is a man who has an estimated $40 billion fortune, making him the wealthiest monarch in the world. He lives in a sprawling palace, which you can see reflected in this picture, the palace of the Sultan of Brunei. This palace has 22-karat gold-plated mosque domes and 37 types of marble. He has 150 Rolls Royces. And if that is not enough, the sultan keeps his prize thoroughbred horses in hundreds of air-conditioned stables.  So, the sultan could leave his estate in Brunei, forsake his Rolls Royces, abandon his horses in their air-conditioned stables, and then move to my home State of Kentucky and get a bid preference as a DBE over a contractor from the hills of Appalachia. Mr. President, something is wrong with this picture.  In 1980, Justice Stewart poignantly explained what was wrong with this picture. To quote Justice Stewart directly, Congress has ``necessarily paint[ed] with too broad a brush.''  He said:       In today's society, it constitutes far too gross an      oversimplification to assume that--  And this was in 1980--     every single Negro, Spanish-speaking citizen, Oriental,      Indian, Eskimo and Aleut potentially interested in      construction contracting currently suffers from the effects      of past or present racial discrimination. Since the . . .      set-aside must be viewed as resting upon such an assumption,      it necessarily paints with too broad a brush. Except to make      whole the identified victims of racial discrimination, the      guarantee of equal protection prohibits the government from      taking detrimental action against innocent people on the      basis of the sins of others of their own race.  Congress has a substantial burden of ``inquir[ing] into whether or not the particular [entity] seeking a racial preference has suffered from the effects of past discrimination.''  This is what they were talking about in the Croson case, a Supreme Court case.  Again, let me quote the Supreme Court:       The random inclusion of racial groups, that as a practical      matter, may have never suffered from discrimination in the      construction industry . . . suggests that perhaps the . . .      purpose was not in fact to remedy past discrimination . . .      The gross overinclusiveness of [a government's] racial      preferences strongly impugns the . . . claim of remedial      motivation.       If there is no duty to attempt either to measure the      recovery by the wrong or to distribute that recovery within      the injured class in an evenhanded way, our history will      adequately support a legislative preference for almost any      ethnic, religious or racial group with the political strength      to negotiate ``a piece of the action'' for its members.  Again quoting Croson.  Or, as the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals recently explained in striking down racial preferences:       A broad program that sweeps in all minorities with a remedy      that is in no way related to past harms cannot      survive constitutional scrutiny.  Hopwood v. the State of Texas.  As I have explain today, the Government has placed the stamp of disadvantaged on a stupefying array of groups--groups and individuals that are not similarly situated.  As Professor LaNoue has explained:       Some of the groups on the presumptively eligible list have      been in this country since its beginning; some are very      recent arrivals. Some are relatively poor; some are      relatively affluent. Some have very high rates of business      formation; some are very low. Some have well-documented      histories of discrimination; some are virtually invisible.  Again quoting Justice Stevens:       The statutory definition of the preferred class includes      ``citizens of the United States who are [black], Spanish-     speaking, Orientals, Indians, Eskimos and Aleuts.'' . . .      There is not one word in the remainder of the Act or in the      legislative history that explains why any Congressman or      Senator favored this particular definition over any other or      that identifies the common characteristics that every member      of the preferred class was believed to share. Nor does the      Act or its history explain why 10 percent of the total      appropriation was the proper amount to set aside for      investors in each of the six racial subclasses.  In summary, as numerous speakers have said, the DBE program is not narrowly tailored. As the district court concluded in Adarand just this last summer, directly from the court:       I find it difficult to envisage a race-based classification      that is narrowly tailored. By its very nature, such a program      is both underinclusive and overinclusive. This seemingly      contradictory result suggests that the criteria are lacking      in substance as well as in reason.  Or as the Supreme Court held in Croson, a program is unconstitutional where ``a successful black, Hispanic or Oriental entrepreneur from anywhere in the country enjoys an absolute preference over other citizens based solely on their race. We think it obvious that such a program is not narrowly tailored to remedy the effects of prior discrimination.  I cannot imagine how the courts would spell this one out any clearer for us. This program is not designed to remedy past discrimination, it is not narrowly tailored by any stretch of the imagination, and it is plainly and clearly, as the distinguished Senator from Washington so eloquently put it a few moments ago, not constitutional.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  