 President, I rise today to join my colleague from Kentucky in support of an amendment to the Department of Defense Authorization Bill. I would like to thank the Senator for his support and assistance on this important initiative. In addition, I would like to thank the distinguished managers of the bill for their assistance.  In 1996, I offered and the Senate accepted an amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations bill which created the Alternative Technology Program. The mission of the program is to study alternative to incineration for destruction of our chemical weapons stockpiles.  The amendment Senator Ford and I offer today continues this program, and ensures that it will remain independent and fully capable of carrying out its intended mission.  Typically, when Senators offer amendments they rise to inform the body what their intentions are--what will their proposals do. I would like to take the opposite tack today, and tell the Senate what our amendment will not do.  The Ford-McConnell amendment is not designed to delay or prevent the destruction of chemical weapons. The Senate ratified, and I supported, the chemical weapons convention which established a deadline by which all weapons must be destroyed. This amendment would not alter that agreement.In fact, the amendment says that alternative technologies must be able to complete the destruction in the same timeframe as incineration.  The Ford-McConnell amendment is not designed to scuttle the incineration program. Consistent with the legislation Congress passed in 1996, this measure continues the study and implementation of alternative technologies. At sites where incinerators are under construction or operating, that work will continue.  What, then, does this amendment accomplish?  First, it ensures that the Program Manager for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Assessment (ACWA) continues to operate independently of the incineration program, reporting directly to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology. This is important in order to maintain the integrity of the program and protect the Program Manager's ability to make decisions in an efficient manner. To date, all involved have reported to both Senator Ford and me that ACWA has been successfully run. There has been a tremendous amount of citizen involvement. The result has been consensus not only on the direction the program is headed, but the methods it has employed.  Equally important, the amendment makes it clear that the Program Manager for ACWA can move toward implementation of technology which meets several clearly defined criteria. These criteria include that the technology selected is at least as safe and cost-effective as incineration. We have included a reporting requirement for both the Under Secretary for Technology and Acquisition as well as the Cost Analysis Improvement Group of the Department of Defense, to report to Congress on the cost and schedule of potential implementation.  As for the timing of the amendment, it clearly states that no alternative technology may be implemented unless it can be determined that it will lead to the destruction of stockpiles no later than the date by which incineration could do so. This is an important point, Mr. President. Senator Ford and I have no desire to prolong the schedule for destruction of our stockpiles, we merely ask that any alternatives to incineration be held to the same standards as are currently in place.  Mr. President, why have Senator Ford and I taken the Senate's time with this amendment? Quite simply, I remain disappointed with the Army's incineration program. It is grossly over budget and behind schedule. If it is possible to develop an alternative to incineration which is safe, and can accomplish the goals of our current program, then I believe Congress should support that endeavor.  Finally, and most importantly, Senator Ford and I rise on behalf of our constituents in central Kentucky. They live every day with the knowledge that thousands of rockets containing lethal nerve agents are stored just minutes from their homes. We owe it to these Kentuckians to exhaust every option in order to eliminate these weapons in the safest manner possible.  