 President, this bill will ensure that the Department of Energy is not stuck with a massive unfunded mandate as a result of the privatization of the United States Enrichment Corporation. This bill will ensure that both the workers at Paducah, Kentucky and Portsmouth, Ohio as well as the environment are made a top priority.  Last month the Administration, the Department of Energy and the USEC Board came to a decision on privatization of the United States Enrichment Corporation. The deal, however, put USEC first and taxpayers, workers and the environment last.  As proposed, the USEC privatization will have a devastating effect on jobs. The Administration has stated that 600 jobs will be lost in the first two years and admits that there is a real possibility that additional job losses would occur in the following years. Something must be done to alleviate the economic impact of this legislation, and I am hopeful that a serious clean up effort will mitigate some of the job losses.  Unless we prevent this transfer of funds from USEC to the General Treasury, taxpayers will be stuck with a massive unfunded environmental liability if this funding doesn't remain dedicated to clean up. Considering the Department of Energy's track record on cleaning up its own depleted uranium tails that have been stockpiled for the past forty years, it would be a big mistake if we allowed USEC to add an additional 9,000 canisters to the tens of thousands of canisters in the Department's inventory without the funds already earmarked and allocated to cleaning up this environmental nightmare.  I am willing to accept the amendment by Senator Ford in order to secure the nearly $400 million. Senator Ford's amendment adds language to ensure that this clean up effort remains consistent with National environmental Policy Act and adds a brief Sense of the Senate that Congress should fully fund the President's request.  I want to be absolutely clear, this amendment simply restates current law. This bill like any other, is subject to NEPA standards. However, it must not be an excuse for the Administration to slow down the implementation of a clean up plan.  Mr. President, I welcome the support of Senator Ford for this legislation and I look forward to passing it in a timely fashion so the Administration does not privatize USEC until we can ensure that workers and the environment in Western Kentucky and Southeast Ohio are made a top priority.  