Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 437, the National Sea Grant College Reauthorization Act of 1997. This legislation reflects a cooperative effort between the Committee on Science and the Committee on Resources to craft a Sea Grant reauthorization bill that is in the best interest of the program and of the taxpayers. I believe that the product of that effort, the amendment in the nature of a substitute to H.R. 437 brought by the gentleman from New Jersey, achieves these goals, and I urge bipartisan support.  This amendment is a 3-year reauthorization that adds or modifies various definitions, clarifies the duties of the program director, sets forth the duties of the Sea Grant institutions and certain types of entities conducting Sea Grant programs. The amendment includes merit reviews of grant and contract applications, repeals the Sea Grant International Program, which has never been funded, and reauthorizes the Sea Grant program at $54.3 million for fiscal year 1998, $55.4 million for fiscal year 1999, and $56.5 million for fiscal year 2000. It also authorizes, within these amounts for each fiscal year, up to $2.8 million for competitive grants for university research on the zebra mussel and up to $2.0 million for oyster disease research.  The amendment also promotes efficiency and to ensure that the taxpayers' money is spent on research and not on bureaucracy. It limits administrative spending to no more than 5 percent of the lesser of the amount authorized or appropriated each fiscal year, and clarifies that the maximum pay for voting members of the Sea Grant Board is determined by the Secretary of Commerce.  Finally, the amendment prohibits the use of Sea Grant funds for lobbying, and requires the Secretary of Commerce notice the Committees on Science and Resources of any reprogramming of Sea Grant funds or reorganization of any Sea Grant program, project or activity.  I believe the Committees on Science and Resources have crafted a noncontroversial bill that is good for the Sea Grant Program and good for the taxpayers, and urge my colleagues to support it.  In closing, I wish to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Calvert], the chairman of the Committee on Science's Subcommittee on Energy and Environment, and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Roemer], the subcommittee's ranking member, for their hard work on this legislation.  I would also like to thank the Committee on Science's ranking member, the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown] for his bipartisan support.  I also want to commend the efforts of the gentleman from Alaska [Mr. Young], chairman of the Committee on Resources; the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller], ranking member of the Committee on Resources; my friend, the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Saxton], chairman of the Resources Subcommittee on Fisheries Conservation, Wildlife and Oceans; and the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie], the subcommittee's ranking member, even though the calculator in the Committee on Resources on my age is way off, and I excuse them for that.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  