Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, Senate 910, an act to authorize appropriations for carrying out the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act for fiscal years 1998 and 1999 is nearly identical to H.R. 2249, a bill reported out of the Committee on Science by voice vote on July 29, 1997, and discharged from further consideration by the Committee on Resources on August 1, 1997.  S. 910 is the result not only of a bipartisan effort but also a bicameral effort to craft legislation that is in the national interest. This legislation is strongly supported by both Democrats and Republicans on the Committee on Science and the Committee on Resources.  The National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program has been successful in increasing our understanding of the science of earthquakes, where earthquakes are likely to occur and how the built environment is impacted by the ground shaking and other effects of this phenomenon. Because of what this program has taught us over the years, measures have been taken at the Federal, State and local levels to mitigate the effect of potential earthquakes, reducing our risk and vulnerability.  Despite these advances, much more remains to be done. Many areas of this country face an earthquake threat that could result in the loss of thousands of lives and hundreds of billions of dollars of economic damage. Early in 1995, Kobe, Japan suffered just such a catastrophe. Over 6,000 people lost their lives in that earthquake, and the economists have estimated the economic losses at over $200 billion.  The legislation we have before us today will do much to further our understanding of the effects of earthquakes and enable additional mitigation to occur. Specifically, S. 910 enables the program to continue its good work in earthquake research and hazards mitigation. This legislation authorizes approximately $105 million in fiscal year 1998 and $108 million in fiscal year 1999 for the four NEHRP agencies, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the U.S. Geological Survey, the National Science Foundation, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology.  In addition, the bill provides $3.8 million in each of fiscal years 1998 and 1999 for the U.S. Geological Survey for the operation of the global seismic network.  There are several other provisions of this legislation I would like to highlight which I believe will strengthen NEHRP and provide for a more robust earthquake science and engineering research infrastructure into the next century.  First, the legislation authorizes $8 million specifically for the U.S. Geological Survey's external grants program. This action is consistent with the Committee on Science's ongoing efforts to recognize and support external competitive peer review programs within the science agencies.  Second, the bill requires the Director of the U.S. Geological Survey to develop a prototype, real-time seismic hazard warning system which will enable our Nation's vital lifelines, such as electric utilities, gas lines, and high speed railroads to receive warnings in advance of an earthquake. It is hoped that these warnings can be provided in time to shut down the lifelines, thereby guarding against the catastrophic effects that occur when such facilities are ruptured or damaged by earthquakes.  Third, this reauthorization requires an assessment of regional seismic monitoring networks to determine the state of facilities and equipment.  Fourth, the bill authorizes the Director of the National Science Foundation to use funds to develop Earth science teaching materials and to make them available to local elementary and secondary schools. This is consistent withthe increased emphasis which the Committee on Science is placing on all science education for grades K through 12.  Fifth, the legislation directs the Director of the U.S. Geological Survey to approve hazard assessment of seismic zones throughout the United States and report to the Congress.  Sixth, the bill requires the Director of FEMA to assess and report on disaster training capabilities and programs offered by the agency.  And finally, the bill requires the Director of the National Science Foundation to work with the other NEHRP agencies to develop a plan to effectively use earthquake engineering research facilities, which includes upgrading facilities and equipment and integrating innovative testing approaches.  Mr. Speaker, S. 910 is a well thought out bill which has broad bipartisan support as well as the support of the earthquake science and engineering communities.  Before closing, I would like to thank and commend the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown], my committee's ranking member, for his work on this legislation and his abiding interest throughout his congressional career in earthquake-related research and mitigation.  I would also like to thank the gentleman from Alaska [Mr. Young], the chairman, and the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller], the ranking member of the Committee on Resources, who share jurisdictions on portions of this legislation, for their timely efforts in bringing this reauthorization to the House floor.  Mr. Speaker, I urge support of my colleagues for the passage of Senate 910, and I reserve the balance of my time.  