Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 363 to amend section 2118 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to extend the Electric and Magnetic Fields Research and Public Information Dissemination Program.  This bipartisan bill is designed to fulfill the intent of legislation enacted in 1992 to conduct a 5-year research and public information dissemination program on the health effects of electric and magnetic fields.  Section 2118 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 directed the Secretary of Energy to establish a 5-year, cost-shared program, the EMF RAPID Program, starting on October 1, 1992, and expiring on December 31, 1997. The EMF RAPID Program objectives are: To determine whether or not exposure to EMF produced by the generation, transmission, and use of electric energy affects human health; to carry out research and development and demonstration with respect to technologies to mitigate any adverse human health effects; to provide for the dissemination of scientifically valid information to the public.  Under the act, the Department of Energy and the Department of Health and Human Services National Environmental Health Sciences Institute are jointly responsible for directing the program. DOE has responsibility for research, development, and demonstration of technologies to improve the measurement and characterization of EMF and for assessing and managing exposure to EMF, while NIEHS has sole responsibility for research on possible human health effects of EMF. EPACT also authorized $65 million for the period encompassing fiscal years 1993 through 1997. At least 50 percent of the total authorized funding must come from non-Federal sources, and before the Federal funds can be expended in any fiscal year, they must be matched by non-Federal contributions. In addition, not more than $1 million annually may be spent for the collection, compilation, publication, and dissemination of scientifically valid information.  The act also established two advisory committees to help guide the program: The Electric and Magnetic Fields Interagency Committee, composed of 9 members, and the National Electric and Magnetic Fields Advisory Committee, a 10-member body.  Finally, EPACT establishes a number of reporting requirements, including the following: By March 31, 1997, the director of NIEHS is to report to the Congress and to the agency his or her findings and conclusions on the extent to which exposure to EMF affects human health.  Not later than September 30, 1997, the committee, in consultation with the other committee, is to report to the Secretary and to Congress on its findings and conclusions on the effects, if any, of EMF on human health and remedial actions, if any, that may be needed to minimize any such health effects.  Periodically, the National Academy of Sciences is to submit reports to both committees that evaluate the research activities under the program and to make recommendations to promote the effective transfer of information derived from such research projects.  Although the act authorized the EMF RAPID Program to begin in fiscal year 1993, no funds were appropriated because the 1993 energy and water development appropriation bill was enacted before EPACT. Consequently, the first year of available appropriations was fiscal year 1994. In 1996, DOE submitted legislation to extend the EPACT authority for the EMF Rapid Program through 1998, and former Committee on Science Chairman Walker introduced this proposal in the last Congress. However, the last Congress adjourned sine die without taking action on the measure.  The President's fiscal year 1998 budget contains $8 million in funding for the fifth and final year of the EMF RAPID Program and completion of the DOE long-term commitment to EMF research. The Department continues to believe the 1-year extension is appropriate in the interest of completing the work contemplated by EPACT, and the DOE and non-Federal participants testified at a hearing conducted by the Committee on Science's Subcommittee on Energy and Environment that a total authorization of $46 million will be sufficient to complete the 5-year effort.  As amended by the Science Committee, H.R. 363 amends section 2118 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 by extending by 1 year: First, the EMF RAPID Program, the Electric and Magnetic Fields Interagency Committee, and the National Electric and Magnetic Fields Advisory Committee to December 31, 1998; second, the Environmental Health Sciences' report to the EMFIAC and to Congress is extended by 1 year, toMarch 31, 1998; and third, the deadline of the EMFIAC's final report to the Secretary of Energy and to Congress is extended by 1 year, to September 30, 1998.  Finally, the bill, as amended, reduces the EMF RAPID Program 5-year authorization from $65 to $46 million, consistent with the testimony by DOE and the non-Federal participants on the funding requirements needed to complete the program.  In closing, I wish to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Calvert], the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Environment of the Committee on Science, and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Roemer], the subcommittee's ranking member, for their hard work on this legislation. I would also like to thank the Committee on Science's ranking member, the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown], for his bipartisan support.  I also want to commend the efforts of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bliley], chairman of the Committee on Commerce; the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Dingell], the ranking member of the Committee on Commerce; the gentleman from Colorado, [Mr. Dan Schaefer], chairman of the Committee on Commerce's Subcommittee on Energy and Power, the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Hall], the subcommittee's ranking member; and also the gentleman. from New York [Mr. Towns], the bill's author, for their work on this legislation.  