Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I respectfully disagree with the gentlewoman from Texas saying this amendment is necessary to equalize money that is spent between minority and nonminority students at universities that get NASA education funds. The figures are exactly the opposite and if we were to equalize the amount of money that was spent, we would be cutting the minority account even further than what is proposed in the bill.  Let me give you those figures. For the nonminority students and faculty, approximately 700,000 to 750,000 faculty and students benefit by the education programs of NASA every year. In the bill's figures in fiscal 1998, that amounts to approximately $76.55 spent per faculty or student from the education and program account in the nonminority institutions.  Using the bill's figures in the minority institutions in fiscal 1998, there will be 50,000 faculty and students benefited, and of those 50,000 students, approximately $934 will be spent per faculty and student in the minority research and education programs. So the minority research and education programs are getting 11 to 12 times the amount of money per student than the nonminority research and education programs, and the amendment of the gentlewoman from Texas wants to make that disparity still bigger. I think that is unfair.  Second, the amendment of the gentlewoman from Texas does not increase the total authorization for NASA. So while she pluses up the education account for NASA, that means that the other accounts will end up having their programs and their people reduced as a result of what is effectively an earmark. That means less money for science, less money for Mission to Planet Earth, less money for human space flight, less money for the Johnson Space Center in Houston, less money for the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, simply because of the direction that she is putting the capped amount of money in the authorization bill into this particular program.  So for this reason and the fact that we already are spending 11 to 12 times as much per faculty and student in the minority programs and should not increase that still further, contrasted to the nonminority programs, I would hope that this amendment would be defeated.  