Speaker, today, in a bipartisan effort, the Committee on Science brings to the floor H.R. 1903, the Computer Security Enhancement Act of 1997. I would like to thank the ranking member, the gentleman from California, Mr. George Brown, the Subcommittee on Technology chairwoman, the gentlewoman from Maryland, Mrs. Constance Morella, the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentleman fromTennessee Mr. Bart Gordon, as well as the 25 other members of the committee who cosponsored this bill.  The Computer Security Act of 1987 gave authority over computer and communication security standards in Federal civilian agencies to the National Institute of Standards and Technology. The Computer Security Enhancement Act of 1997 strengthens that authority and directs funds to implement practices and procedures which will ensure that the Federal standard-setting process remains strong, despite its increasing reliance on a network infrastructure.  The need for this renewed emphasis on the security of Federal civilian agencies is underscored by a recently released report from the General Accounting Office. The 1997 Report on Information Management and Technology highlighted information security as a Governmentwide high-risk issue. It stated that despite having critical functions, Federal systems and data are not adequately protected.  Since June 1993, the GAO has issued over 30 reports describing serious information security weaknesses at Federal agencies. In September 1996, it reported that during the previous 2 years, such weaknesses had been determined for 10 of the 15 largest Federal agencies. For half of these agencies, the weakness had been disclosed repeatedly for 5 years or longer.  Much has changed in the 10 years since the Computer Security Act of 1987 became law. The proliferation of network systems, the Internet, and web access are just a few of the dramatic advances in information technology that have occurred. The Computer Security Enhancement Act of 1997 addresses these changes and provides for greater security for the Federal civilian agencies that base their buying decisions for computer security hardware on NIST standards.  Specifically, H.R. 1903 requires NIST to encourage the acquisition of off-the-shelf products to meet civilian agencies' security needs. Such practices will reduce the cost and improve the availability of computer security technologies for Federal civilian agencies.  The bill strengthens the role played by the independent Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board in NIST's decision-making process. The CSSPAB, which is made up of representatives from industry, Federal agencies, and private organizations, has long been considered a vital part of NIST's standard-setting process on emerging computer security issues. Strengthening the board's role will help ensure that the Federal Government benefits from private sector expertise.  H.R. 1903 establishes a new computer science fellowship program for graduate and undergraduate students studying computer security.  It provides for the National Research Council to study the desirability of key infrastructures. The NRC would also examine the technologies required for establishing such an infrastructure.  Further, the bill requires the Under Secretary of Commerce for Technology to actively promote the use of technologies that will enhance the security of communications networks and electronic information; to establish a clearinghouse of information available to the public on information security threats; and to promote the development of standards-based infrastructure that will enable the widespread use of encryption technologies for confidentiality and authentication.  Finally, H.R. 1903 establishes a national panel to discuss digital signatures. The panel will explore all factors associated with developing a national digital signature infrastructure based on uniform standards.  Mr. Speaker, Members will notice the old section 7 directing NIST to assess foreign encryption products has been removed, to satisfy the concerns of the administration and my colleagues on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. I trust this action will help assure that all Members can support this legislation without reservation.  Mr. Speaker, the Computer Security Enhancement Act of 1997 will ensure that Federal civilian agencies enjoy the highest standard of information technologies, both for transmitted and stored data. The protection of this vital data is necessary for the security of all Americans.  Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.  