Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, Senate bill 1231, an act to authorize appropriations for the United States Fire Administration for the fiscal years 1998 and 1999, is nearly identical to H.R. 1272, a bill favorably reported by voice vote by the Committee on Science on April 16, 1997, and which was later passed by the full House by voice vote on April 23, 1997.  Senate bill 1231 is the result not only of a bipartisan effort, but also a bicameral effort to craft legislation that is in the national interest. This bill reauthorizes the programs and activities of the United States Fire Administration, a small but important organization within the Federal Emergency Management Agency.  The U.S. Fire Administration was created by Congress in 1974 in response to a report by the President's National Commission on Fire Prevention and Control entitled America Burning, which presented a dismal assessment of the Nation's fire problem. The report found that nearly 12,000 lives were lost to fire annually in this country. In addition, fire was found responsible for more than 300,000 injuries and over $3 billion of economic losses annually.  Congress reacted to the report by declaring a Federal role for reducing fire losses, and created the United States Fire Administration and the National Fire Academy. The U.S. Fire Administration provides vital assistance to the Nation's fire and emergency services communities which helps them to save lives and property. The Fire Administration is able to perform this service through four primary missions: First, fire service training; second, fire-related data collection and analysis; third, public education and awareness; and fourth, research and technology development.  The National Fire Academy provides management-level training and education to fire and emergency service personnel and fire protection and control activities. The Fire Academy, located in Emmitsburg, Maryland, trains tens of thousands of fire and emergency personnel a year through its on- and off-campus programs.  Annually during budget authorization hearings held by the Committee on Science, witnesses from the volunteer and paid fire services as well as emergency services have testified as to the important and indispensable role the U.S. Fire Administration and the National Fire Academy play in their ability to perform their job.  Senate 1231 establishes funding levels sufficient to preserve all the missions and functions of the Fire Administration and the Academy. Specifically, this bill authorizes just over $29.6 million for the Fire Administration's fiscal 1998 budget, and just over $30.5 million for fiscal year 1999. These Senate-approved authorization levels are slightly higher, $64,000 and $54,000 respectively, than the previously approved House authorizations.  I believe this 3-percent increase is justified and necessary in order to ensure that the agency can continue its current mission activities, as well as to perform a new and important counterterrorism training function. The Fire Administration's new mission, counterterrorism training for emergency response personnel, arose from the enactment of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act passed last year by Congress and signed by the President.  Counterterrorism training for first responders is an appropriate function of the Fire Administration, as it is frequently local fire and emergency departments who are first on the scene not only to battle fires, but also to react to acts of terrorism, such as the bombings in Oklahoma City and the World Trade Center in New York. In addition, counterterrorism training complements and supplements many of the traditional first responder training programs currently offered through the Academy.  The other sections of S. 1231 include, first, technical changes to fire protection standards; second, a provision requiring that the administrator inform Congress in advance of any effort to privatize or terminate agency activities; third, a requirement that reprogramming notices required by the Committee on Appropriations committees must also be provided to the authorizing committees; and fourth, a sense of Congress resolution emphasizing that planning should begin immediately to assess and correct any computer systems affected by the year 2000 date-related software problem; fifth, a provision allowing the Administrator to donate excess Federal computer equipment to schools; and sixth, a requirement that no later than 180 days after the enactment of this bill, the Fire Administration submit a report to Congress examining the risks faced by firefighters in suppressing tire fires. This report was also added by the Senate, and we agree as to its need.  Mr. Speaker, I applaud the efforts of the U.S. Fire Administration and the National Fire Academy, and I believe this bill is a reflection of strong bipartisan support for these agencies and will enable them to continue their missions and to accomplish their goals.  In closing, I want to thank the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Schiff], chairman of the subcommittee, and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Barcia], the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Basic Research, for their hard work on this legislation, as well as the full committee's ranking member, the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown].  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  