Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is micromanagement in its worst way. The NASA administrator has got the power to declare all employees in his agency essential, should there be a Government shutdown. He has the discretion to make a determination on which employees are vital for the health and safety of continued operations of NASA.  So to say that mission control walks off the job if there should be a Government shutdown while a space shuttle mission is up is ridiculous, because that is not going to happen. The NASA administrator has the power to make sure that those people who are responsible for the safe operation of the shuttle mission report to work and do their jobs as usual. That is what happened during the unfortunate Government shutdowns that we had in the last 2 years.  Mr. Chairman, this amendment is also unfair because it singles out NASA employees. Why should all NASA employees be declared essential but not all employees of the FBI, not all employees of the Treasury Department, not all employees of the Department of Health and Human Services, or any other department?  Mr. Chairman, I know that having a broader amendment would be ruled out of order as nongermane, but I think that it shows the terrible precedent this sets if we legislatively decree that employees of one department are all essential but not decree that employees of other departments are all essential.  Having said that, Mr. Chairman, let me say that it is my hope that we never have another Government shutdown. There are Members that are working on legislation that provide for a continuation of appropriations if a budget deal is not reached by September 30. We have had a similar law on the books in the State of Wisconsin, where I served in the State legislature for 10 years before I was elected to Congress.  When the budget was not passed on time, which was more often than when the budget was passed on time, the agencies simply continued at the existing level of appropriations, or at some other level that was determined by State law, and nobody was furloughed. Mr. Chairman, I hope that before September 30 we are able to get a similar law like that on the books. I can pledge my support to it.  That is the right way to go about this problem. The amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas is the wrong way. I would urge its defeat.  