Speaker, last week in a bipartisan effort, the Committee on Science favorably reported H.R. 2429, as amended, a bill to reauthorize the Small Business Technology Transfer Program [STTR] through fiscal year 2000. This week, the Committee on Science and the Committee on Small Business, again working in a bipartisan fashion, have agreed to incorporate H.R. 2429 into H.R. 2261, the Small Business Programs Reauthorization and Amendments Acts of 1997.  I would like to thank the ranking member of the Science committee, Mr. Brown, the Subcommittee on Technology chairwoman, Mrs. Morella, and the ranking member of that subcommittee, Mr. Gordon, for their efforts to reauthorize STTR. I would also like to thank the chairman of the Committee on Small Business, Mr. Talent, for the great cooperation he and all his staff have shown in working with the Science Committee to reauthorize STTR.  STTR was started as a pilot program in 1994. STTR was enacted to provide high technology, small businesses across the country an opportunity to receive Federal R funding for ideas that were originated in, and developed in cooperation with, nonprofit research institutions such as universities. It is financed by a 0.15 percent set-aside from the extramural R budgets of five agencies: the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, the National Institutes of Health, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the National Science Foundation.  These ideas are developed under STTR in three phases. Phase I is a 1-year grant of up to $100,000. It is primarily used to research the viability of a technology. After phase I, a company may apply for phase II funding. Phase II is a 2-year award, of up to $500,000. Phase II award winners will further develop the technology--with the goal of achieving phase III. Phase III is defined as commercialization of the technology, including use of the technology by the Government. STTR funds are not used for phase III.  H.R. 2429 will reauthorize STTR at its current set-aside of 0.15 percent through fiscal year 2000. The measure also makes some significant improvements to the program.  H.R. 2429 requires the STTR participating agencies to include STTR in their annual performance plans, as required by the Results Act. This plan will result in each agency defining program goals and setting out metrics to measure these goals. I believe that the plan will give Congress a clearer picture of the effectiveness of the STTR Program. In addition to the performance plan, H.R. 2429 requires each agency to include programs under 15 U.S.C. 638 in their strategic plan updates, again a requirement under the Results Act.  The STTR program has been criticized in some circles for the disparity of awards among States. To address this concern, H.R. 2429 mandates the Small Business Administration to develop an outreach program for small businesses and universities from States that have not received 20 or more STTR or Small Business Innovation Research [SBIR] awards in the previous 2 fiscal years. I do not favor mandating a set-aside for these States, but I do believe that through this program we will see an increase in the number of award applications, which should serve to strengthen STTR.  Finally, H.R. 2429 assures that the Committee on Science will be added to the list of committee's receiving the Small Business Administration's annual report on the STTR and SBIR Programs.  I am pleased that H.R. 2429 will be incorporated in its totality into H.R. 2261. It is also my understanding that the Committee on Science will have an equal number of conferees as the Small Business Committee on the STTR provision, when and if conference occurs with the Senate. I look forward to working with the Small Business Committee in representing the House position on the STTR Program.  