Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume and I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Roemer] gets high marks for persistence. This is his annual amendment to kill the space station. However, he gets equally low marks for his logic, because he wants the American taxpayer to back away from the $18 billion that we have already spent on the space station, leaving this house half built, breaking the international commitments that we have made to our closest allies in Western Europe, Canada, and Japan, and stiffing them the $6 billion that they have spent out of their own funds because he says, ``the space station has no useful purpose.''  The space station does have a useful purpose, and it also means that if we build the space station, we will continue to have the United States of America be the leadership in manned space flight for the next generation.  If the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Roemer] has his way, not only will America be out of manned space flight, but so will the rest of the world, because these programs are so expensive they have to be internationalized, and no other country will be able to pick that up. I think that would be a shame. I think it would be shocking. I think it would demonstrate that the United States of America is an unreliable partner because of the commitments that we have asked other countries to undertake in building the space station, and which all but Russia have done so and have spent their own taxpayers' money.  If the gentleman from Indiana has his way, it is going to be a long time before other countries rely on the United States of America in any international undertaking, whether it be in space or in science or anything else, because if we back away from the space station now, we will have burned them so significantly with funds on their own.  The gentleman from Indiana says that if we kill the space station, we can save a great big bunch of money. I have heard the figure $75 billion touted about. I do not know whether that is accurate or not. But that includes the cost of maintaining and operating the shuttles that will be used for assembling the space station. That cost is going to be there.  If the space station is not set up, we are going to be using the shuttles for other things and expending the taxpayers' money for it, so very little of that $75 billion is going to be saved, because we will be utilizing the equipment that the taxpayers have already bought and paid for, as well as paying for other types of microgravity research.  The fact is that the cost of completing and operating the space station between now and the year 2012 will be about $23 billion for the United States, about $10 billion to finish the station by the year 2002, and about $13 billion to operate it for the next 10 years. That includes the cost of the shuttle flights and the research in this total.  We hear the argument all along that it is no-good science. Now, I have heard a lot of testimony of scientists in my time on the Committee on Science, and many of the scientists approach the Committee on Science saying the science that I am doing is good science and we should give more money to it.  The science that other scientists are doing I think should be a much lower priority, and I really do not care if you defund it. So we can trot out scientists on each side of the argument. But let me quote what some of the scientists told the subcommittee of the gentleman from California [Mr. Rohrabacher] a couple of weeks ago.  Dr. Larry DeLucas of the University of Alabama at Birmingham testified that shuttle-based microgravity research has led to ongoing clinical tests in drugs for the flu, stroke, and open heart surgery. The shuttle's maximum duration mission is 16 days. The station is permanent, and we can do much more research on that.  Dr. Jane Milburn Jessup of Harvard Medical School is researching colon cancer through space research. Dr. Lelund Chung of the University of Virginia is studying prostate cancer through space research. Dr. Reggie Edgerton of the Division of Life Sciences at UCLA testified that microgravity research is already aiding studies of neurocell regeneration, which can help us cure or ameliorate spinal cord and other nerve injuries.  I am married to a person who has a spinal cord injury, who is paralyzedfrom the waist down. It is a terrible disability for anybody to have that kind of an injury. If we can figure out some way, any way, to help regenerate those neurocells following a spinal cord injury, the grief, the trauma, the pain that someone like my wife has to endure can be solved for future people who might have those kinds of injuries.  Now, we can accelerate this research by having a permanent space station rather than having 16-day shuttle missions. We are building a space station that allows this research to be done 365 days a year. Mr. Chairman, I hope the Members do not back out on their previous commitments to the space station. I hope the Members, once again, reject the Roemer amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  