Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I think this amendment can be appropriately dubbed the dumb like a fox amendment, because if it is passed and the Russians are kicked out now, that will result in a huge unanticipated cost that will bust the $2.1 billion cap that we have had, and then the gentleman from Indiana will come back and say, I told you so, there is a cost overrun, and we ought to pass my amendment to kill the space station to begin with.  So I do not think that we should pass this amendment, even though I have probably been the most severe critic of the Russian participation in this program in the entire Congress.  The problem, Mr. Chairman, is not the Russian technicians or the Russian manufacturers, it is the Russian Government and not making the payments to their contractors and subcontractors to do the work on those elements of the space station that the Russians agreed to build.  I certainly hope that Russia will clean up its act and live up to its international obligations, because this is the first test of whether the new Russia will do so; and so far, the Russians have flopped. They have broken promise after promise after promise made to me, made to the gentleman from California [Mr. Lewis], who is the subcommittee chairman; made to the Vice President of the United States, made to the NASA administrator, and made to the President of the United States.  The problem, as I see it, is the fact that when this problem started to fester, the Clinton administration trusted the Russians to live up to their promises; and after they broke one promise after the other, the Clinton administration was not willing to admit that it made a mistake.  The provisions that we have in this bill are designed to make the Clinton administration reach timely decisions so that we do not have to spend an undue amount of extra money to replace what the Russians do not appear with, should that happen.  There is a provision in this bill that specifically prohibits NASA from paying the Russians to construct replacements for what the Russians promise to pay for in the original agreement. There are reporting requirements monthly so that NASA has to say in public whether Russia is completing its agreement or not. There is a deadline of August 1 for the President of the United States to make a certification of whether we go ahead with Russia included in this project.  To sum up, the decision to include the Russians and the details on the inclusion of the Russians were made not by the Congress but by the Clinton administration. If it does not work outthe way they advertised, then they are the ones that ought to admit that they made a mistake. This bill forces them to make a decision on that question one way or the other. If the decision is to disengage the Russians, the President of the United States will have to tell us that and the President of the United States will then have to tell us how much it will cost to make up for what the Russians were supposed to have done, and the Clinton administration relied on them, and their reliance was in error.  