Speaker, I rise today to ask that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1272, the Fire Administration Authorization Act of 1977.  Mr. Speaker, this bill, as amended, was reported favorably by voice vote with overwhelming bipartisan support by the Committee on Science on April 16, 1997.  H.R. 1272 reauthorizes the programs and activities of the U.S. Fire Administration, a small but important Federal agency within the Federal Emergency Management Agency. The USFA was created by Congress in 1974 in response to a report by the President's National Commission on Fire Prevention and Control, entitled ``America Burning,'' which presented a dismal assessment of the Nation's fire problem. The report found that nearly 12,000 lives were lost to fire yearly in this country. In addition, fire was found to be responsible for more than 300,000 injuries and over $3 million in economic losses.  Congress reacted to the report by declaring a Federal role for reducing fire losses and created the USFA and the National Fire Academy. The USFA is currently charged with helping prevent and control fire-related losses through, first, coordination of the Nation's fire safety and emergency medical service activities; second, educating the public on fire prevention and control; third, collecting, analyzing and disseminating data related to fire; fourth, promoting the use of sprinkler systems in residential and commercial buildings; fifth, conducting research and development on fire suppression; sixth, promoting fire fighter health and safety; and seventh, coordinating with other agencies charged with emergency response responsibilities.  The USFA administers the National Fire Academy. The academy provides management-level training and education to fire and emergency service personnel and fire protection and control activities. The Fire Academy, located in Emmitsburg, MD, trains tens of thousands of fire and emergency personnel a year through its on and off campus programs.  Year after year during budget hearings held by the committee, witnesses from the volunteer and paid fire services, as well as emergency services, have testified to the important and indispensable role the USFA and NFA pay and their ability to perform their responsibilities. For a modest Federal expenditure, the USFA leverages the resources of tens of thousands of fire departments nationwide. The USFA provides training and education to firefighters, provides them with data which enables them to fight fires more efficiently and safely, and performs research on lifesaving protective clothing and gear as well as new fire suppression technologies. All of these activities could not be done as well, if atall, if the tight budgets of volunteer fire departments, without whom the Nation would be incapable of protecting lives and property without an enormous expenditure of money, money which I will hasten to say would be raised through local property taxes.  H.R. 1272 authorizes $29.6 million in fiscal year 1998 and $34.5 million in fiscal year 1999, a 3 percent annual increase over the administration's request of $28.7 million. The USFA needs the slight increase because the agency recently acquired a new mission.  The USFA's new mission, counter terrorism training for emergency response personnel, arose from the enactment of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act passed last year by the Congress and signed by the President. Counter terrorism training for first responders is an appropriate function for the USFA as it is frequently local fire and emergency departments who are first on the scene not only to battle fires, but also to react to acts of terrorism such as the bombings in Oklahoma City and the World Trade Center in New York. In fact, counter terrorism training complements and supplements many of the traditional first responder training programs currently offered through the National Fire Academy.  Following enactment of the Antiterrorism Act, money was appropriated to FEMA and the USFA in the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 1997 to begin counter terrorism training this year. The USFA's fiscal 1998 budget request includes for the first time an appropriation for this activity, without a corresponding increase in the overall budget request. During the committee's budget hearing on USFA, the administrator explained that request reflects the incorporation of counter terrorism training as a new, permanent mission of the agency and that the arson budget would be decreased in order to fund this mission.  As I have stated before, counter terrorism training is relevant and appropriately performed within the USFA. However, the Committee on Science feels that a slight increase in the budget is necessary in order to accommodate the new mission, while ensuring that the agency's core missions, including arson, are not negatively impacted.  The other sections of H.R. 1272 include: first, technical changes to the fire protection standards; second, a provision requiring that the administrator inform Congress in advance of any effort to privatize or terminate agency activities; third, a prohibition of funds authorized by this act for congressional lobbying; fourth, a limitation on unauthorized appropriations; fifth, a 5-year limitation on future grants to a person who received noncompetitive, merit-reviewed awards; sixth, a requirement that reprograming notices be required by the Appropriations Committees must be provided to the authorizing committees; and seventh, a sense of Congress resolution emphasizing that planning should begin immediately to assess and correct any computer systems affected by the year 2000 date-related software problem and requires the USFA to comply with the Buy American Act.  I understand that there is some confusion among Members about this bill based upon erroneous information that many offices received regarding the bill's authorization levels compared with fiscal year 1997 spending. The original appropriation to USFA for fiscal 1997 was $27.6 million. However, late last year Congress appropriated an additional $2.5 million to USFA for a new mission in counter terrorism training, which raised the spending level to 30.1 million in fiscal year 1997. This was in response to a supplemental request by the administration for funds authorized in the antiterrorism and effective death penalty act of 1996.  Let me be clear that the authorization levels in this bill of 29.6 million for fiscal 1998 and $30.5 million for fiscal 1999 are lower than the fiscal 1997 appropriated final level of $30.1 million.  Mr. Speaker, in closing I wish to thank the chairman, the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Schiff], and the ranking minority member, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Barcia], of the Subcommittee on Basic Research of the Committee on Science for their hard work on this legislation as well as the full committee's ranking member, the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown]. I urge the Houses's support of this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  