Chairman, this amendment reduces the amount for human space flight by $100 million to eliminate the request that has been made by someone for Russian program assurance in the Space Station Program. The $100 million was not requested either by NASA or by the administration, but suddenly appeared in the appropriation bill as a result of some negotiations that I do not think we really have gotten the full explanation for.  Let me say that if this amendment is adopted, NASA will get every penny for the space station that it has requested. The amendment allows for the full funding of the space station, and I think that NASA ought to be held accountable for the request that it has made and to build the space station according to the budget line that it has announced for a number of years.  The real shame that has occurred during the debate on this appropriation bill, in my opinion, is that some people have alleged that reducing the line for Russian program assurance places the space station in jeopardy.  Let me say that I have consistently supported fully funding the space station since day one. That continues to be my position. I believe we need a space station led by the United States and that the space station design that NASA has been with for the last 3\1/2\ years is a good one. We ought to fund it, we ought to build it, and we ought to put it in orbit.  On the other hand, I am very concerned that money in the reserves for the space station are being used to finance patching up failures of the Russian Government to do what it agreed to do, and by having $100 million extra in the space station account we are just encouraging the Russians to continue to delay and default because they know that the American taxpayer will end up picking up the tab for it.  I am opposed to it. I think that the majority of the American people are opposed to it. This is a question of accountability of NASA. NASA should tell the Congress and tell the American public exactly how much the agreement that they made with the Russians is costing the American taxpayer. Giving them $100 million more in Russian program assurance will just delay that day of reckoning.  I would urge the adoption of this amendment that just is a straight reduction of the $100 million, will be used to reduce the deficit if there is a lockbox amendment that ends up being approved. I think that this is prudent policy, and it also will make NASA accountable for the money that it spends.  