Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in support of H.R. 1273, the National Science Foundation Act of 1997. It is particularly appropriate that the House consider this legislation at this time because this week is National Science and Technology Week. This House can be proud of the work of the Members on both sides of the aisle in developing the blueprint of the 105th Congress for strong support of research, development, and science education.  The National Science Foundation provides funding to over 19,000 research and education projects in science and engineering annually. It does this through grants and cooperative agreements to more than 2,000 colleges, universities, K-12 schools, businesses and other research institutions in all parts of the United States. The foundation accounts for about 25 percent of Federal support to academic institutions for basic research.  This 2-year authorization improves our investment in America by strengthening our commitment to the National Science Foundation. The bill authorizes approximately $3.5 billion for fiscal year 1998. The bipartisan support for this bill demonstrates the committee's belief that the support of basic research will provide America with the lead role for science in the future. It is through basic research that we will make the fundamental discoveries that will become the economic drivers in the 21st century.  H.R. 1273 provides for $2.56 billion, or a 5.4-percent increase over fiscal year 1997, in the research and related activities account. In fiscal year 1999, the bill then further increases the RR account to $2.74 billion, a 7-percent increase over fiscal year 1998. The research and related activities account is NSF's primary account. It provides the resources that allow the United States to uphold world leadership in a variety of science and engineering activities.  This legislation follows through on the committee's commitment to improve math and science education. In the Education and Human Resources Directorate, the bill incorporates the President's request of $625 million, a 1.1-percent increase over fiscal year 1998, and then provides 3 percent growth in this program to over $644 million in fiscal year 1999.  The major research equipment account completes funding for the construction of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory Program, LIGO, for short. This account provides funds for two new programs: the Millimeter Array Radio Telescope and the Polar Cap Observatory. The MMA will be the world's most sensitive, highest resolution millimeter-wavelength telescope and will provide a testing ground for theories of star birth, galaxy formation and the evolution of the universe. The Polar Cap Observatory will provide new measurement capabilities for studying and monitoring space weather, the conditions in space environment that can influence the performance of satellites, affect power grids and disrupt telecommunications.  In addition, the bill provides for the one time, full authorization of the Antarctic Rehabilitation Program. As the distinguished chairman of the NSF's External Review Panel on Antarctic Programs, Norm Augustine, testified before our committee:       It's our belief we would not send a ship to sea or a      spacecraft to orbit in the condition of the facilities that      we have at the pole.  I am proud to say this legislation fully authorizes the resources necessary to rebuild the facilities in Antarctica and protect the health and safety of our scientists as well as the very fragile Antarctic environment.  In our drive to hold down expenses, the salaries and expense account of NSF has been held to approximately 2-percent growth in fiscal years 1998 and 1999. The committee commends NSF for their low overhead rate and expects them to continue to maximize efficiency and productivity.  Finally, the Office of the Inspector General is funded at the President's request for fiscal year 1998 and provided a 3-percent growth in fiscal year 1999.  I wish to express my appreciation to the chairman of the Basic Research Subcommittee, the gentleman from New Mexico [Mr. Schiff], the ranking minority member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Barcia], and the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown], ranking minority members of the full committee, for their efforts and support in crafting a bipartisan bill that received overwhelming support in the Committee on Science. I believe that this is an outstanding bill and urge Members to support H.R. 1273.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  