Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  And I, too, rise in strong support of H. Res. 1270 and want to commend our ranking member, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, for authoring this and helping to bring it to the floor. And I thank the majority for its support, including Chairman Payne, of this important resolution.  This resolution addresses the courage of those brave souls who took a stand for peace and democracy as they sought to block an arms shipment that was headed for Zimbabwe. I also strongly support this resolution's call for an arms embargo against the Mugabe regime.  In these dark days in Zimbabwe, it is encouraging that we recognize something positive, the efforts of those who have tried to stop the violence, the intimidation, and the bloodshed that have become the hallmark of the Mugabe regime.  It is no secret to the people of Zimbabwe or to those in the region that this regime has become the poster child for human rights abuses, but in order to bring about change in Zimbabwe those in the region and the wider international community have to take a real stand. That is what dock and freight workers did in the port city of Durban, South Africa, when a Chinese ship reportedly carrying millions of rounds of AK-47 ammunition, 1,500 rocket-propelled grenades, and thousands of other bombs for the Zimbabwean Defense Force came into port in early April. The dock and freight workers, as my colleagues have already told us, of the South African Transport and Allied Workers Union refused to offload the weapons--another reason why I like labor unions. They refused to get the blood of the people of Zimbabwe on their hands. With other civic groups of South Africa supporting the workers, a movement grew for an international boycott of the Chinese ship. Eventually, the governments of South Africa, Mozambique and Tanzania denied the ship permission to enter their ports.  Now I ask my colleagues to support a move to go a step further and support an international arms embargo against Zimbabwe for as long as Mugabe and his cronies are undermining democracy and using violence in that country. The more weapons that enter Zimbabwe, the more likely that Mugabe's forces will use them against their opponents.  H. Res. 1270 will send a message to the international community and to Mugabe himself that civilized nations will not sit by and allow him to run roughshod over his own people. It remains to be seen if China will see fit toplace principle over profit and ensure that its weapons stay out of Mugabe's hands. Its track record not just in Zimbabwe, but also in Sudan, has not been a good one, and so, frankly, I would not be that optimistic about China's performance in the future.  This is a good resolution, and I urge my colleagues to support it.  Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  