Madam Speaker, I want to thank my good friend and colleague from Florida for her yielding and for her very eloquent remarks, and for all of the fine statements that have been made on behalf of Chairman Tom Lantos.  Madam Speaker, as I think we all know, Chairman Lantos was one of the most gifted, articulate, smart, persuasive, and compassionate, and, I would add, courageous Members of Congress ever to serve. Over the years, I, like so many other colleagues here in this Chamber, got to know and deeply respect and honor this great man. We traded places as chairman and ranking member of the International Human Rights Subcommittee and worked seamlessly on North Korea, Sudan, human trafficking, child labor, Jewish Refusniks, and China, just to name a few of the very difficult issues that were confronted.  In the 1980s, Mr. Lantos played a significant role in dismantling atheistic communism in Eastern Europe, including his native Hungary, as well as in the Soviet Union.  A Holocaust survivor, Tom Lantos had a special, well-focused empathy for those who suffered torture, degrading, or inhumane treatment. He was especially vocal and determined when it came to liberating political prisoners, and was a champion on behalf of the Dalai Lama and Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi.  Tom Lantos was bold and he was incisive with both friend and foe alike, more often I am happy to say with the latter. In confronting dictatorship, he refused to allow the banalities and excessive niceties of modern-day diplomacy to obscure his clear and compelling message concerning freedom, democracy, and human rights.  On the issue of anti-Semitism, he had no equal. In the days immediately prior to the infamous September 11 attacks on America, Tom Lantos brilliantly defended both the United States and Israel at the U.N. racism conference held in Durban, South Africa, aworld conference that deteriorated into an anti-Semitic hatefest. His insights and recommendations are of particular importance and relevance as the United Nations gears up for what is likely to be Durban II.  He wrote at the time, ``For me, having experienced the horrors of the Holocaust firsthand, this was the most sickening and unabashed display of hate for Jews I have seen since the Nazi period.''  He went on, however, in a positive vein to say, ``The U.S. must urge friendly Middle Eastern countries to recognize the link between hate-mongering and violence. Arab states, meanwhile, need to look deeply within themselves, analyze their missteps, cease the inflammatory lies, and embrace the path of openness and political reform, realizing their citizens' positive energy.''  He went on to say, ``We cannot defeat terrorism if our coalition partners continue to peddle the hate that breeds it.  ``The Cold War ended with the collapse of international communism, but in the resulting vacuum, radical forces bent on spreading fundamentalist ideologies have arisen, propelled by the very globalization developments they often sustain. The U.N. World Conference on Racism provided the world with a glimpse into the abyss of international hate, discrimination, and indeed, racism. The terrorist attacks on September 11 demonstrated the evil such hate can spawn. If we are to prevail in our war against terrorism, we must take to heart the lessons of Durban.''  Vintage Tom Lantos, and as always, a man who was almost like a prophet, speaking boldly, incisively, and with great clarity. Finally, I want to say, Madam Speaker, that my wife, Marie, and I will deeply miss our dear friend Tom Lantos, and our prayers are with and for Annette and his family at this most difficult period of time.  