Mr. Speaker, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, Public Law 106-386, has made, I believe, an enormous positive difference in our efforts to end modern-day slavery, a nefarious enterprise that nets the exploiters billions of dollars each year.  The 7-year-old landmark law and its numerous reinforcing provisions to prevent trafficking, to protect victims and to prosecute to the max those who traffic, has been a model statute worldwide. Indeed, many of its provisions have been adopted into law in whole or in part by governments around the world.  Mr. Speaker, the TVPA of 2000 does not pull any punches. By naming the names of countries out of compliance with what we call minimum standards and by imposing smart sanctions that are prescribed in the act, the withholding of nonhumanitarian aid, for example, we have signaled to the world that ending this egregious practice is among the highest priorities of the United States.  By protecting the victims and not sending them back to their home country where they are often exploited in a vicious cycle of exploitation, we say to the victims we will make every effort to make you safe and secure. By prosecuting the traffickers and imposing serious jail time, we are telling these exploiters we are coming after you, we will hunt you down, and you are going to pay for your crimes.  Since the enactment of the TVPA, the traffickers here and abroad are increasingly likely to face prosecution and conviction. In the 7-year period before its enactment, DOJ prosecuted 91 suspected traffickers. In the last 7 years, the Justice Department has prosecuted 449, representing a 339 percent increase. The Department has secured 342 convictions and guilty pleas, compared with 74 in the same period prior to the act. And it has opened 822 new investigations, an almost five-fold increase over the 135 opened prior to implementation of the law. Worldwide, nearly 5,700 traffickers were prosecuted last year alone, and more than 3,400 were convicted.  Notwithstanding these successes, it is clear that more has to be done to destroy this mob-infested, criminal enterprise known as human trafficking. According to research sponsored by the U.S. Government and completed in 2006, approximately 800,000 people are trafficked internationally and millions more are trafficked within their country. According to the same research, the vast majority of transnational victims, almost 80 percent, are women and girls, and almost half of those 800,000 victims are minors. These figures are low compared to those posited by the International Labor Organization, which estimates 12.3 million people are subjected to forced labor, bonded labor, forced child labor, and sexual servitude.  The continued imperative to fight modern-day slavery was again brought home to me while I was in Russia last week. At the same time as I was participating in meetings with Russian officials about how to improve our respective countries' efforts to fight human trafficking, the news media was reporting that a man who was living in my home state of New Jersey--just outside my district--had been accused of engaging in sex trafficking. This individual with dual U.S-Russian citizenship allegedly was traveling to St. Petersburg and hiring out 13- and 14-year old girls from an orphanage as prostitutes after he himself had sexually abused them. This case highlights the fact that we all potentially have traffickers living in our neighborhoods, and we must do more to protect our children and children everywhere in the world.  The bill before us today, Mr. Speaker, is a very good piece of bipartisan legislation, and it aims to do just that by updating, expanding, and improving the TPVA.  There have been lessons learned since the first law was enacted 8 years ago and subsequently reauthorized in 2003 and 2005. They are incorporated into this legislation as we try to do an even better job in mitigating the suffering of the victims while simultaneously going after those who traffic and the countries that harbor traffickers who are also part of the problem themselves.  The bill is appropriately named after William Wilberforce, who was 21 years old when he was elected to the House of Commons in 1780. John Newton, the former slave captain turned convert to Christ, encouraged Wilberforce as well as others to fight the battle against slavery. Wilberforce agreed and then poured his heart into that battle.  Wilberforce once said: ``Never, never will we desist until we extinguish every trace of this bloody traffic to which our posterity, looking back to the history of those enlightened times, will scarce believe that it has been suffered to exist so long to disgrace and dishonor this country.''  He also said: ``So enormous, so dreadful, so remediable did the trade's wickedness quickly appear that my own mind was completely made up for its abolition.'' We need to fight with Wilberforce-like tenacity against this modern-day slave trade.  One of the most prominent provisions of the original TVPA was the establishment of the tier-ranking system that indicates how well or poorly a country is conforming to the minimum standards. We found when we created the watch list that some of the countries began to realize they could be ``parked'' there with no serious consequence for their failure. Tier 2 watch list countries found there was no penalty even though they made no improvements. That has to change: Two years and then you are off the watch list, up or down. If significant improvements fail to materialize, or the country fails to come up with a written plan to eliminate trafficking and devote sufficient resources to implement that plan, the country is put on tier three, subject to penalties.  Mr. Speaker, the William Wilberforce Act would also clarify a provision in the original TVPA--that should never have required clarification--that the Secretary of Health and Human Services must make initial determinations of benefit eligibility for minors who are potential trafficking victims, without the involvement of either the Attorney General or Secretary of Homeland Security. This should rectify an erroneous interpretation and application of the law by these agencies, and facilitate the immediate assistance desperately needed by children rescued from exploitative and traumatic situations.  Among the many other important provisions of this bill, calls for investigations by the Inspector Generals of the Department of Defense, State Department and the United States Agency for International Development, respectively, into ascertain contracts awarded by those agencies. The IGs' attention would be directed to contracts that carry a risk of encouraging human trafficking, including instances where a contractor or subcontractor may be engaging in the procurement of a commercial sex act. The reports to be submitted to Congress subsequent to these investigations will be valuable in ascertaining the commitment of our own government in combating human trafficking, and provide an example to be emulated by other governments as well.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would emphasize that effective cooperation, and especially the bipartisan cooperation we see here today, and partnership with other countries, is essential if we are to win this winnable war. Without it, we are doomed to either meager results or outright failure. With so many lives hanging in the balance, failure simply is not an option. None of us alone can stop human trafficking. Too much evil is involved here, and the prospect of making billions has enticed some of the most unsavory and cruel individuals on Earth, including organized crime. Too much demand, enabled by crass indifference, unbridled hedonism and misogynistic attitudes has turned people, especially women, into objects, only valued for their utility in the brothel or in the sweatshop. And the relative lack of visibilitymakes the task of combating trafficking all the more difficult.  Trafficking, like germs, infection and disease, thrives in shadowy and murky places. But the contagion slows and it even dies when exposed to the light. This legislation brings more light, bright light, to this problem; and it will act as a powerful disinfectant.  So the challenge to us today is to bring this new light, the bright light of sustained scrutiny and enacting good laws, like this one, and then implementing them aggressively. We need to employ best practices and well-honed strategies in order to win the freedom of the slaves and to spare others unspeakable agony.  Together, we can make the pimps and the exploiters pay by doing serious jail time as well as the forfeiture of their assets, their boats, their villas, and their fat bank accounts.  We can end this barbaric, cruel modern-day slavery. Make no mistake about it, this is a winnable war but we need to fight in a way so as to win. This legislation further propels us in that fight, and we will win this and the slaves will be free.  