President, I am delighted today to join my colleagues in paying tribute to a truly outstanding United States Senator, and that is Slade Gorton.  During Slade's recent campaign, I had the privilege of going to Seattle to speak at a luncheon organized for him by women who had once worked for him in the Senate and in his capacity as attorney general. I was not at all surprised to see so many women who felt so strongly about Slade's reelection. He is, and always has been, an oasis of inclusion, encouragement, and support for women in the workplace. He is one of those people who know how to encourage, how to mentor, and how to help women and men reach their full potential.  That certainly has been true in my own case. Even before I was sworn in as a new Senator some 4 years ago, Slade took me under his wing with advice on everything from choosing my committee assignments, to selecting my office space, to hiring my staff. He has continued to give me invaluable advice on a host of issues ranging from what our policy should be in Colombia and Kosovo, to how to take a different approach to education spending, to how to succeed in a tricky procedural situation.  Slade has always been someone to whom I could turn for advice, for answers, for good counsel. It has also been my pleasure to work with Slade Gorton on a host of issues such as education, children's health care, and the cost of prescription drugs. What I admire most about Slade is his intellectually rigorous, challenging, and creative approach to public policy. He simply does not go along with the conventional wisdom; he challenges it, constantly seeking new ideas and innovative approaches to solve thorny problems.  A perfect example of Slade's innovative style was his development of an entirely new approach to Federal education policy, one that recognized that local school boards, parents, and teachers know best what their children need.  As the architect of the Straight A's bill, Slade has been a leader in education in the Senate. I was very proud to cosponsor his innovative effort to bring academic achievement and accountability to our public schools.  Slade realized that when the Federal Government gives money to local schools, it should not come with dictates from D.C. on how it should be spent. He understood that it should, however, come with an expectation of results, and that is why he worked so hard to give local school boards, parents, teachers, and administrators, the freedom to decide how best to spend Federal money in exchange for holding them accountable for improving their schools. He changed the entire focus of Federal education policy from being focused on paperwork and process, to instead being focused on how much our students were learning, to a focus on student achievement and results.  Slade has also been an advocate for children's health. Not only was he an early supporter of the Children's Health Insurance Program, the S-CHIP program, but he has also worked for years to increase Federal research dollars toward autism. That hard work is about to pay off because his autism bill was included this year in the omnibus children's health bill which was signed into law last month. It will direct moreFederal dollars toward finding a cure and treatment for autism.  Slade Gorton has had an impact on this Senate in so many ways. Whether it is serving as a valued mentor to more junior Senators, such as myself, or being the architect of very important legislation or shepherding appropriations bills through an incredibly difficult procedural morass, Slade has been front and center in every debate in this Senate.  He has not only been a brilliant legislator; he has also been a wonderful friend. I will deeply miss serving with him, and I appreciate this opportunity today to pay tribute to a man who has not only been an outstanding Senator but a wonderful friend.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  