President, I am pleased to join with 35 of my colleagues tonight to introduce the Home Health Payment Fairness Act to eliminate the automatic 15-percent reduction in Medicare payments to home health agencies that is currently scheduled to go into effect on October 1 of next year. The legislation we are introducing will provide a measure of financial relief for home health agencies across the country that are experiencing acute financial problems that are inhibiting their ability to deliver much needed care to some of the most vulnerable senior citizens in our country.  America's home health agencies provide invaluable services that have enabled a growing number of our most frail and vulnerable Medicare beneficiaries to avoid hospitals and nursing homes and stay where they want to be--in the comfort and security of their own home.  Unfortunately, due to cutbacks in the Medicare program, home health agencies in my State and others are having a very difficult time providing services, particularly to elderly people with complex health needs. One has only to look at the statistics from my home State of Maine to see the impact of these very onerous budget cuts, as well as burdensome regulations imposed by the Clinton administration.  In Maine, in just over 2 years' time, there has been a 30-percent reduction in home health visits, which has resulted in more than 7,470 senior citizens losing their home health services in my State. There has been a 26-percent reduction in the reimbursements that have been provided to home health agencies in Maine. Mr. President, this situation cannot continue. The home health industry has already made an important contribution to reducing the rate of growth in Medicare spending. In fact, the spending cuts have been far beyond what Congress intended and what the CBO estimated.  In 1996, home health was the fastest growing component of Medicare spending. The program grew at an average annual rate of more than 25 percent from 1990 to 1997. As a consequence, the number of home health beneficiaries more than doubled and Medicare home health increased soared from $2.5 billion in 1989 to $17.8 billion in 1997.  This rapid growth in home health spending understandably prompted Congress and the Administration, as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, to initiate changes that were intended to slow this growth in spending and make the program more cost-effective and efficient. These measures, however, have produced cuts in home health spending far beyond what Congress intended. Home health spending dropped to $9.7 billion in FY 1999--just about half the 1997 amount. To cut payments by an additional 15 percent would put our already struggling home agencies at risk and would seriously jeopardize access to critical home health services for millions of our nation's seniors.  It is now clear that the savings goals set for home health in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 have not only been met, but far surpassed. According to the March 2000 Congressional Budget Office (CBO) baseline, Medicare home health payments fell by almost 35 percent in FY 1999, and this was on top of a 15 percent drop in FY 1998. In fact, the CBO cites this ``larger than anticipated reduction in the use of home health services'' as the primary reason that total Medicare spending dropped by one percent last year. The CBO now projects that the post-Balanced Budget Act reductions in home health will be about $69 billion between fiscal years 1998 and 2002. This is over four times the $16 billion that the CBO originally estimated for that time period and is a clear indication that the Medicare home health cutbacks have been far deeper and wide-reaching than Congress ever intended.  Moreover, the financial problems that home health agencies have experienced have been exacerbated by a number of burdensome new regulatory requirements imposed by the Health Care Financing Administration, including the implementation of OASIS, the new outcome and assessment information data set; new requirements for surety bonds; IPS overpayment recoupment; and a new 15-minute increment reporting requirement.  As a consequence of these payment cuts coupled with overly burdensome new regulatory requirements, cost-efficient home health agencies across the country have experienced acute financial difficulties and cash-flow problems, which have inhibited their ability to deliver much-needed care, particularly to the very Medicare beneficiaries who need it the most--individuals with diabetes, wound care patients, stroke patients, and other chronically ill individuals with complex care needs. Over 2,500 agencies--about one quarter of all home health agencies nationwide--have either closed or stopped serving Medicare patients. Others have laid off staff or declined to accept new patients with more serious health problems. In addition, according to a study by the Lewin Group for the American Hospital Association, these cutbacks have resulted in a 30.5 percent reduction in hospital-based home health services.  The effect of these home health cuts has been particularly devastating in my state. The number of Medicare home health patients in Maine dropped from 48,740 in June of 1998 to 41,269 in June of 1999, a decline of 15 percent. This means that 7,471 fewer Maine seniors are receiving home health services. Moreover, there was a 30 percent drop in the number of visits, and a 26 percent cut in Medicare payments to home health agencies in Maine.  Keep in mind that Maine's home health agencies have historically been prudent in their use of resources and were low-cost to begin with. Ultimately, cuts of this magnitude degrade patient care. The real losers in this situation are our nation's seniors--particularly those sicker Medicare patients with complex, chronic care needs who are already experiencing difficulty in getting the home care services they need.  The Balanced Budget Refinement Act did provide a small measure of financial and regulatory relief for home health agencies. It did, for example, delay the automatic 15 percent reduction in Medicare home health payments for one year. I do not think thatthis legislation went far enough, however: this automatic reduction should be eliminated entirely.  An additional 15 percent cut in Medicare home health payments would ring the death knell for the low-cost, efficient agencies which are currently struggling to hang on and would further reduce our seniors' access to critical home care services. Moreover, we have already far surpassed the savings targets set by the Balanced Budget Act. Further cuts are unnecessary. I therefore urge all of my colleagues to join with myself and Senators Bond, Baucus, Jeffords, Reed, Santorum, Abraham, Murray, Cochran, Feinstein, Hollings, Mikulski, Bingaman, Murkowski, Hutchison, Schumer, Torricelli, Edwards, Leahy, Enzi, Lugar, Cleland, Hagel, Snowe, Bennett, Gorton, Hutchinson, Helms, Allard, Lincoln, DeWine, Chafee, Ashcroft, Specter, Roberts, Brownback, and Voinovich in cosponsoring the Home Health Payment Fairness Act to eliminate this additional 15 percent cut in Medicare home health payments.  Mr. President, I hope my colleagues will join with me in providing much needed relief to America's home health agencies. Ultimately, if we don't act, the losers will be our senior citizens who depend so much on this important health care service.  Thank you, Mr. President.  