President, I come to the floor this afternoon to join the Presiding Officer and several of my colleagues in discussing an issue of critical importance to our national security. That issue is the continued proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and whether we are willing to take action, at this time, to stem this dangerous trend. I rise today in enthusiastic support of the amendment offered by the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Tennessee, Mr. Thompson, who has worked so hard to present a reasoned and reasonable response to this threat to world peace. Senator Thompson's amendment imposes sanctions on key suppliers of weapons of mass destruction.  Let me start by stating that while this is not a new problem, it does represent a growing threat. The United States has long been concerned about transfers of technology by the People's Republic of China that contribute to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. In the past few years, however, some of our worst fears have been realized. Let's just look at China's record: In June of 1997, the Director of Central Intelligence submitted a report to Congress stating that from July through December of 1996, ``China was the most significant supplier of weapons of mass destruction and technology to foreign countries.''  In July of 1998, the Rumsfeld Commission reported: ``China poses a threat to the United States as a significant proliferator of ballistic missiles, weapons of mass destruction, and enabling technologies.''  In January 1998, the bipartisan Cox report stated bluntly: ``China stole and used classified design information on the neutron bomb, and concluded that China stole design information on our most advanced nuclear weapons, including every nuclear warhead the United States currently has deployed.''  In July of 1999, yet another year goes by, but the same problem persists. The Deutch Commission concluded that ``weapons of mass destruction pose a grave threat to U.S. citizens and our military forces, to our allies, and to our vital interests in many regions of the world.''  Once again, in January of this year, the Director of Central Intelligence named China, Russia, and North Korea as ``key suppliers'' of such technology. And just last month, the CIA's latest report again lists China as the key supplier of weapons of mass destruction and missile technologies to rogue states.  We need no further proof. The record is crystal clear. The time has come to act. We should not continue to turn a blind eye to this grave threat to our national security and to world peace. The fact is, we know China is selling missile and chemical technology to Pakistan. We know China has also assisted Syria, Iran, North Korea, and Libya by transferring critical technology. In fact, the CIA's January 2000 report states that China is perhaps the most significant supplier of weapons of mass destruction and missile technology in the world. Let me repeat that: China is the worst proliferator of weapons of mass destruction and related technologies in the world.  We all know there is no easy panacea to this problem, no single answer. Senator Thompson's amendment provides reasonable and effective responses to proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, missile technologies, and advanced conventional weapons. This legislation is a step in the right direction to ensure that the United States no longer tolerates China's role in continuing to be the world's No. 1 proliferator of weapons of mass destruction.  This legislation has been revised to address legitimate concerns raised by the business community, our farmers, and the Administration. The amendment has been broadened to apply not only to China, but to other countries identified by the Director of Central Intelligence as other key suppliers of weapons--that list currently includes Russia and North Korea. This legislation ensures that appropriate action will finally be taken against these proliferators, that we will no longer ignore these serious transgressions, that we will no longer turn a blind eye to what is happening.  This amendment is well crafted. It provides for discretionary, not mandatory, sanctions against countries that supply proliferating technologies. Frankly, I think a case could be made for mandatory sanctions. But the author of this amendment has bent over backwards to make sure it is a reasonable, well-crafted response.  Another change was in the evidentiary standard. It has been raised for imposing mandatory sanctions for companies identified as proliferators to give the President more discretion.  My hope is we will pass this amendment by a strong vote tomorrow, that we will send a strong signal to China and to other countries engaged in proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, that we will tell them there will be consequences, there will be penalties in response to spreading weapons of mass destruction.  Now is the time for us to act. Let us enact these reasonable, well-crafted changes to our foreign and national security policies.  I thank the Presiding Officer for his leadership on this very important issue, and I also thank him for taking the chair so I could deliver my statement.  I yield the floor.  