President, I rise today on behalf of myself and my distinguished colleague from New York, Senator Schumer, to offer a sense-of-the-Senate resolution that addressesperhaps what is the most pressing transportation problem facing America today; that is, the outrageously high cost of gasoline. Retail gasoline prices have skyrocketed over the past months to a nationwide average of $1.63 per gallon. In my hometown of Caribou, ME, a gallon of regular unleaded gas costs $1.68. And that's if you pump your own. In the Midwest, gasoline prices have exceeded $2 a gallon. Yesterday, gasoline futures hit a 9\1/2\-year high on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Yet, just last year, gasoline prices averaged only 99 cents per gallon. What a difference a year can make.  This past March, Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson assured the nation that we would enjoy declining gasoline prices over the spring and summer and promised that we would not see gasoline prices at $2 per gallon. Unfortunately, $2 is exactly what many Americans now pay for a gallon of gas.  These high prices are the result of steadily increasing crude oil prices which, in turn, have been caused by OPEC's anticompetitive activity. Since the second quarter of 1999, OPEC has cut production by over 3 million barrels per day in a deliberate attempt to raise prices. Well, the strategy has worked. Although OPEC countries sold 5 percent less oil in 1999, their profits were up 38 percent. And the profits keep rolling in.  Early last fall, Senator Schumer and I began warning the Clinton administration that OPEC's production squeeze would have far-reaching, detrimental impacts on our economy. At that time, oil prices already were beginning to rise, and U.S. inventories were falling. Throughout the winter, Mainers and all Americans who heat with oil suffered from the highest distillate prices in a decade.  The administration's lack of a response has been as perplexing as it is disappointing. Last winter, Secretary Richardson admitted that the ``Federal Government was not prepared. We were caught napping.'' This is an astonishing explanation for the administration's lack of leadership. And now it's time for the administration to wake up.  The administration's ``energy diplomacy'' policy has proven to be a failure.  On March 27, the OPEC nations agreed to increase production, but at a level that still falls well short of world demand. At the time, Secretary Richardson proclaimed that the administration's policy of ``quiet diplomacy'' had worked and forecast price declines of 11 to 18 cents per gallon by mid-summer. Thus far, exactly the opposite has occurred. Gasoline prices are up some 12 cents per gallon since the OPEC announcement. Now predictions are not so rosy. As the Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration candidly noted in its June 2000 short-term energy outlook, ``we now recognize that hopes for an early peak in pump prices this year have given way to expectations of some continued increases in June and possibly July.''  Moreover, the EIA's June report warns that OPEC's anticompetitive scheme could place us next winter once again in the midst of another diesel fuel and home heating oil crisis. The report predicts that world oil consumption will continue to outpace production throughout this year resulting in, and I quote, ``extremely low inventories by the end of the year, leaving almost no flexibility in the world oil system to react to a cutoff in oil supplies somewhere or an extreme cold snap during next winter.''  It is past time for this administration to shift gears from quiet diplomacy to active engagement. The oil crisis we have faced for over a year underscores the fact that this administration has no energy policy, much less one designed to address the needs of America in the 21st century. Americans deserve a long-term, sustainable, cogent energy policy. But, in the short term, they also deserve some price relief. The amendment Senator Schumer and I have offered would do just that.  The amendment is straightforward. It addresses the sense of the Senate that the Secretary of Energy should use his authority to release some oil from our massive Strategic Petroleum Reserve through time exchanges, or ``swaps.'' The immediate commencement of a swaps policy would bring oil prices down while providing a buffer against OPEC's supply manipulations. Moreover, a well-executed swaps plan could, over time increase our reserve from its current level of 570 million barrels, at no cost to taxpayers.  Mr. President, the swaps approach advocated by our amendment would also give the administration leverage it has refused to bring to bear on the OPEC cartel. Quiet diplomacy has not worked. OPEC already has broken a commitment it gave to Secretary Richardson to increase production further if crude oil prices hit the levels they have reached over the past month. OPEC is scheduled to meet again on June 21 in Vienna. We need to show OPEC that we will not sit idly by as the cartel manipulates our markets and gouges us at the pump. The amendment Senator Schumer and I have offered is designed to send a strong signal to OPEC nations and to provide relief to the American consumer.  Mr. President, I am aware this amendment is subject to a procedural point of order, and therefore, Senator Schumer and I will be withdrawing it. Nevertheless, it is a very important issue.  I commend the Senator from New York for his leadership in working on this issue for so many months. We will continue our efforts. We are writing, once again, to the President, to urge him to immediately implement a swap plan as proposed by our amendment.  For the sake of all Americans who have felt the squeeze of skyrocketing oil and gas prices, we sincerely hope that the time has finally come for the administration to heed our call.  