 In 1997, Congress and the White House faced a large and seemingly intractable federal budget deficit and projection that the Medicare Trust Fund would be bankrupt by 2002 unless Congress acted. The rapid growth in Medicare spending and pending insolvency of the trust fund understandably prompted the Congress and the Administration, as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, to initiate changes that were intended to allow the spending growth and make Medicare more cost-effective and efficient.  These measures, however, have inadvertently produced cuts in Medicare spending far beyond what Congress intended. In 1997, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that the BBA would cut Medicare spending by $116 billion from 1998 to 2002. It now appears that the five-year impact of the BBA for hospitals, home health agencies and other Medicare providers is closer to $227 billion--almost twice the original estimates.  These deeper than expected cuts in Medicare spending, coupled with onerous regulatory requirements imposed by the Clinton Administration, are inhibiting the ability of hospitals, home health agencies, and other providers to deliver much-needed care, particularly to chronically-ill patients with complex care needs. While the Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999 did provide some relief, I believe that it is imperative that we do more. As we approach the end of the 106th Congress, we should have no higher priority.  I am particularly pleased that the package we are considering today provides overdue relief for our nation's rural hospitals. Small, rural hospitals in Maine and elsehwere face unique challenges in the delivery of health care services. Shortages of physicians, nurses and other health professionals make it difficult to ensure that rural residents have access to all of the care that they need. Moreover, Medicare reimbursement policies tend to favor urban areas and often fail to take the special needs of rural providers into account.  One relatively simple, but nevertheless important step we can take is to enable more small, rural hospitals in Maine and elsewhere to qualify for enhanced Medicare payments under the Medicare Dependent, Small Rural Hospital Program. I am therefore pleased that this bill includes legislation that I introduced, the Small Rural Hospital Program Improvement Act, to update the antiquated and arbitrary classification requirements that prevent otherwise-qualified hospitals from receiving assistance under this program.  Despite the fact that most of the small rural hospitals in Maine treat a disproportionate share of Medicare beneficiaries, none of them currently qualifies for this program. Not a single one. If updated in the way that this bill proposes, as many as nine Maine hospitals will be eligible for the program, which will qualify them to receive over $9 million in additional Medicare dollars each year.  The bill also includes legislation introduced by the senior Senator from Maine, Senator Snowe, to correct a drafting error that precluded some of Maine's sole community hospitals from benefiting from the rebasing provisions in the Balancing Budget Refinement Act. This provision will bring an additional $2.8 million in Medicare reimbursements to Maine's hospitals each year.  In addition, the legislation corrects the current inequity in the Medicare Disproportionate Share Hospital program that discriminates against rural hospitals that care for proportionately greater numbers of low-income patients. By treating rural hospitals the same as urban hospitals, as this bill would do, we will increase Medicare disproportionate share payments to at least 18 of Maine's hospitals by more than $8 million a year.  And finally, the legislation will provide increased Medicare payments to all Maine hospitals by providing them with a full 3.4 percent inflation increase in FY 2001, up from the 2.3 percent they would receive under current law.  Increasing Medicare payments rates is critically important to the hospitals in Maine. For the past several years, Maine has ranked 49th or 50th in the nation in terms of Medicare reimbursement-to-cost ratios. While hospitals in some states receive more than it costs them to provide care to older and disabled patients, Maine's hospitals are only reimbursed about 80 cents for every $1.00 they actually spend caring for Medicare beneficiaries.  As a consequence, Maine's hospitals have experienced a serious Medicare shortfall in recent years. The Maine Hospital Association anticipates a $174 million Medicare shortfall in 2002, which will force Maine's hospitals to shift costs on to other payers in the form of higher hospital charges. This Medicare shortfall is one of the reasons that Maine has among the highest insurance premiums in the nation. These provisions will not solve all of Maine's Medicare shortfall problems, but they will help to close the gap.  I am also pleased that this bill extends and increases funding for two diabetes research programs created by the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, one focused on juvenile diabetes and the other focused on diabetes in Native Americans. These two programs are currently only funded through 2002. The Medicare, Medicaid and S-CHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act would extend funding for these two programs for one year and increase their funding levels from $30 million a year to $100 million a year.  As the founder and Co-Chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I have learned a great deal about this serious disease and the difficulties and heartbreak that it causes for so many Americans and their families as they await a cure. We were all encouraged by the news earlier this year that twelve individuals from Canada appear to have been cured of their diabetes through an experimental treatment involving the transplantation of islet cells, and I believe that it is becoming increasingly clear that diabetes is a disease that can be cured, and will be cured in the near future, if sufficient funding is made available.  Last year, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which I chair, held an oversight hearing to determine if the funding levels for diabetes research at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) are sufficient. At the hearing, the Committee heard testimony from the Diabetes Research Working Group (DRWG), an expert panel that studied the status of diabetes research at the NIH and across the country. The study revealed that diabetes research has been seriously underfunded. According to the DRWG, diabetes research represents only about 3 percent of the NIH research budget, which is clearly too small an investment for a disease that affects 16 million Americans and accounts for more than 10 percent of all health care dollars and nearly a quarter of all Medicare expenditures. Moreover, the DRWG report found that ``many scientific opportunities are not being pursued due to insufficient funding,'' and that the current ``funding level is far short of what is required to make progress on this complex and difficult problem.'' According to the DRWG, the funding levels for diabetes at the NIH are roughly $300 million short of what is necessary to ensure that the promising scientific opportunities in diabetes research are realized.  The legislation we are considering today will help to close that gap and will make an enormous difference to the millions of Americans whose lives are affected every day by diabetes. By extending and increasing the funding for these two important research programs, we are providing the additional resources necessary to take advantage of the unprecedented opportunities for medical advances that should lead to better treatments, a means of prevention, and eventually a cure for this devastating disease.  Finally, I am pleased that the bill we are considering today does provide a small measure of relief to our nation's struggling home health agencies, and in particular to those agencies that serve patients in rural areas. I am, however, disappointed that it does not do more. I will therefore continue to push not just for a delay--as this measure proposes--but for a full repeal of the automatic 15 percent reduction in home health payments that is currently scheduled to go into effect on October 1, 2001.  The Medicare home health benefit has already been cut far more deeply and abruptly than any other benefit in the history of the Medicare program. An additional 15 percent cut in Medicare home health payments would ring the death knell for those low-cost agencies that are struggling to hang on and would further reduce our senior's access to critical home health services.  Moreover, the savings goals set for home health in the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 have not only been met, but far surpassed. The CBO projects that the post-BBA reductions in home health will be about $69 billion between fiscal years 1998 and 2002. This is over four times the $16 billion that Congress expected to save when it passed the 1997 law. Further cuts clearly are not necessary and the 15 percent cut should be repealed. To simply delay the cut for an additional year is to leave this ``sword of Damocles'' hanging over the head of our nation's home health agencies.  I have also been disappointed that the process under which we are considering this critical piece of legislation has not allowed for any amendments. The Home Health Payment Fairness Act, which I introduced with my colleague from Missouri, Senator Bond, to repeal the 15 percent cut currently has 55 Senate cosponsors. If I had been allowed to offer my bill as an amendment, as I had planned, it almost certainly would have passed.  Thank you, Mr. President, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important legislation.  