President, 25 years ago, the United States Congress made a commitment to pay each school in America 40 percent of the national average per pupil expenditure for every special education student it enrolled--Washington promised it would help our local communities meet the cost of educating students with special needs.  Unfortunately, the Federal Government has failed to meet this obligation, creating an unfunded mandate that must be borne by every state and community in America. For the current school year the average per pupil expenditure is $6,000, yet we have appropriated only $702 per student only 11.7% of the cost--slightly more than one fourth of out promise. To meet the Federal commitment, the budget resolution should assume an expenditure of $15.8 billion for this year. I commend Senator Domenici and the Budget Committee for recognizing the importance of this commitment and for providing a $1 billion increase in fiscal year 2001. But this is not enough, and we must do more--we must embark on a short path to full funding. We have the resources to do it, and the amendment before the Senate starts us on our journey to full funding.  What would this mean for our states and local school districts? Let's take Maine as an example. For this year the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act promises Maine $2,400 per student receiving special education services. However, the Federal Government will spend only slightly more than $702 per student--which means that Maine will receive $60 million less than it was promised. According to the U.S. Department of Education, the unmet mandate stands at an astounding $11 billion nationally. We can not continue to shift this burden to our local communities. We must meet the Federal commitment to help pay for special education and end this unfunded mandate.  Last month, I met with about 75 superintendents and principals from northern and eastern Maine to discuss the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. What was supposed to be a wide-ranging dialog about Federal funding under the ESEA immediately settled into a discussion about special education. They told me that in each of their schools and districts, meeting the special education mandate requires dollars that otherwise could be used for school construction, teacher salaries, new computers, and other effort to improve the performance of their students. They called on us to meet our promise to help pay for special education. They spoke with one voice in strong, unified support for more special education funding, not for new Federal programs.  The Jeffords-Collins amendment would means an additional $155 million for Maine schools over the next five years. Mr. President, we need to meet our commitment to bear our fair share of special education costs. When faced with the siren's call for new Federal programs, we must keep in mind what our parents, teachers, and local administrators have told us. If we want to do something for the children of America, let us fund special education, and our schools will be able to hire their our own teachers and build their own schools. The best thing this Congress can do for education is to move toward fully funding the Federal Government's share of special education--not to stand in place as the President's budget would have us do.  I urge my colleagues to support the Jeffords-Collins amendment and give our states and local communities the financial help they have been promised and so desperately need. Let's finally keep the promise made more than 25 years ago.  