President, I commend my colleagues, the chair and ranking member of the Public Health Subcommittee of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, for all of their efforts in bringing the Children's Health Act of 2000 to the Senate floor. This omnibus bill is the result of months of bipartisan collaboration and discussion between Members of both the House and the Senate in an effort to address important children's health issues in this Congress.  As the co-chair of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I am particularly pleased that the Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act, which I introduced earlier this year with Senators Breaux, Abraham, Craig, and Bunning, has been included in this bill. Our legislation--which was also cosponsored by Senators Grassley,Bingaman, Chafee, Roth, Hollings, and Schumer--will help us to reduce the tremendous toll that diabetes takes on our nation's children and young people, and I want to thank my colleagues for including it in the omnibus bill.  As noted in the recent cover story in Newsweek, diabetes is a devastating, lifelong condition that affects people of every age, race, and nationality. Sixteen million Americans suffer from diabetes and about 800,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. It is one of our nation's most costly diseases in both human and economic terms. Diabetes is the leading cause of kidney failure, blindness in adults, and amputations not related to injury. It is a major risk factor for heart disease and stroke and shortens life expectancy up to 15 years. Moreover, diabetes costs our nation more than $105 billion a year in health-related expenditures. More than one out of every ten health care dollars and about one out of four Medicare dollars are spent on people with diabetes.  Unfortunately, there currently is no method to prevent or cure diabetes and available treatments have only limited success in controlling its devastating consequences. The burden of diabetes is particularly heavy for children and young adults with type I, also known as juvenile diabetes. Juvenile diabetes is the second most common chronic disease affecting children. Moreover, it is one that they never outgrow.  As the founder of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I have met many children with diabetes who face a daily struggle to keep their blood glucose levels under control: kids like nine-year-old Nathan Reynolds, an active young boy from North Yarmouth, who was Maine's delegate to the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation's Children's Congress last year. Nathan was diagnosed with diabetes in December of 1997, which forced him to change both his life and his family's life. He has learned how to take his blood--something his four-year-old brother reminds him to do before every meal--check his blood sugar level, and give himself an insulin shot on his own, sometimes with the help of his parents or his school nurse. Nathan told me that his greatest wish was that, just once, he could take a ``day off'' from his diabetes.  The sad fact is that children like Nathan with diabetes can never take a day off from their disease. There is no holiday from dealing with their diabetes. They face a lifetime of multiple daily finger pricks to check their blood sugar levels and daily insulin shots. Moreover, insulin is not a cure for diabetes, and it does not prevent the onset of serious complications. As a consequence, children like Nathan also face the possibility of lifelong disabling complications, such as kidney failure and blindness.  Reducing the health and human burden of diabetes and its enormous economic impact depends upon identifying the factors responsible for the disease and developing new methods for prevention, better treatment, and ultimately a cure. The provisions of the Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act that have been included in the Children's Health Act of 2000 will do just that.  One of the most important actions we can take is to establish a type I diabetes monitoring system. Currently there is no way to track the incidence of type I diabetes across the country. As a consequence, the estimates for the number of people with type I diabetes from the American Diabetes Association, the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the National Institutes of Health vary enormously from 123,000 to over 1.5 million, a 13-fold variation. One of the best ways to define the prevalence and incidence of a disease, as well as to characterize and study populations, is to establish a national database specific to that disease, which our legislation would do.  Obesity and inadequate physical activity--both major problems in the United States today--are important risk factors for type 2, or non-insulin dependent diabetes. Unfortunately, obesity is a significant and growing problem among children in the United States, which has led to a disturbing increase in the incidence of type 2 diabetes among young people. This is particularly alarming since type 2 diabetes has long been considered an ``adult'' disease. Nearly all of the documented cases of type 2 diabetes in young people have occurred in obese children, who are also at increased risk for the complications associated with the disease. Moreover, these complications will likely develop at an earlier age than if these children had developed type 2 diabetes as adults. Our legislation therefore calls for the implemention of a national public health effort to address the increasing incidence of type 2 diabetes in children and young people.  In addition, the legislation calls for long-term studies of persons with type 1 diabetes at the National Institutes of Health where these individuals will be followed for 10 years or more. This long-term analysis of type 1 diabetes will provide an invaluable basis for the investigation and identification of the causes and characteristics of diabetes and its complications and it will also help to identify a potential study population for clinical trials. The legislation also directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to support regional clinical research centers for the prevention, detection, treatment and cure of type 1 diabetes. And finally, the legislation directs the Secretary of HHS to provide for a national program to prevent type 1 diabetes, including efforts to develop a vaccine.  Mr. President, these provisions will help us to better understand and ultimately conquer diabetes, which has had such a devastating impact on millions of American children and their families. It is therefore most appropriate that they be included in the Children's Health Act of 2000, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting it.  