President, the one thing that is certain is that every Member of this Chamber is committed to improving public education in America. In America, we differ on how to accomplish that goal.  Over the years, we have enacted Federal program after Federal program. There are dozens of Federal programs on the books, all in the hope of narrowing the gap in achievement between low-income students and high-income students. All of us want to narrow that achievement gap.  Each and every person here is committed to providing an equal educational opportunity to every child in America. But we have to look at the record. We have to look at the facts. When we evaluate in what direction we should go, we have to look at from where we have come.  The fact is that after 35 years and $120 billion spent on Federal education programs aimed at the disadvantaged, we have not achieved the goal of ensuring that children in high-poverty schools receive a good education. We know that children from poor families have just as many brains as children from wealthier families. We know that they have all the ability in the world. This is not about aptitude. It is not about the ability of these children. The debate is whether or not our current education system has served them well. The evidence suggests overwhelmingly that in too many cases our schools are failing these children.  Let's look at the statistics. Seventy percent of children in high-poverty schools scored below even the most basic level of reading. Seventy percent have disadvantaged children that are unlikely to graduate from high school if they are in high-poverty schools in the inner cities. Children in high-poverty schools score two grade levels below their peers in high-income schools when it comes to math and three grade levels when it comes to reading.  Again, the problem is not a lack of ability. These children have all the ability in the world. The problem is that we are not meeting their needs.  We can continue down the path we followed during the past 35 years--a path paved with good intentions but not producing good results.  We can try a new approach. We can try to be innovative. We can get away from the ``Washington knows best'' approach, and empower local school boards, teachers, and parents to work together with State education officials to make a real difference in the lives of these children. That is what our Republican bill would do.  I point out again that no State is forced to accept the increased flexibility in designing programs using Federal funds. If a State is content with the status quo, if a State believes that its schools are delivering the best education possible, it can continue with the status quo. It can continue along the path of receiving Federal funds, attached with Federal strings, attached with paperwork, and tied up with redtape. If that works fine with a State, then a State can continue with that system.  But a second alternative is for a State to enter into what is known as a performance partnership.  Under this approach, a State would have more flexibility in spending Federal dollars and can consolidate some Federal programs as long as the State can show improved student achievement.  Under the third and most innovative approach, 15 States would be allowed to participate in what is known as the Straight A's Program. Under Straight A's, a State would have great flexibility in combining Federal funds to meet whatever is the greatest need of that community.  The needs differ from community to community. One community may need to hire more math teachers. Another may need to concentrate on improving reading skills. Still a third may need to upgrade the science labs. The needs are not identical from community to community. Straight A's recognizes this and would allow a State to choose to consolidate Federal funds to meet the greatest need of that community. That is what this debate is about. It is about trying a new approach that could help ensure a brighter future for the disadvantaged children of America. That is our goal.  I yield the floor.  