Mr. President, I will start by commending the conferees on this legislation for their tremendous hard work. They have worked very hard to resolve many of the issues involved in this very complex bill, and they have made tremendous progress. I find it incredible that we are not allowing the conference time to complete its work when they have, indeed, made such progress.  The Senate-passed bill accomplishes three major goals: First, it would protect patients' rights and hold HMOs accountable for providing the care they promise. As Senator Frist says, our legislation would get people the care they need when they need it. You should not have to hire a lawyer and file a lawsuit and wait years in order to get the health care you need. Instead, our bill has a quick appeals process to help people get the care they need when they need it, without resorting to an expensive lawsuit.  Second, our legislation would improve health care quality and outcomes.  Third--and this is the critical difference between the two approaches being discussed today--our legislation would expand, not contract, access to health care. The fact is that costs matter. We cannot respond to the concerns about managed care in a way that resorts to unduly burdensome Federal controls and excessive lawsuits that drive up the cost of insurance so that we cause people to lose access to health care altogether. That is the crux of this debate.  We have a growing number of uninsured Americans in this country. There are 44 million uninsured Americans--the highest number in a decade. In my home State of Maine, 200,000 Mainers are without insurance. I have met with so many employers who have told me that if the Kennedy legislation passes, they will drop their health care plans. They simply cannot afford to be exposed to endless costly lawsuits in return for providing a health care benefit.  Just yesterday, I met with a manufacturer from Maine who has 130 employees. He is a good employer. He provides an excellent health care plan. But he told me that if he is going to be exposed to endless liability and endless lawsuits, then he will no longer provide that health insurance to his employees. Many other employers will respond the same way.  So the problem is, if we pass the Kennedy bill, we will drive up the cost of health insurance that will make it further out of reach for those uninsuredAmericans who already can't afford health insurance, and we will add to the number of uninsured Americans because of employers being forced to drop coverage. I can't imagine that that is a result we want. We should be seeking ways to expand access to health insurance, not imposing additional costs and new burdens that make it even more difficult for employers--particularly small businesses--to provide this important benefit.  Mr. President, let me also comment on the scope of this bill. Time and time again, I have heard our colleagues on the other side of the aisle say, oh, this bill doesn't protect millions of Americans. The fact is that every single American who is under an employer plan, under our legislation, would have the right to an appeals process as set forth in this bill. And that applies whether or not the plan is under a State regulation or in a State self-funded plan. That appeals right--which is the heart of our legislation, the single most important reform to ensure that people get the care they need when they need it--applies across the board.  Where the legislation differs is on the question of whether we should preempt--just wipe out--the good work that State governments have done in the area of patient protection. States have acted to provide specific consumer protections without any prod or mandate from Congress. In fact, 47 States have already passed legislation prohibiting gag clauses from being included in health insurance plans.  Why do we need to preempt that good work? We should recognize that it isn't a one-size-fits-all approach, that, indeed, a health insurance mandate in one State may not be appropriate in another. For example, the State of Florida, which has a high rate of skin cancer, provides for direct access to a dermatologist. That isn't a big problem in my State. Yet we have other needs. Each State has been able to tailor its health insurance plan.  Indeed, it has been States that have been responsible for the regulation of insurance for over 50 years. I daresay they have done a far better job in protecting the consumers of their States than we would have if we turned over the regulation of insurance to the Health Care Finance Administration. Do we really want to have Washington regulating health insurance in each of the 50 States? That is what the Kennedy bill would do.  There is a better way. We should enact a Patients' Protection Bill of Rights this year. We should protect a bill that is like the Senate bill. I am confident that, given time, the conferees will accomplish that goal.  Thank you, Mr. President.  