President, if we want to remain the world's most entrepreneurial country, which is certainly the strength of this Nation, where small businesses generate the ideas and create the jobs that fuel our economy, we must continue to create an environment that nurtures and supports entrepreneurs. Our bill would help to create such an environment, not by establishing a new Federal program or adding a complicated new section to our Tax Code but, rather, by simplifying and improving a provision that is already there.  By way of background, section 1202 was added to the Internal Revenue Code in 1993 in order to encourage investment in small business. The bill that created this section was introduced by senator Dale Bumpers and enjoyed widespread bipartisan support. Similarly, the legislation we introduce today will improve upon the 1993 legislation.  In brief, section 1202 of the Internal Revenue Code permits noncorporate taxpayers to exclude from gross income 50 percent of the gain from the sale or exchange of qualified small business stock, known as QSB stock, held for more than 5 years. The concept is a sound one. In practice, however, this section has proven to be cumbersome to use and less advantageous than originally intended.  As an article in the December 1998 edition of the Tax Adviser noted:       Section 1202 places numerous and complex requirements on      both the qualified small business and the shareholder.  The article went on to note that the provision ``is no longer the deal it seemed to be.''  The Encouraging investment in Small Business Act would amend section 1202 to eliminate unnecessary complexity and to make it a more robust engine of capital formation for small business. As it stands now, that engine needs some fine-tuning. Given the reductions in capital gains rates subsequent to section 1202's enactment and the fact that more and more taxpayers are now subject to the alternative minimum tax, section 1202 is no longer a viable option in many circumstances. Moreover, its impact will continue to be diluted by a scheduled decrease in long-term capital gains rates applicable to most stock purchased after the year 2000, as well as the probability that still more taxpayers will be subject to the AMT.  The Encouraging Investment in Small Business Act makes a number of improvements to this section of the code. First, the bill increases the amount of qualified small business stock gain that an individual can exclude from gross income from 50 percent to 75 percent. Second, the legislation strikes the section of the Tax Code that makes a portion of the section 1202 exclusion a preference item under the alternative minimum tax. These two changes rejuvenate the section and make it the potent generator of small business capital that it was intended to be.  Currently, an individual who invested in QSB stock, sold it, and found her or himself subject to the AMT, would face an effective capital gains rate of 19.9 percent or just .1 percent less than the existing rate on long-term capital gains. When we consider that the number of taxpayers subject to the AMT is predicted to triple over the next 5 years, it becomes crystal clear that a fix is needed now. The legislation would take additional steps to make section 1202 more attractive to small businesses and investors.  The legislation may sound complicated and, indeed, revising tax law is always a challenge, but the bottom line is that our legislation makes a number of common sense changes that are all designed to encourage more investment in small businesses, the engine of our economy.  These changes have been endorsed by the leading small business organizations. They are changes recommended by a recent Securities and Exchange Commission forum on small business capital formation, and they are the changes needed to accommodate and, indeed, to foster the capital-raising needs of small business, the foundation of our national economy.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  