President, I recently had the honor to serve as national co-chair, along with Senator Byron Dorgan, of the National Selection Committee for the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. This wonderful program, sponsored in partnership by The Prudential Insurance Company of America and the National Association of Secondary School Principals, recognizes outstanding young volunteers at the state and national level. Two state winners, one high school student and one middle school student, receive a $1,000 scholarship, a silver medallion, and a 4-day all expense paid trip to Washington, D.C. for themselves and their parents.  Chairing the National Selection Committee was both an eye-opening and a heart-warming experience. Reading about these young people's volunteer efforts, the remarkable sacrifices they made for the benefit of their communities, and the lessons they learned reaffirmed my faith in the generosity of the American spirit and in our future. I would like to commend Maine's two Spirit of Community award winners, Desirae Plourde of Fort Kent and Zachary Growe of Hampden, for being real American heroes.  Desirae, a senior at Fort Kent Community High School, has spent over 1,500 hours serving as a sign language interpreter for a hearing-impaired classmate who plays on her school's basketball, baseball, and soccer teams. Desirae, the only other student who knows sign language, attended a game one day and noticed how her friend struggled to understand her coach and fellow players, and how frustrated the team became when trying to communicate. She offered to interpret for him so that he could continue to play sports, and the school could benefit from his athletic talent. ``I was inspired to help because I saw my friend was in need and how much he loved playing the game,'' Desirae said. ``I share in his joy when he makes a great play and when the team wins.''  Zachary, an eighth grader at Reeds Brook Middle School in Hampden, helped coordinate a campaign that collected 800 used books for needy children. Zach says he enjoys reading so much that he can't imagine not owning a book. When his class decided to plan a service project, he pushed for a book drive. Zach and his fellow students wrote a plan and a time line, contacted school officials, designed promotional signs, and decorated book drop boxes. In the end, the drive yielded more than four times its original goal of 200 books. Zach and the group delivered the books to many area organizations including a local pediatric ward, and the local chapter of United Cerebral Palsy.  I am very proud of Maine's two honorees, Desirae and Zach, and congratulate them for answering the call of service and making a real difference in their communities. 