President, it is with great disappointment that I rise today to comment on the decision announced yesterday by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service to list as endangered Atlantic salmon in Maine. The decision represents an opportunity lost and reflects a process gone badly astray. It also raises serious questions about the mechanics of the Endangered Species Act, a law that I support, and how the Services have chosen to interpret and follow its dictates.  I rise also out of deep concern for the Atlantic salmon. The rivers of Maine once played host to magnificent runs of Atlantic salmon. Scores of fish returned each year to the streams where they were born after two- or three-year journeys out to sea, venturing thousands of miles off the coast of Maine, as far away as Newfoundland. The question is, ``What is the best way to protect and restore these extraordinary fish?''  Yesterday's announcement is no small matter to my home State. It has serious implications for the aquaculture, blueberry, cranberry, and forest product industries that form the backbone of the economy in the most economically challenged area of Maine. The cruel irony underlying the decision is that Maine believed it had laid the issue to rest some three years ago when the Services withdrew a proposed listing and joined with the State in pursuing the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan. On December 15, 1997, the Services announced they were withdrawing their proposed listing of Atlantic salmon to pursue a ``cooperative recovery effort spearheaded by the State of Maine.'' At that time Secretary of the Interior Bruce Babbitt announced:       We are unlocking the full potential of rivers in Maine and      opening a new chapter in conservation history. The governor      showed great leadership in forging this collaboration, which      will enhance the ecology and economy of the state for years      to come. The seven rivers will continue to attract more      anglers, boaters and other sportsmen who will help grow and      sustain new jobs and revenue as the rivers continue to stand      as a model for the nation.  At the same time, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere and NOAA Deputy Administrator Terry Garcia praised Maine's salmon conservation plan with these words:       This plan, which was developed by a state-appointed task      force with input and advice from federal fisheries      scientists, is an innovative effort to resolve the real world      conflicts that occur when preserving a species clearly means      rethinking traditional uses of a river. Our decision to      protect salmon through this plan rather than through a      listing under the Endangered Species Act highlights the ESA's      flexibility and our willingness to consider state-designed      plans.  Bruce Babbitt's and Terry Garcia's statements purported to highlight the ESA's flexibility and the Services' willingness to consider state-designed conservation plans. But the decision to list Atlantic salmon exposes the statements as hollow rhetoric and reflects a policy of inflexibility and of rejecting potentially effective state plans as alternatives to listing. In the end, Secretary Babbitt and Mr. Garcia reneged on their commitment to work with the state, within the framework of the state plan.  The Services have taken the implicit position that they are under no legally-binding obligation to abide by their earlier commitments to work with the state through the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan. In proposing the salmon listing, they abandoned the Plan, which the Services relied on to withdraw their 1995 proposal to list Atlantic salmon as threatened. Indeed, in withdrawing the proposed listing three years ago, the Services referred to the Plan as ``a comprehensive collection of measures and protective actions that offer[s] a positive benefit to the species'' and as a substitute for listing. Moreover, at the time, the Services signed a statement of cooperation with the State of Maine to support the Plan as the means toward restoring Atlantic salmon in the seven identified rivers.In short, the Services gave every indication that they were committing to the Plan as an alternative to listing the salmon under the Endangered Species Act.  And that is precisely how the ESA is meant to operate. Listing determinations may not be made until the Services take ``into account those efforts, if any, being made by any State * * * to protect such species.'' As one court recently put it, ``The ESA specifically requires [the Services] to consider conservation efforts taken by a state to protect a species.'' By its own terms, the ESA also encourages states ``to develop and maintain conservation programs.'' This means that the Services can and should rely on a competent state plan to avoid listing a species as threatened or endangered. In Defenders of Wildlife v. Babbitt, decided just last year, the court ruled that the Fish and Wildlife Service properly relied, in part, on a cooperative state/federal conservation plan to withdraw a proposed rule to list the flat-tailed horned lizard under the ESA. The court reasoned as follows:       The ESA was not implemented to discourage states from      taking measures to protect a species before it becomes      technically or legally ``necessary'' to list the species as      threatened or endangered under ESA guidelines. Rather, states      are encouraged to work hand in hand with other government      agencies and conservation groups to implement evolving      policies and strategies to protect wildlife over time. Though      the ESA regulations may represent many species' last chance      at survival, Congress surely did not intend to make it the      only chance at survival.  The court's decision in the Defenders of Wildlife case hits the nail on the head. The ESA encourages state/federal cooperative efforts to protect and restore species before listing is required. This goal is supported further by the Services' own regulations, which authorize Candidate Conservation Agreements between the Services, states, and private entities. These agreements are ``designed with the goal of precluding or removing any need to list the covered species,'' a goal shared by the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan. The Services' stated policies, too, profess to ``[u]tilize the expertise of State agencies in designing and implementing prelisting stabilization actions * * * for species and habitat to remove or alleviate threats so that listing priority is reduced or listing as endangered or threatened is not warranted.'' The Services also are working to establish criteria for evaluating the certainty of implementation and effectiveness of formalized state conservation efforts in order to facilitate the development of such efforts. Again, the goal is to make listing a species as threatened or endangered unnecessary.  In short, the Services are well-aware that the ESA encourages cooperative, responsible conservation efforts such as Maine's plan. Three years ago Commerce Department official Terry Garcia celebrated the Plan as ``highlight[ing] the ESA's flexibility and [the Services'] willingness to consider state-designed plans.'' Today, the Plan has been rejected as not ``adequately address[ing] the increasing threats salmon are facing from aquaculture, fish disease, habitat modification and catch-and-release fishing.'' No compelling record has been established indicating that the Plan has not met its interim goals. No request was made to modify the Plan. It was simply abandoned.  The Services contend that the proposed rule was the direct result of a status review that they conducted some time in 1999 and issued in October of that year. Yet, the Status Review is riddled with logical fallacies and unsupportable conclusions. Moreover, its timing presents cause for concern.  Under the ESA, ``species'' is defined to include any ``distinct population segment of any species of vertebrate fish or wildlife which interbreeds when mature.'' In other words, a subpopulation of a given species can be listed under the ESA if, indeed, it is distinct and self-contained. In the current circumstance, the Services rely on a supposed distinct population segment of Atlantic salmon remarkable only for its genealogical diversity. The population segment proposed for listing includes salmon in eight Maine rivers--each of which has long been under an intensive federal stocking program--and, curiously, does not include Atlantic salmon stocked in the Merrimack and Connecticut Rivers.  As far back as 1979, Congress expressed great concern about the Services' misuse of distinct population segments. In the report accompanying the bill to re-authorize the Endangered Species Act that year, the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, while acknowledging there may be some instances where different population segments of a single species are appropriate stated, ``Nevertheless, the committee is aware of the great potential abuse of this authority and expects the FWS to use the ability to list populations sparingly and only when the biological evidence indicates that such action is warranted.'' In this case, the population distinction proposed by the Services fails to meet the standard set by Congress due to both a long-running stocking effort and the use of a territorial boundary that has little to do with reproductive isolation.  The July 1999 Status Review documents a stocking effort in the Kennebec, Sheepscot, Ducktrap, Narraguagus, Pleasant, Machias, East Machias, and Dennys Rivers that dates back to 1871. Up until 1992, these various stocking efforts took no account of the river-specific genetics that form the basis of this proposed listing. In 1871, 1,500 parr from the Canadian province of Ontario were released into the Sheepscot River. That was the first of many instances of planned introduction of foreign salmon for the purpose of interbreeding into what the Services now claim to be a genetically distinct population segment. Over eight years in the 1960s, 136,500 parr and 65,700 smolt--100 percent of which came from rivers in Canada--were stocked in the Sheepscot river. As late as 1990 and 1991, 13 percent of a substantial stocking effort used fish from New Brunswick.  In fact, from 1970 to 1992, while many substantial stocking efforts occurred putting millions of fry, parr, and smolt in these Maine rivers, not a single effort used salmon from the home river. In a stocking program 128 years old, only in the last seven years have river-specific salmon been used. For the Services now to try to claim that the fish in the eight rivers constitute a distinct population segment after this massive, century-long effort designed purposefully to introduce fish from other rivers and other countries into the eight is plainly disingenuous.  The Biological Review Team acknowledges that historic stocking practices may have had an adverse effect upon the genetic integrity of local stocks but claims that the limited stocking abilities of these early efforts minimized interference with the genetic purity of these river stocks. This is inconsistent with other assertions in the biological review.  The Services claim escaped aquaculture salmon pose a grave threat to the river-specific genetics of the salmon they propose to list. On the one hand, the Services argue that the enormous stocking of non-river specific species did not change the genetic composition of these stocks because the 128-year stocking effort was primitive, even in 1991. Yet, on the other hand, the Services claim an estimated 113 suspected adult escapees in the last ten years from aquacultural facilities in the Gulf of Maine pose a grave threat to genetic makeup of these river-specific salmon. Simply put, the Services' position defies logic.  The ESA requires that a listing decision be made on the basis of scientific data relating to the status of the species taking into account state protection and conservation efforts. Nowhere does the ESA permit a listing decision to be driven by a national interest group's lawsuit meant to force a listing to occur. Yet, it appears this sort of motivation may underlie the Services' decision to abandon the Plan. I wrote Secretary Babbitt and then-Secretary Daley requesting documents concerning the listing process and, in particular, the decision to conduct the Status Review. The Status Review appears to have commenced shortly after a lawsuit was filed to force an emergency listing of the salmon. The documents shed light on the Services' motivations in ordering the Status Review and, ultimately, deciding to list Maine's Atlantic salmon.  I would like to take a few minutes today to share with my Senate colleagues what I found when I examined the documents provided to me by theServices, some pursuant to subpoena. I do so because the documents reflect a listing process that appears to have been badly out of step with the letter and spirit of the ESA.  It is important to keep some dates in mind. On December 18, 1997, the Services withdrew a proposed rule to list the very same Atlantic salmon under the ESA. Again, the withdrawal was made with much fanfare and was based in large part on the State's adoption of the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan. On January 27, 1999, Defenders of Wildlife and other plaintiffs filed suit against the Services claiming that the withdrawal was an arbitrary and capricious decision and seeking an emergency listing of the Atlantic salmon. Some time thereafter, the Services began a biological review of the status of Atlantic salmon in Maine. According to the Services, the review was completed in July 1999, though it was not released until October of the same year. In August 1999, a second lawsuit was filed against the Services. The two cases were eventually consolidated. Then, on November 17, 1999, the Services issued a proposed rule to list the Atlantic salmon as endangered. That proposed rule led to the recent listing decision.  More than anything else, the documents I requested show that concerns about losing the lawsuits influenced the Services ultimately to abandon the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan and to proceed toward an ESA listing. But the decision to abandon the plan was not easily reached. The documents show that, throughout much of 1999, the Services were in disagreement over whether to abandon the State plan. In a March 31, 1999 e-mail, for example, Department of Interior officials express dismay over the position of the Department of Commerce legal team, which purportedly believed that ``the state should be given every opportunity to accomplish the conservation measures accepted under the 1997 non-listing decision.'' According to this same e-mail, the Commerce Department legal team felt that NMFS could ``maintain a more productive relationship with the state if eventually forced to list by the court (as opposed to willingly listing).''  For its part, the Interior Department legal team apparently did not want NMFS to give the Maine plan a further chance. In an April 2, 1999 e-mail, an Interior Department lawyer wrote to a colleague at the Commerce Department that he had heard NOAA's general counsel had, ``without consulting [the Fish & Wildlife Service], recommended that NMFS give the state a list of conservation plan deficiencies and a delay of several months to address them.'' The e-mail continues: ``Today, I heard that NOAA Assistant Administrator for Oceans & Atmosphere Terry Garcia has picked up the idea and is running with it.'' The Interior Department lawyer went on to express his concern that giving Maine time to implement and improve the plan ``will appear political, and will be difficult to defend on scientific grounds.''  Another Interior Department attorney expressed her opposition to the NMFS proposal more pointedly. She argued that giving the State of Maine more time to conserve and restore Atlantic salmon through its plan would risk a loss in the ongoing salmon litigation. In her words, ``racking up another loss on conservation agreements'' such as Maine's would ``threaten'' the Service's ability to rely on such plans in the future in lieu of listing.  Yet this view was not shared equally by each Service. It appears that the Commerce Department was more optimistic that the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan could be relied upon as an effective defense to the ongoing litigation. Another e-mail, dated March 30, 1999 and between two Interior Department attorneys, notes a NMFS official's view that the state plan could provide ``a viable defense'' in the ongoing litigation. The Interior Department attorney disagreed, citing ``serious litigation risks'' and the potential for setting an adverse precedent that could ``extend to future actions in lieu of listing.''  The Services' differing stances on whether to support or abandon the State plan lasted at least into August 1999, mere months before the listing proposal was issued. An e-mail between two Interior Department attorneys, and which appears to have been written in August 1999, notes that ``NOAA management apparently still feels ESA listing over state opposition is wrong.'' The e-mail goes on to characterize a Commerce Department attorney's ``best scenario'' as the State of Maine agreeing to a ``friendly listing, perhaps as threatened.'' The notion of a ``friendly" threatened listing also appears in an August 17, 1999 e-mail between the same two Interior Department lawyers. The e-mail discusses the view of the Commerce Department attorney as follows: ``The Services could either immediately propose a threatened listing and start working on a 4(d) rule, or propose as endangered and back off to a threatened listing if the state plays ball for the next few months.''  These documents are disturbing because they show that legal considerations--and not ``solely . . . the best scientific and commercial data available,'' as required by law--motivated the Services' decision to abandon the state plan and list Atlantic salmon in the Gulf of Maine as endangered. Granted, there is a clear link between science and the viability of the Maine Salmon Conservation Plan. The plan is either effective in conserving and restoring Atlantic salmon, or it is not. But the fact that the Services differed as to whether the state plan could be relied upon as an effective defense in the salmon suits makes the decision to list appear more like a matter of litigation strategy than a matter of science. Indeed, in another e-mail, an Interior Department attorney explains the effort to complete the 1999 salmon status review as a means ``to support whatever action [the Services] take next.''  Ultimately, I believe that the Services should be able to rely on appropriate, effective state conservation plans in lieu of listing. At the same time, a state that makes the effort to craft an effective plan in cooperation with the Services, should be afforded assurances by the Services that the plan will not be abandoned, as Maine's plan was, after only one full year of implementation. A state should be encouraged to propose effective conservation plans and should be able to count on the Services' consistent support. A listing decision should not be affected by whether or not a state ``plays ball.'' It should be affected by the actions a state has made and commits to make to conserve and restore a given species.  I wanted to speak to my colleagues today in the hope that the experience Maine has undergone will not be repeated. One potential solution was suggested five years ago, by President Clinton. In a 1995 white paper recommending changes to the Endangered Species Act, this administration wrote the following:       To encourage states to prevent the need to protect species      under the ESA, the ESA should explicitly encourage and      recognize agreements to conserve a species within a state      among all appropriate jurisdictional state and federal      agencies. If a state has approved such a conservation      agreement and the Secretary determines that it will remove      the threats to the species and promote its recovery within      the state, then the Secretary should be required to concur      with the agreement and suspend the consequences under the      ESA that would otherwise result from a final decision to      list a species. The suspension should remain in place as      long as the terms or goals of the agreement are met.  Were such a standard adopted by policy or statute, Maine and other states would have the incentive to devise and fully implement effective conservation agreements. The alternative is what has taken place in Maine. A plan is announced with great fanfare and a listing proposal is withdrawn. One year and a lawsuit later, the Services reverse course, deeming the plan as unfit to rely upon as a litigation defense. This is the wrong result, and I would hope that during the next Congress, we can change the Services' policy or change the law to encourage responsible, effective state conservation plans.  Mr. President, in order to avoid taxpayer expense, I will not ask that the documents I referred to be printed in the Record. Instead, I will post the documents on my Web site. Thank you.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and, seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  