President, I rise today with my colleague, Senator Schumer, to submit a senate concurrent resolution expressing the Sense of the Congress that the Administration should act immediately to combat the anticompetitive campaign OPEC has waged on the world's oil markets. Through this resolution, we call upon the President and the Secretary of Energy to defend America's interests through the immediate release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. We are pleased to be joined by Senators Jeffords, Snowe, Lieberman, Moynihan, Levin, Leahy, and Dodd who are original cosponsors of this important legislation. We are also pleased to have the strong support of the American Trucking Association which represents 9.6 million people employed in the American trucking industry and their families. Perhaps no one has felt the pain for soaring oil prices more then they.  Today we ask the Administration to combat the unfair and anticompetitive practices of OPEC, and to ease the pain this cartel has inflicted--and will continue to inflict--on the people and businesses of the Northeast, the Midwest, and throughout America.  Last fall, Senator Schumer and I began cautioning the Administration about OPEC's production squeeze and the impact the cartel would have on our economy. At that time oil prices were rising, and U.S. inventories were falling. Throughout the winter, Mainers, New Yorkers, and all Americans who heat with oil have suffered from the highest distillate prices in a decade. The entire nation has suffered--and will continue to suffer--through increased gasoline and diesel fuel costs.  One year ago, the average retail price of a gallon of diesel fuel was 95.6 cents. Today, prices across the nation have skyrocketed. In my home state, diesel costs range from $1.60 in Bangor to $1.90 in Biddeford.  This jump in prices deeply harms truckers and, by extension, all American consumers and businesses. The trucking industry consumes nearly 30 billion of gallons of diesel fuel a year. At today's prices, that means truckers across the nation must shoulder $15 billion more in fuel costs this year, compared to last.  I have heard from small Maine trucking companies that are in dire straits. One owner of a trucking company in Ellsworth, Maine tells me that, due to particularly high fuel costs, many independent truckers she contracts with may not be able to stay in business. She says that owner-operators and small trucking companies cannot withstand the exorbitant price of diesel fuel for much longer and warns that immediate action is necessary. Potato farmers in northern Maine tell me they are having difficulty shipping their crop to market because the high cost of diesel has made it economically unfeasible to come to Aroostock County.  I was struck by a sign I saw on a rig two weeks ago when truckers converged upon Washington, demanding action from our government--it read: ``if you eat it, drink or wear it, it probably got to you by truck.'' This catchy slogan underscores the importance of trucking to our country and our way of life.  But everyone shares in the pain inflicted by OPEC. Yesterday, a barrel of crude oil closed at $30.43, a one hundred-fifty percent increase from one year ago. These high crude prices hurt all Americans--at the pump, on the farm, in the supermarket, at the airline ticket counter, and at home during cold winter nights.  OPEC member-countries have colluded to take some 6% of the world's supply of oil off the markets in order to maximize profits. The strategy's is working--although OPEC countries sold 5% less oil in 1999, their profits were up 38%.  OPEC's production squeeze has caused fuel reserves to shrink to historic lows. The Administrator of the Energy Information Administration--which is part of the Department of Energy--was quoted in The New York Times last week saying the fuel reserves in the Northeast were ``dangerously low,'' the lowest in 20 years, and that American's were ``skating on thin ice'' due to low fuel inventories. Indeed, we were told by the Energy Information Agency that distillate stocks in New England reached an all-time low last month.  We have been disappointed that the Administration has failed to heed our call over the past several months. But even now, it is not too late. A release of oil from the SPR would have an immediate impact upon the price of oil and would help break OPEC's resolve to maintain an iron grip on our nation's supply.  So today we offer a resolution calling upon the Administration to use the tools at its disposal to fight OPEC's unfair and dangerously harmful trade practices. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution.  