President, I rise today to speak on the importance of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program known as LIHEAP in helping low-income Maine families cope with the high cost of our long Maine winters.  As Callie Parker from Little Deer Isle, Maine, so eloquently testified before the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee earlier this year, heating your home during a Maine winter is a matter of life and death. When the cold reaches into the very marrow of one's bones, when a glass of water you left on a night stand freezes during the night should your furnace go out, you simply cannot get by without heat.  Unfortunately, not everyone has enough money to buy the fuel necessary to heat their home. Far too many Maine families have had to choose whether to buy groceries or to pay their rent or mortgage or to keep warm. These are choices that no one should be forced to make, but unless we increase funding for energy assistance now, these choices will become increasingly common.  Winter has not even officially begun, although you would not know that in the area of the country from which the Presiding Officer and I come. The high price of fuel and cold temperatures have already driven a record number of households in Maine to seek home heating assistance. Already the Community Action Program agencies in Maine have identified 28,000 households in need of LIHEAP funds to get through this winter. That compares to only 10,000 applicants at this time last year; in other words, it has more than doubled the amount of households seeking this kind of assistance. Another 19,000 families are waiting to be reviewed by the CAP agencies.  The problem is, there is simply not sufficient money. As this chart shows, a Maine winter exacts a steep toll. Today, in Maine, a gallon of home heating oil, on average, costs $1.56. Last year at this time, home heating oil in Maine went for $1.03 a gallon--and we thought that was very high. That number is high because just two years ago the average price of home heating oil in Maine was just 78 cents a gallon. In short, home heating oil prices have increased by 100 percent in just two years. For the 75 percent of Mainers who rely on home heating oil to keep their homes warm, this is a steep price to pay indeed. Those heating their homes with natural gas also are facing difficulties. Consumer prices for natural gas have shot up over 50 percent compared to last year.  As the second column on this chart shows, last year Maine's CAP agencies distributed an average of $488 to each household. That was the average LIHEAP benefit. Despite the rising costs of fuel, this year the Maine CAP agencies are able to distribute an average benefit of only $350.  So you see the situation we have, Mr. President, and see why it is such a problem. We have the price of home heating oil far higher than last year, and more than double what it was two years ago. The high cost of fuel has put more strain on more families, and as a result many more households need assistance. That has caused the average LIHEAP benefit to be cut significantly.  What does this mean? When the price of oil is 50 percent higher than last year, and the LIHEAP benefit is $138 less than last year, it means that people are not able to buy very many gallons of oil to heat their homes. Last year's LIHEAP benefit purchased 474 gallons of home heating oil. This year's benefit will purchase less than half that amount--a mere 224 gallons of oil.  So we have the worst of all situations. We have the price of home heating oil at record highs; we have the benefit amount having to be cut to less than last year's; and the result is that low-income families are able to purchase far less home heating oil.  And this year's winter is already shaping up to be colder than last year's. Mainers will need more oil to keep warm this winter, not less. When the furnace remains silent no matter how far you turn the thermostat dial, we need to be there to put oil in the tank.  The bottom line is we need to provide more assistance to more families.  The legislation before us today will provide an extra $300 million in LIHEAP assistance to be used this winter. And that is very helpful. It is almost a 30-percent increase above last year's funding level. I know how hard Senator Specter and Senator Stevens have fought for this significant increase. I thank them for their efforts on behalf of the thousands of Maine residents who will benefit greatly from these much needed funding increases. Yet it simply is not enough. With the price of fuel 50 percent higher this year than last, and with almost three times as many families in need of LIHEAP assistance this year compared to just 1 year ago, even a 30-percent increase will only go so far. It is certainly needed, and we are grateful for it, but we are still going to have a shortfall.  I am also concerned and disappointed that by placing the year 2002 funding for LIHEAP on the chopping block, the Clinton administration lacked the foresight to realize the obvious: This is not our Nation's last winter. There will be another winter next year; I can guarantee it. We must lay the groundwork now to allow the planning to occur that will ensure that people stay warm next year, too.  By eliminating the ``advance appropriation'' for LIHEAP for the next fiscal year, this appropriations bill has not laid any of the necessary groundwork for next year's winter. That will contribute to a supply crunch next fall, I fear.  I call on the President and the congressional leadership to make LIHEAP a top priority, not only this year but next year as well. I am pleased to see and applaud the language that was included in the managers' statement pledging to fund LIHEAP in the next fiscal year at this year's level or at a greater level. I would have preferred to see a commitment for advance funding, but I know the conferees will keep the commitment they have made.  Finally, I pledge my personal efforts to ensure that low-income families in Maine and throughout the Nation stay warm through our long winters.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, seeing no one seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  