President, I am pleased that the managers have accepted the amendment that I introduced with my colleague from Wisconsin. I thank the distinguished Chairman and Ranking Member of the Labor-HHS Appropriations Subcommittee for their assistance and support. Our amendment will improve access to automated external defibrillators, or AEDs, in rural areas, where they are sorely needed to increase the chance that individuals in these communities who suffer cardiac arrest will survive. Joining us in cosponsoring this amendment are Senators Jeffords, Biden, Enzi, Murray, Abraham, Wellstone, Bingaman, Robb, Kerry and Reed.  Heart disease is the leading cause of death both in the State of Maine and the United States. According to the American Heart Association, an estimated 250,000 Americans die each year from cardiac arrest. Many of these deaths could be prevented if automated external defibrillators were more accessible. AEDs are computerized devices that can shock a heart back into normal rhythm and restore life to a cardiac arrest victim. They must, however, be used promptly. For every minute that passes before a victim's normal heart rhythm is restored, his or her chance of survival falls by as much as 10 percent.  According to the American Heart Association, making AEDs standard equipment in police cars, fire trucks, ambulances and other emergency vehicles and getting these devices into more public places could save more than 50,000 lives a year. Cities across America have begun to recognize the value of fast access to AEDs and are making them available to emergency responders. In many small rural communities, however, limited budgets and the fact that so many rely on volunteer organizations for emergency services can make acquisition and appropriate training in the use of these life-saving devices problematic. Our amendment will increase access to AEDs and trained local responders for smaller towns and rural areas in Maine and elsewhere where those first on the scene may not be paramedics or others who would normally have AEDs.  I am pleased to be joined by my colleague from Wisconsin who has led this effort to increase access to AEDs in rural areas.  