President, today, on behalf of myself, Senator Breaux, and Senator Abraham, I am pleased to introduce the Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act. Both Senator Breaux and Senator Abraham have been leaders in the fight against diabetes.  Our legislation will help us reduce the tremendous toll that diabetes takes on our Nation's children and young people. Diabetes is a devastating, lifelong condition that affects people of every age, race, and nationality.  Sixteen million Americans suffer from diabetes, and about 800,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. It is one of our nation's most costly diseases in both human and economic terms. Diabetes is the leading cause of kidney failure, blindness in adults, and amputations not related to injury. It is a major risk factor for heart disease and stroke and shortens life expectancy up to 15 years. Moreover, diabetes costs our nation more than $105 billion a year in health-related expenditures. More than one out of every ten health care dollars and about one out of four Medicare dollars are spent on people with diabetes.  Unfortunately, there is no method to prevent or cure diabetes, and available treatments have only limited success in controlling its devastating consequences. The burden of diabetes is particularly heavy for children and young adults with type I, or insulin dependent diabetes, also known as juvenile diabetes. In type I diabetes, the immune system attacks the insulin-producing beta cell in the pancreas and destroys them. As a consequence, the pancreas produces little or no insulin. Juvenile diabetes is the second most common chronic disease affecting children. Moreover, it is one that they never outgrow.  As the founder of the Senate Diabetes Caucus, I have met many children with diabetes who face a daily struggle to keep their blood glucose levels under control: kids like nine-year-old Nathan Reynolds, an active young boy from North Yarmouth who was Maine's delegate to the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation's Children's Congress last year. Nathan was diagnosed with diabetes in December of 1997, which forced him to change both his life and his family's life. He has learned how to take his blood--something his four-year-old brother reminds him to do before every meal--check his blood sugar level, and give himself an insulin shot on his own, sometimes with the help of his parents or his school nurse. Nathan told me that his greatest wish was that, just once, he could take a ``day off'' from his diabetes.  The sad fact is that children like Nathan with diabetes can never take a day off from their disease. There is no holiday from dealing with their diabetes. They face a lifetime of multiple daily finger pricks to check their blood sugar levels and daily insulin shots. Moreover, insulin is not a cure for diabetes, and it does not prevent the onset of serious complications. As a consequence, children like Nathan also face the possibility of lifelong disabling complications, such as kidney failure and blindness.  Reducing the health and human burden of diabetes as well as its enormous economic impact depends upon identifying the factors responsible for the disease and developing new methods for prevention, better treatment, and ultimately a cure. The Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act, which I am introducing today, will do just that.  One of the most important actions we can take is to establish a type I diabetes monitoring system. Currently, there is no way to track the incidence of type I diabetes across the country. As a consequence, the estimates for the number of people with type I diabetes from the American Diabetes Association, the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the National Institutes of Health vary enormously--from 123,000 to over 1.5 million, a 13-fold variation.  According to noted epidemiologist Alex Languimer, ``Good monitoring does not necessarily ensure the making of right decisions, but it does reduce the risk of wrong ones.'' One of the best ways to define the prevalence and incidence of a disease, as well as to characterize and study populations, is to establish a registry specific to that disease. The bill I am introducing today directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), to create a National Registry on Juvenile Diabetes so that we can develop a national database on type I diabetes, including information about incidence and prevalence. The Secretary would also be directed to establish an advisory board of epidemiologists, clinicians, ethicists, patients and others to help guide this effort.  Obesity and inadequate physical activity--both major problems in the United States today--are important risk factors for type 2, or non-insulin dependent diabetes. Unfortunately, obesity is a significant and growing problem among children in the United States, which has led to a disturbing increase in the incidence of type 2 diabetes among young people. This is particularly alarming since type 2 diabetes has long been considered an ``adult'' disease. Nearly all of the documented cases of type 2 diabetes in young people have occurred in obese children, who are also at increased risk for the complications associated with the disease. Moreover, these complications will likely develop at an earlier age than if these children had developed type 2 diabetes as adults.  The Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act will direct the Secretary of HHS to implement a national public health effort to address type 2 diabetes among children, including: 1) enhanced surveillance systems and expanded research to better assess the prevalence of type 2 diabetes in young people and determine the extent to which type 2 diabetes is incorrectly diagnosed as type 1 diabetes among children; 2) assistance to States to establish coordinated school health programs and physical activity and nutrition demonstration projects to controlweight and to increase physical activity among school children; and 3) development and improvement of laboratory methods to assist in diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of diabetes.  In addition, the Collins, Breaux, Abraham legislation calls for long-term studies of persons with type 1 diabetes at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) where these individuals will be followed for 10 years or more. These long-term studies will examine disease manifestations, medical histories, environmental factors, development of complications, and other factors. This long-term analysis of type 1 diabetes will provide an invaluable basis for the identification of potential environmental triggers thought to precipitate the disease. It will also provide for the delineation of clinical characteristics or lab measures associated with the complications of diabetes as well as help to identify a potential study population for clinical trials.  Type 1 diabetes is considered an autoimmune disease, which results when the body's system for fighting infection turns against a part of the body. A variety of promising new approaches to treatment and prevention of autoimmune responses are currently under development. For the most part, however, these studies are conducted in adult populations. Moreover, at present, there is an insufficient infrastructure to conduct the clinical trials necessary to take advantage of new therapeutic approaches.  The Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act directs the Secretary of HHS, acting through the Director of the NIH, to support regional clinical centers for the cure of type 1 diabetes and through these centers, provides for: (1) a population of children appropriate for study; (2) well-trained clinical scientists able to conduct such trials; (3) appropriate clinical settings to house these studies; and (4) appropriate statistical capability, data, safety and other monitoring capacity.  And finally, the legislation directs the Secretary of HHS to provide for a national effort to develop a vaccine for type 1 diabetes. Animal studies suggest great promise for the development of a new vaccine to prevent type 1 diabetes in humans. The Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act provides for a combination of increased efforts in research and development of candidate vaccines, coupled with an enhanced ability to conduct large clinical trials in children.  The Pediatric Diabetes Research and Prevention Act will help us to better understand and ultimately conquer this disease which has had such a devastating impact on millions of American children and their families. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this important legislation.  