President, I rise today to introduce the St. Croix Island Heritage Act, legislation that will help develop a regional heritage center in Calais, ME, in time to commemorate an event of great historical and international significance: the 400th anniversary of one of the earliest settlements in North America, at St. Croix Island. I am pleased to have my senior colleague from Maine, Ms. Snowe, as a cosponsor of my legislation.  Planning for the regional heritage center is well underway. The residents of the St. Croix River Valley and organizations such as the St. Croix Economic Alliance and the Sunrise County Economic Council have worked hard to move the project forward. They commissioned a consulting firm to evaluate the market potential of the heritage center and to prepare preliminary exhibit and operating plans. They secured planning and seed money from the U.S. Forest Service, the city of Calais, local businesses, and others. And they have hired a full-time project coordinator to oversee development of the heritage center. Now they need assistance from the National Park Service, assistance that this bill would provide.  The regional center will preserve and chronicle the region's cultural, natural, and historical heritage. The Interior Department's role in the planning and development of the heritage center stems from the close proximity of the proposed site to St. Croix Island, the only international historic site in the National Park System.  In 2004, the United States, Canada, and France will celebrate the 400th anniversary of the first settlement at St. Croix Island. We have only 4 more years to prepare for a celebration of this historic event.  I have spoken before on the Senate floor about the historical significance of the settlement of St. Croix Island. It is a remarkable and little-known story that bears retelling. The story dates to the summer of 1604, when a French nobleman, accompanied by a courageous group of adventurers that included Samuel Champlain, landed on St. Croix Island and set about to construct a settlement. They cleared the island, planted crops, dug a well, and built houses, fortifications, and public buildings. In the process, they were aided by Native peoples who made temporary camps on the island. At the same time, Samuel Champlain undertook a number of reconnaissance missions from the island. On one, he found and named Mount Desert Island, now the home to Acadia National Park.  By October of 1604, the settlement was ready. But the Maine winter was more than the seventy-nine settlers had bargained for. By winter's end, nearly half had died, and many others were seriously ill.  The spring brought relief from the harsh weather. The colony was relocated to Port Royal in what is now Nova Scotia and, in 1608, Champlain and his fellow explorers founded Quebec.  According to the National Park Service, the French settlement on St. Croix Island in 1604 and 1605 was the first and ``most ambitious attempt of its time to establish an enduring French presence in the `New World' '' and ``set a precedent for early French claims in New France.'' Many view the expedition that settled on St. Croix Island in 1604 as the beginning of the Acadian culture in North America. This rich and diverse culture spread across the continent, from Canada to Louisiana, where French-speaking Acadians came to be known as ``Cajuns.''  Mr. President, thousands of people attended the celebration that marked the 300th anniversary of the settlementof St. Croix Island. The consul general of France and the famous Civil War hero General Joshua Chamberlain were among those who spoke at the event.  In four years, another century will have passed since the last commemoration, and we will celebrate St. Croix Island's 400th anniversary. There is much work to be done. In 1996, the U.S. National Park Service and Parks Canada agreed to ``conduct joint strategic planning for the international commemoration [of the St. Croix Island], with a special focus on the 400th anniversary of settlement in 2004.'' For its part, Parks Canada constructed an exhibit in New Brunswick overlooking St. Croix Island. The exhibit uses Champlain's first-hand accounts, period images, updated research, and custom artwork to tell the compelling story of the settlement.  The U.S. National Park Service, on the other hand, still has a ways to go. In October 1998, the Park Service did complete a general management plan for the St. Croix Island International Historic Site.  From a variety of alternatives, the Park Service settled on a plan that envisions an interpretive trail and ranger station at Red Beach, Maine and exhibits located in the regional heritage center up the road in Calais.  The bill I introduce today directs the National Park Service to facilitate the development of the regional heritage center in time for the 400th anniversary of the St. Croix Island settlement. It empowers the Secretary of Interior to enter into cooperative agreements with State and local agencies and nonprofit organizations to assist in this effort and authorizes $2.5 million for this purpose.  Mr. President, this bill authorizes and commits the National Park Service to follow a plan it has already endorsed to help commemorate a 1604 settlement of enormous historical significance. I believe that the 400th anniversary celebration and the heritage center in Calais will be a source of pride to all Americans of French ancestry.  I am very pleased to see that the distinguished chairman of the Energy Committee is on the floor. It is to his Committee that this legislation, I believe will be referred. I hope that it will be favorably reported and enacted this year.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  