President, I begin my remarks this morning by commending the Senator from Alaska, the distinguished chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, for his outstanding leadership in pulling together a plan to deal with the oil crisis.  He has been very attentive and responsive to the concerns of those of us who represent Northeast States. He has pointed out, correctly, time and again that one reason we are in such a bind where we are experiencing this oil crisis is that this administration has had no plan, it has had no policy. Thus, we have been particularly vulnerable to the manipulation of our oil markets by the OPEC nations.  I commend the Senator from Alaska for his leadership. It has been a great pleasure to work with him.  During the past winter, in Maine, home heating oil prices have more than doubled from the level of the previous winter. I point out, we still have a lot of winter left in New England. It is difficult to remember, when we are in Washington and surrounded by the cherry blossoms that are in full bloom and the tulips that are coming up, that in my home State of Maine we still have a considerable amount of winter yet to go through.  In fact, last weekend, when I was in Maine, in Aroostook County, the temperature was a very chilly zero degrees; and in southern Maine, in Portland, on Sunday morning the temperature was 9 degrees. The crisis, as far as the impact of home heating oil costs on my State--and on many New England States--has not yet eased. The crisis is very much still with us.  Moreover, we are now seeing the increase in oil prices affecting the cost of gasoline. According to the latest American Automobile Association survey, gasoline prices in Maine now average a staggering $1.62 a gallon. In some parts of the State, such as Aroostook and Washington Counties, the prices are even higher. And there is no end in sight.  The Department of Energy has predicted sharply higher prices for gasoline as the summer approaches. Again, this is a particular concern to my State of Maine. We are very dependent on the tourists who come to Maine to enjoy our beautiful scenery and outdoor recreation during the summer months. I fear that many of them will stay away if they are confronted with gasoline prices that approach, or perhaps even exceed, $2 a gallon.  The reason behind these soaring prices is simple. OPEC's decision to engage in unfair and anticompetitive practices to constrict the supply of oil and drive up the prices is responsible, primarily, for the crisis we face. This cartel inflicts--and will continue to inflict--economic hardship on the families and the businesses of the Northeast and throughout America. The results of the jump in oil prices may have been felt first in the Northeast, but they are rolling as thunder across America.  Let's look more closely at the primary cause of the oil crisis.  OPEC is a cartel of 11 oil-producing states that supply over 40 percent of the world's oil and possess over 77 percent of the world's total proven crude oil reserves.  OPEC member countries have colluded to take some 6 percent of the world's oil supply off the market in order to maximize their profits. And the strategy is working.  Although OPEC countries sold 5 percent less oil last year, their profits were up by more than 38 percent.  Last October, I began warning the Clinton administration about OPEC's production squeeze and the detrimental impact the cartel would have on our economy. At that time, oil prices were already beginning to rise and U.S. inventories were falling.  Throughout the winter, Mainers and all Americans who heat with oil have suffered from the highest prices in a decade. Gradually, the economic pain caused by OPEC has spread throughout the country. The entire Nation is suffering--and will continue to suffer--the results of record high fuel costs.  Last fall, the administration, in response to the concerns Senator Schumer and I and other Members expressed, told us what it is still telling us: Just wait and see. Be patient. We will somehow increase production. We will convince OPEC to raise production to normal levels.  We have waited and waited and waited. The cost of oil has gone from $20 to $25 to $30 to $34 a barrel. Energy Secretary Bill Richardson has admitted that the ``Federal Government was not `prepared' for this crisis. When he was in Maine, he said they had been `caught napping'.'' That is an astonishing admission of a lack of leadership by this administration.  The fact is, this administration has no plan, no policy, no approach for dealing with this crisis. It has no energy policy at all. The administration should act immediately to combat OPEC's manipulation of oil markets by using a tool that has proven effective in the past; that is, a measured release of oil from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve.  Along with Senator Schumer, I have repeatedly asked the administration to release some of the oil from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve into the marketplace. I have worked with the chairman to make sure it would be done in a way that did not in any way jeopardize our national security. It would not in any way drain the reserve, which has approximately 575 million barrels in its storages. This would ease the price.  Last November, again, Senator Schumer and I introduced a bill making clear the President's authority to act. Time and again, we called upon the administration to take some action to provide us with relief. On March 2, we introduced legislation calling upon the administration to draw down the SPR in an economically feasible manner using what is known as swaps. A release from the SPR would have an immediate and dramatic impact on the price of oil. It would help break OPEC's resolve to maintain an iron grip on our Nation's oil supply.  I will relate what has happened in the two past cases where we did have a measured release of oil from our reserves. In 1996, the administration sold oil from the SPR simply to raise revenue, and oil prices declined almost immediately by over 7 percent. That was in response to merely the announcement of a one-time sale of 12 million barrels. Previously, when President Bush tapped the reserves during the gulf war, prices dropped by 30 percent.  In proposing that we release oil from our reserves, I am pleased to have the very strong support of the American Trucking Association. Perhaps no one has felt the pain of soaring oil prices more than our Nation's truckers. The jump in prices deeply harms them and, by extension, all American consumers and businesses.  I have heard from a small Maine trucking company that is in dire straits. One operator of a trucking company in Ellsworth tells me that due to the high cost of diesel, many independent contractors with whom she contracts will simply not be able to stay in business. Potato farmers in northern Maine are concerned they are going to have increasing difficulty in shipping their crop because the high cost of diesel has made it economically infeasible for truckers to drive to Aroostook County. High diesel costs also hurt our lumber and paper industries.  Everyone shares in the pain inflicted by OPEC. Record-high crude oil prices hurt all Americans--at the pump, on the farm, in the supermarket, at the airline ticket counter, and at home during cold nights. These exorbitant prices even hurt our kids. Recently a newspaper in my State reported that the high cost of fuel is straining school budgets in Maine. Several schools have canceled all field trips because they have already depleted their budget for gasoline, diesel, and oil costs for the year.  I have been disappointed that the administration has failed to heed our call during the past several months. What makes the administration's failure to act even more perplexing is the fact some of the nations involved in the scheme to manipulate prices are supposedly our allies. They have depended heavily on American support in the past. These countries include Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and Mexico. I am so frustrated in particular with Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. We rescued these countries; 147 Americans gave their lives in the cause of freeing Kuwait and protecting Saudi Arabia.  I hope next week when the OPEC nation ministers meet they will decide to restore normal production levels. But we cannot wait. We have to keep the pressure on. We have to provide short-term and long-term relief.  There are other steps we could take. We should suspend the 3.4-percent gas tax hike while protecting the highway trust fund, and we must make clear to the OPEC nations that we will not stand idly by.  Again, I thank the chairman of the task force and of the committee for his excellent leadership. I look forward to continuing to work with him on this very critical issue.  