President, Americans today are leading healthier and longer lives than ever before. By the year 2030, one-fifth of our American population will be age 65 or older. Given the demographics of the 21st century, it is clearly in our national interest to encourage people to stay in the workforce longer. Today, however, older Americans age 65 through 69 are currently discouraged from working since they lose $1 in Social Security benefits for every $3 they earn over $17,000. I am, therefore, very pleased this week the Senate will consider H.R. 5, the Senior Citizens Freedom to Work Act, to eliminate the Social Security earnings test that unfairly penalizes senior citizens who need or want to keep working.  The elimination of this penalty will be particularly helpful to women. Women frequently have interrupted work histories because they take time off to raise their families. Historically, unfortunately, they also earn less than men. As a result, women are twice as likely to retire in poverty as men. Many women do not have sufficient savings or a private pension, and they depend upon the money they earn to supplement their Social Security benefits in order to make ends meet. These low-income seniors are particularly hard hit by the earnings test, which amounts to a 33-percent tax on their earned income over and above what they are already paying in Federal, State, and Social Security payroll taxes.  Moreover, the Social Security earnings penalty takes money away from seniors that is rightfully theirs. According to the Social Security Administration, 800,000 senior citizens sacrificed some of their benefits last year by exceeding the earnings limit. These were benefits they had earned through a lifetime of hard work in contributions to the Social Security system.  Finally, this penalty is most burdensome for those seniors who have to work and depend upon their income for survival. More well-to-do seniors generally supplement their Social Security benefits with what we refer to as ``unearned income'' from savings and investments, none of which is affected by the current earnings limit.  Earlier this month, in an overwhelming display of bipartisan cooperation, the House of Representatives voted unanimously to repeal this unfair penalty on our senior citizens. They voted to say no to discriminating against seniors and discouraging them from working. It is my hope the Senate will follow suit this week with another unanimous vote on this historic measure.  Our Nation's seniors should be free to work without penalty. Older workers have the skills, the wisdom, and the judgment that all employers value. Given our tight labor market and our historically low rate of personal savings, it simply does not make sense for Washington to discourage the most experienced workers we have from remaining in the workforce when they want to do so. I hope all of our colleagues will join me in passing this important legislation before the end of the week.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  