President, I thank the chairman of the committee, the Senator from Vermont, for his leadership in bringing this important legislation to the Senate floor. It is evident from the debate we have already heard that we are going to have, this week, a very vigorous and productive debate on the best way for the Federal Government to improve America's public schools, to improve teaching and learning. I look forward to the adoption of this legislation which will strengthen our K-12 education.  No endeavor is more important to our Nation's future than ensuring that all children reach high standards. That is exactly what the legislation before us demands.  The Educational Opportunities Act will put children first. That should be our goal as we consider this important legislation. We should put children first so that no child is left behind.  I recently had a schoolteacher in eastern Maine give me a pin that I am wearing today that says, ``Children First.'' If we keep that in mind, if that is our goal throughout this debate, then I am confident we will pass this legislation which will make a difference in the public schools of America and to the future of our children.  During the past 3 years, I have visited dozens of schools all over the State of Maine, from Kittery at the southern tip, to Jackman in the west, Rockland on the coast, and St. Agatha in the north. In fact, just last Friday, I visited two excellent schools in Kittery, ME, the Frisbee Elementary School and the Shapleigh Middle School, where I talked with students and they asked me wonderful questions for over an hour. It was a wonderful visit to these two schools.  I have seen firsthand the excellent jobs that Maine teachers and administrators are doing in educating our children. The quality of instruction taking place in Maine schools is, indeed, impressive, and it is producing results. Maine's scores on national tests and its rate of high school graduation proves that our State's public schools are among the best in the Nation. Moreover, Maine's public schools provide a good education for all of our children regardless of their family income or where they live in our State.  The recent report issued by the Council of Chief State School Officers shows that low-income students are performing nearly as well as the average of all Maine public school students, and that, of course, is our goal.  An important factor in Maine's success has been its ability to obtain waivers from Federal regulations. Let me repeat that. One reason that Maine schools have been successful is they have been able to get waivers from Federal regulations. Federal regulations in some areas have been an obstacle to their success. It is only because Maine's commissioner of education has been vigilant in trying to get waivers from Federal regulations that he has been able to move forward on a number of fronts to improve Maine's schools.  The most recent of the waivers that the State received gave Maine's schools more flexibility to use class-size reduction funds for teacher professional development. This is an option that the bill before us, S. 2, would give to all States.  Recently, I had a phone call from the chairman of a school board in a small community in Washington County. She conveyed the appreciation of that school district for the flexibility to use Federal class-size monies for teacher professional development. She put it well. She said: We don't need to reduce class size; what we need is funds for professional development.  Indeed, this school system is so small that it only received about $6,000 under the Class Size Reduction Program, not enough to hire a teacher, but they were able to put that money to good use by investing in professional development, a high need in that particular school system.  On a larger scale, Maine sought and was granted a waiver from Federal regulations to allow it to use a grant from the Comprehensive School Reform Demonstration Program to support the State's major reform initiative focusing on improving high schools.  That was to implement this excellent report that the State produced through its Commission on Secondary Education. It is called ``Promising Futures: A Call for Improving Learning for Maine's Secondary Schools.'' Although Maine has almost eliminated the performance gap between disadvantaged and advantaged students in the elementary schools, the Federal regulations require the State of Maine to use these funds only in the lower grades.  Fortunately, Maine was able to receive permission to move ahead on carrying out the recommendations put forth in this report by the Maine Commission on Secondary Education and to go forward with comprehensive reform in title I-eligible high schools.  Why should the State of Maine have to go to Washington and get special permission to pursue these critical reforms? That does not make sense. It is the people in Maine who know best what their schools need. The people in Maine, working hard on this commission, decided there needed to be more focus on improving Maine's high schools, and yet Federal regulations were an impediment to achieving that goal.  We have what I think of as a ``Mother, may I?'' approach to Federal regulation of our schools. Our States have to beg for permission to move forward. They have to seek waivers of regulations in order to pursue worthwhile programs.  The Educational Opportunities Act will give the States this option without the time-consuming and costly administrative burden of seeking waivers from all these Federal regulations. These Federal regulations are well meaning, they are well-intentioned, but too often they act as an impediment to reform.  Unfortunately, the performance in many other States' schools lags behindMaine's with large gaps between the performance of children in high-poverty areas versus low-poverty schools. Our goal as a nation, and the intent of the Educational Opportunities Act, is to help every public school succeed so that every student has the opportunity to achieve his or her full potential.  In many cases, education is the difference between prosperity and poverty, hope and despair, dreams fulfilled and lost opportunities. Fueled by the remarkable success of the dot-com generation, many areas of the United States have experienced unparalleled economic growth. However, between Silicon Valley and Wall Street, many Americans still live in the shadows of the new prosperity. Education is the best, perhaps the only way, to close the ever-widening economic gap in America. Indeed, the economic gap in America is largely an education gap. Moreover, education is the best way for us to stoke the fire of our Nation's economic engine.  The question before us as we debate the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act is: What is the proper role of the Federal Government in promoting excellence in every public school and helping every student succeed? We can all agree that our public schools must do a better job in teaching our children and that the Federal Government must also do a better job in supporting our public schools. The question is: How can we best accomplish that goal?  Seventeen years ago, the landmark study, ``A Nation at Risk,'' warned of declining performance in American schools and turned the Nation's eyes toward reforming public education. Today, however, too many schools, particularly in our inner cities, continue to fail to provide a solid education to their students. Although the United States spends more than $660 billion a year on education, nearly 60 percent of our low-income fourth graders cannot read at a basic level. Clearly, reforms are necessary to ensure that every child learns and achieves his or her full potential.  Recent polls show that the American public thinks our public schools are in a state of crisis. More than two-thirds of the people surveyed said in a recent poll that they are dissatisfied with the way public education is working, and nearly 50 percent gave our schools only a grade of C.  On the bright side, Americans are committed to fixing our public schools and eliminating mediocrity. Nearly every person surveyed said that improving our public schools should be a top priority.  The Federal Government clearly takes a back seat to States and communities in terms of funding and overseeing our public schools, and that is how it should be. The Federal role is, nevertheless, important, particularly for helping disadvantaged students. Unfortunately, Washington has not always been helpful, nor has it been successful in achieving that goal.  The Elementary and Secondary Education Act, first enacted in 1965 as part of President Lyndon Johnson's war on poverty, is the cornerstone of the Federal involvement in K-12 education. It is intended to provide financial assistance to States and school districts to improve education for children from disadvantaged families.  Today, title I remains the largest Federal program, funded at nearly $8 billion annually. But, after 35 years, and $120 billion spent, the results remain a disappointment.  The statistics are troubling and should give us pause:  Only 13 percent of low-income fourth graders score at or above the proficient level on national reading tests;  Two out of three African American and Hispanic fourth graders can barely read;  Half of the students from urban school districts fail to graduate on time; and  In math, fourth graders in high-poverty schools remain two grade levels behind their peers in low-poverty schools; in reading, they are three grade levels below their peers in schools in better neighborhoods.  We can no longer pretend that Federal programs have succeeded. We need a new approach. As these sobering statistics highlight, little progress has been made toward achieving the ESEA's fundamental goal of narrowing the achievement gap between low-income and higher-income students. We know that the gap can be narrowed. We have largely accomplished that goal up to eighth grade in the State of Maine. But, clearly, we are not doing all we can to assist States and communities in reaching this goal. Clearly, the approach we have taken during the past 35 years simply has not worked.  The Educational Opportunities Act gives the Senate the potential to do for education what it did for welfare a few years ago: end years of inflexible rules, provide new incentives, and focus Federal dollars on results.  Under the current system, Washington requires schools to spend an inordinate amount of time filling out forms and complying with bureaucratic mandates. As a result, our public schools spend more than 48 million hours each year on Federal paperwork. That is 48 million hours that could be spent on students; instead, it is spent on Federal paperwork.  The bill before us today will increase the authorization for Federal education funding without adding burdensome restrictions. It will create an environment focused on increased achievement, on results, on student learning, not on more bureaucracy and paperwork, and it will improve our public schools, not abandon them.  The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee held many hours of hearings on how to improve the effectiveness of the ESEA. The majority of the committee concluded that individual States, local school boards, teachers, and parents are far better prepared than Washington to make decisions about what their students need. So the committee decided to give States more options.  This legislation allows States to choose among three options for how to receive Federal funds. First, a State could decide to continue under the traditional ESEA approach of receiving formula grants for specific Federal programs for specific purposes as well as applying for competitive grants. In other words, if a State is content with the status quo, its schools can continue along that path. No one is forced to adopt a different approach.  The second option is for States to apply to the Secretary of Education to enter into a performance partnership. This approach gives States somewhat more flexibility in the use of Federal education dollars in return for an agreement to achieve specific results, in other words, in return for an agreement to show true improvement in student learning.  Under the third and what I believe to be the most promising and innovative approach, a State could apply, under the Straight A's Program, to be one of 15 States that will be given even more flexibility in spending Federal funds in return for strict accountability focused on student achievement. That is one of the major philosophical differences we are seeing in this debate. Our bill says that what is important is what students are learning. Showing achievement gains should be the bottom line.  Unfortunately, too many on the other side of the aisle are wedded to the old approach which says what is important is having Federal strings attached to every dollar and making sure the paperwork is filled out correctly.  The premise underlying the performance partnership and the Straight A's approach is similar. Instead of imposing a one-size-fits-all Federal mandate, the Federal Government would recognize that one community may need more math teachers while another may need to concentrate on improving reading programs, and that still a third may need to upgrade the science labs. The point is, it should be your community's decision, not Washington's.  The Educational Opportunities Act frees States from Federal control and redtape but only in exchange for increased student performance, increased student achievement gains.  Another important title of S. 2 includes the Teacher Empowerment Act. Other than involved parents, a well-qualified and dedicated teacher is the single most important prerequisite for student success.  The lessons are clear. We must encourage talented people to choose teaching as a career and keep them in the classroom. The Teacher Empowerment Act authorizes $2 billion for State and local efforts to improve the quality of teaching. It gives States and communities the freedom to use Federal dollars to provide effective professional development for our teachers; toprepare, recruit, and retain well-qualified teachers; or to reduce class size--whatever the priority is in that community.  Some States are also exploring alternatives to traditional teacher certification. I find it ironic that in public high schools in most States Alan Greenspan could not teach a class on economics, and our distinguished scholarly colleague, Senator Moynihan, could not teach a class on American Government.  I am not saying that subject matter expertise alone qualifies someone to teach, but surely we should give incentives to States to be more creative in pursuing alternate routes to certification. Our legislation would do just that.  I am particularly pleased that the bipartisan legislation that I introduced to help our Nation's rural schools has been included in this bill. I see my colleague, Senator Hutchinson from Arkansas, is on the floor. He is one of the cosponsors of this legislation.  Although my commitment extends to every student in every school--whether rural, suburban, or urban--I have a particular concern for the challenges that are unique to small school districts, especially those in rural areas.  Smaller rural schools face at least two problems under the current Federal system. First, they often receive very small amounts to carry out federally mandated activities.  One Maine school district in Frenchboro, ME, received a whopping $28 to fund a district-wide Safe and Drug Free School program--clearly, not enough to accomplish the goal of that Federal law.  Another school district in northern Aroostook County with 400 students receives four separate Federal grants, ranging from $1,900 to $9,500. Not one of these grants is sufficient to implement the goals of the Federal program, and each small amount comes with its own paperwork, redtape, and strings attached.  The second problem is that small school districts are essentially shut out of the competitive grant program. They lack the grant writers and other resources necessary to apply for and manage Federal grants that larger school districts are able to seek.  My legislation addresses both problems by allowing small school districts to consolidate the Federal funds for local priorities and to receive supplemental funds in lieu of applying for competitive grants.  These small rural districts could then use these funds to hire a new math or reading teacher, fund professional development, offer a program for gifted and talented students, purchase computers, or pay for any other activity that meets the community's priorities and needs. I thank the chairman of the committee for including my rural education initiative as part of his chairman's mark.  Education is more important now than ever before. A strong K through 12 education prepares students for the postsecondary education they will need to adapt to an increasingly dynamic marketplace and to have choices and opportunities throughout their lives. As Plato said centuries ago: The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life.  I look forward to continuing the debate on the Educational Opportunities Act and to assuring that America's public education system starts all children, from all backgrounds, regions, and income levels, toward a lifetime of learning, contributing to society, and achieving their dreams.  I yield the floor.  