President, let me begin by complimenting the Senator from Washington and the Senator from West Virginia for crafting an excellent bipartisan appropriations bill for these very important programs that matter so much to each of us in all our States. They have worked very well together and brought to the Senate for its consideration a bill that deserves support. I commend their efforts in that regard.  The amendment I am offering on behalf of myself and the senior Senator from Maine, Ms. Snowe, concerns an issue of tremendous importance and urgency to the State of Maine. The issue involves the Federal Government's proposal to list the Atlantic salmon in the State of Maine under the Endangered Species Act. More specifically, the issue before us is whether the Federal Government will support the efforts of the State of Maine and other organizations to restore and conserve the Atlantic salmon in our State. Our amendment would appropriate $5 million in emergency funds for this very purpose.  I will give all of my colleagues an idea of just how critical it is for these funds to be invested in our State this year. This situation is truly an emergency. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service have proposed to list certain Atlantic salmon in Maine as an endangered species. Under an agreement reached last month between the services and the two organizations that filed suit in Federal court seeking emergency listing of the salmon, the services have agreed to make a final decision on whether or not to list the Atlantic salmon as endangered by November 17 of this year.  I emphasize this point: The services have already given up their statutory and--what is usually a matter of course--routine ability to seek an extension of time in which to make a determination of whether or not to list the Atlantic salmon in our State under the ESA. In short, the time is now to demonstrate a Federal financial commitment to salmon in our State and that a listing under the Endangered Species Act is not necessary to conserve and restore Maine's magnificent Atlantic salmon.  The stakes are decidedly high and the services' rush to judgment unfortunate. A decision to list the Atlantic salmon under the ESA could threaten the livelihood of thousands of Mainers, particularly in the eastern part of the State of Maine. This is one of the most beautiful sections of our State; unfortunately, it is one of the most challenged economically.  At risk is a $68-million-a-year agriculture industry employing 1,500 Mainers, a $100-million-a-year blueberry industry supporting 8,000 jobs, a developing cranberry industry into which more than $500 million has been invested already, and a forest products industry that is the linchpin of Maine's economy. As Maine's independent Governor, Angus King, put it, a listing would be ``a devastating economic blow to a region of the State least able to endure it.''  The $5 million we are seeking would make a substantial contribution to salmon conservation and restorationefforts in our State. The funds would be made available to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, which has made a commitment to us to work very closely with the State of Maine to ensure that every single dollar is spent effectively. The funds would be used to assist in land acquisition and conservation easements to benefit Atlantic salmon, to develop irrigation and water use management measures, to minimize any adverse effects on salmon habitat, to develop and phase in enhanced agriculture cages to minimize the risk of escape, to install and upgrade weirs and fish collection facilities, and to conduct risk assessments, fish marking, and salmon genetics studies and testing.  The need for these emergency funds is right now. As noted, a listing decision is expected to be made early in the next fiscal year. The $5 million we are requesting needs to be appropriated prior to the Federal Government making its decision on whether or not to list the species, if it is to make a difference. We strongly believe that vigorous and effective salmon conservation and restoration efforts are needed in the State of Maine, but that listing the salmon as an endangered species is simply not the way to go. If these emergency funds are not appropriated this year, we will have missed an opportunity to convince the services that listing Atlantic salmon as endangered is not warranted. And we will have missed an opportunity of great importance to the people of Downeast Maine.  I thank the distinguished chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee for their invaluable assistance on this critical matter. Senators Gorton, Byrd, and Stevens have worked very hard to help us get to this point, and I have confidence that they will see this crucial amendment through to its enactment.  Mr. President, I understand that the amendment is acceptable to both managers of the bill, and I will urge its adoption following the remarks by the senior Senator from Maine.  