President, I am pleased that the Senate is considering S. 2528, the Rural Access to Emergency Devices Act of 2000, which I introduced with my friend from Wisconsin, Senator Russ Feingold. Our bill is intended to improve access to automated external defibrillators in small communities and rural areas to boost the survival rates of individuals in those communities who suffer cardiac arrest. Joining us as cosponsors of the bill are Senators Jeffords, Murray, Abraham, Wellstone, Hutchinson, Dorgan, Grams, Bingaman, Chafee, Enzi, Snowe, Grassley, Biden, Leahy, Robb, Kerry,and Durbin. I particularly want to thank the distinguished Chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, Senator Jeffords, for all of his assistance in helping us to expedite action on this important measure.  Heart disease is the leading cause of death both in the state of Maine and in the United States. According to the American Heart Association, an estimated 250,000 Americans die each year from cardiac arrest. Many of these deaths could be prevented if automated external defibrillators--or AEDs--were more accessible. AEDs are computerized devices that can shock a heart back into normal rhythm and restore life to a cardiac arrest victim. They must, however, be used promptly. For every minute that passes before a victim's normal heart rhythm is restored, his or her chance of survival falls by as much as 10 percent.  We have a number of new and improved technologies in our arsenal of weapons to fight heart disease, including a new generation of small, easy-to-use AEDs that can strengthen the chain of survival for cardiac arrest victims. These new devices make it possible for not only emergency medical personnel, but also trained lay rescuers, to deliver defibrillation safely and effectively. The new AEDs are safe, effective, lightweight, low maintenance, and relatively inexpensive. Moreover, they are specifically designed so that they can be used by non-medical personnel such as police, fire fighters, security guards and other lay rescuers, providing they have been properly trained. According to the American Heart Association, making AEDs standard equipment in police cars, fire trucks, ambulances and other emergency vehicles and getting these devices into more public places could save more than 50,000 lives a year.  Last December, the Bangor Mall installed an AED that is one of the first of these devices in Maine to be placed in a public setting outside the direct control of emergency medical personnel and hospital staff. Both the AED and an oxygen tank are kept inside a customer service booth, which is in an area of the mall where there is a high concentration of traffic and where heart emergencies might occur. Mall personnel have also received special training and, during mall hours, there is always at least one person who has been certified in both CPR and defibrillator use.  For at least one Bangor woman, this has been a lifesaver. On January 12th, just weeks after the AED was installed, two shoppers at the Mall collapsed in a single day. One was given oxygen and quickly revived. But the other shopper was unconscious and had stopped breathing. The trained mall staff--Maintenance Supervisor Larry Lee, Security Chief Dusty Rhodes, and General Manager Roy Daigle-- were only able to detect a faint pulse. They quickly commenced CPR and attached the AED.  It is important to note that defibrillation is intended to supplement, not replace standard CPR. These devices, which are almost completely automated, run frequent self-diagnostics and will not allow the administration of shock unless the victim's recorded heart pattern requires it. When the AED is attached, it automatically analyzes the victim's vital signs. One of two commands will then be voiced and displayed by the unit: ``Shock advised--charging''; or ``Shock not advised--continue CPR.''  In the Bangor Mall case, the shock was not advised, so CPR was continued until the emergency medical personnel arrived. The EMT's told Mr. Daigle, the General Manager of the mall, that the woman--who had had a heart attack and subsequently required triple by-pass surgery--simply would not have survived if they had not been so prepared. As Mr. Daigle observed, ``Twelve to fifteen minutes is just too long to wait for the emergency services to arrive.''  Cities across America have begun to recognize the value of fast access to AEDs and are making them available to emergency responders. In many small and rural communities, however, limited budgets and the fact that so many rely on volunteer organizations for emergency services can make acquisition and appropriate training in the use of these life-saving devices problematic.  The legislation we are considering today is intended to increase access to AEDs and trained local responders for smaller towns and rural areas in Maine and elsewhere where those first on the scene may not be paramedics or others who would normally have AEDs. Our bill provides $25 million over three years to be given as grants to community partnerships consisting of local emergency responders, police and fire departments, hospitals, and other community organizations. This money could then be used to help purchase AEDs and train potential responders in their use, as well as in basic CPR and first aid.  The Rural Access to Emergency Devices Act has been endorsed by both the American Heart Association and the American Red Cross as a means of expanding access to these lifesaving devices across rural America, and I urge all of our colleagues to join us in supporting this important measure.  