President, let me express my very sincere appreciation to the chairman of the committee and the ranking minority member for their cooperation in accommodating my amendment this evening. I am very grateful for their efforts.  My amendment is very straightforward. It simply removes the Perkins Act from the programs listed under the Straight A's proposal that is in this legislation.  I am a strong supporter of the Straight A's approach, but the Perkins Act simply does not belong in Straight A's, and I believe it was probably included as an oversight. There are threereasons why the Perkins Act should be separated from Straight A's.  First of all, the Perkins Act, which funds vocational education, is simply not part of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It is not part of the programs that we are reauthorizing. In Maine, and in many other States, secondary vocational education is operated on a parallel, independent system. In Maine, there are even restrictions on the ability of an academic high school to offer vocational education. Moreover, the Perkins Act and the ESEA have very different specific objectives, and they are not easily merged together.  The second reason is the Perkins Act authorizes programs at both the secondary and the postsecondary levels. Each State decides how to allocate its Perkins grant. In fact, 56 percent of Perkins funds go for postsecondary education, and in at least one State, all of the Perkins funds are used for postsecondary education.  In my State, the funds are allocated equally to secondary and postsecondary education, with the requirement that vocational high schools and technical colleges allocate 30 percent of their funding to training programs operated by the Maine adult education system.  The third reason is the Perkins Act was written to be part of the national workforce development efforts and is designed to coordinate it with provisions of the Workforce Investment Act, which the Senate successfully passed in 1998. If we pull out the Perkins Act funding, we will allow the intentions of Congress in redesigning the Workforce Investment Act to go forward.  In short, the Perkins Act does not belong in this legislation. It makes sense for us to take out the Perkins Act from the list of programs under Straight A's. It is not part of the ESEA, and as it is used, at least 56 percent of the funds under the Perkins Act do not go to secondary schools but, rather, to postsecondary schools.  I thank the chairman and ranking minority member for their cooperation in this effort and particularly for accommodating this amendment this evening.  I yield the floor.  