President, I thank the Senator from Florida. I rise to commend the Senator from Connecticut, the Senator from Florida, the Senator from Arkansas, the Senator from Louisiana, and all of those who have been involved in putting together the Lieberman amendment, for their efforts. It is a typical approach taken by the Senator from Connecticut to so many legislative issues, in that he is looking for a responsible and responsive approach that is innovative and attempts to bridge the partisan gap.  I don't support all of the provisions of the Lieberman amendment, but I commend the Senator and his cosponsors for recognizing that we do need to take a new approach, that we need to focus on whether or not our students are learning, rather than focusing on whether paperwork and regulations are complied with.  I commend the authors of this legislation for their efforts to focus the debate on giving States and local school boards more flexibility in using Federal funds to meet the greatest need in their communities. I also commend them for focusing on accountability, for making sure our Federal education efforts bear the fruit of increased student achievement, and help to narrow the gap that troubles all of us in the learning of poor children versus those from more affluent communities and affluent families.  One of the reasons we need more flexibility in using Federal funds can be found in Maine's experience under two Federal programs. Maine is fortunate in having small classes. In the classes in Maine, on average, the ratio is only 15 to 1.  So our problem and challenge is not class size. Yet Maine had to get a waiver to use the Federal class size reduction moneys for professional development which is, in many schools in Maine, a far greater need than the reduction of class size. One school board chair, from a small town in eastern Maine, wrote to me that they have received $6,000 under the Federal Class Size Reduction Program. Clearly, that is not enough to hire a teacher. They did receive permission from the Federal Government to use that effectively for professional development.  But my point is, why should this school system, or the State of Maine, have to get permission from the Federal Government to use those funds for the vital need of professional development?  The second example I have discussed previously, and it has to do with Maine's effort to narrow the achievement gap between poor and more wealthy students in high schools. Maine has done an outstanding job--and I am proud of this--in narrowing the achievement gap between disadvantaged and more advantaged children in the elementary schools. In fact, it has virtually disappeared. So that is not the need under title I funds for the State of Maine right now. We still, however, have a considerable gap when those title I children get to high school.  Maine came up with a very promising approach that was put out by the Maine Commission on Secondary Education that set forth a plan for narrowing the achievement gap among high school students. But, here again, it required a waiver from Federal regulations for Maine to use its funding for this purpose.  So, again, I do think we need more flexibility and accountability. I commend my friends on the other side of the aisle for their steps in that direction. I hope we can continue to work and see if it is possible for us to come up with a bipartisan package we could support that would help bridge the partisan gap and make a real difference in the futures of our students.  I yield the floor.  