President, I rise to urge my colleagues to support the pending amendment which I have offered on behalf of myself, Senator Kyl, Senator Coverdell, Senator Hatch, Senator Abraham, and Senator Bunning. I know the hour is late and I understand if I speak very shortly I will get more votes, so I will be very brief in describing my amendment.  We have worked together to craft an amendment to help our public school teachers when they either pursue professional development at their own expense or purchase supplies for their classroom. Our amendment has two major provisions.  First, it will allow teachers to deduct their professional development expenses without subjecting the deduction to the existing 2-percent floor that is in our Tax Code. Second, it will grant teachers a tax credit of up to $100 for books, supplies, and other equipment they purchase for their students. As Senator Kyl has noted, a study by the National Education Association indicates the average schoolteacher spends more than $400 a year on supplies and other materials for the classroom.  Our amendment would reward teachers for undertaking these activities that are designed to make them better teachers or to provide better supplies for their students. It is an example of a way that we can say thank you to teachers who do so much for our children.  While our amendment provides financial relief for our dedicated teachers, its real beneficiaries are our Nation's students. Other than involved parents, which we all know to be the most important component, a well-qualified and dedicated teacher is the single most important prerequisite for student success. Educational researchers have repeatedly demonstrated theclose relationship between qualified teachers and successful students.  Moreover, teachers themselves understand how important professional development is to maintaining and expanding their levels of competence. When I meet with teachers from Maine, they always tell me of their need for more professional development and the scarcity of financial support for this very worthy pursuit. The willingness of Maine's teachers to reach deep into their own pockets to fund their own professional development impresses me deeply. For example, an English teacher in Bangor, who serves on my Educational Policy Advisory Committee, told me of spending her own money to attend a curriculum conference. She then came back and shared that information with all of the English teachers in her department. She is not alone. She is typical of teachers who are willing to pay for their own professional development as well as to purchase supplies and materials to enhance their teaching.  I greatly admire the many teachers who have voluntarily financed the additional education they need to improve their schools and to serve their students better. I greatly admire those teachers who reach into their own pockets to buy supplies, paints, books, all sorts of materials that are lacking in their classroom. We should reward those teachers. Let us change the Tax Code to recognize and reward their sacrifice and to encourage more teachers to take the courses they need or to help supplement the supplies in their classroom. I hope those changes in our Tax Code will encourage more teachers to undertake the formal course work in the subject matter they teach, or to complete graduate degrees in either a subject matter or in education, or to attend conferences to give them more ideas for innovative approaches to presenting the course work they teach in perhaps a more challenging manner.  This amendment will reimburse teachers for just a small part of what they invest in our children's future. This money will be money well spent. Investing in education helps us to build one of the most important assets for our country's future; that is, a well-educated population. We need to ensure that our public schools have the very best teachers possible in order to bring out the very best in our students. Adopting this amendment is the first step toward that goal. It will help us in a small way recognize the many sacrifices our teachers make each and every day.  