President, I rise to offer an amendment to the Affordable Education Act on behalf of myself, the Presiding Officer--Senator Coverdell--and my good friend from Arizona, Senator Kyl.  We worked together to craft this amendment to help our public school teachers when they either pursue professional development at their own expense or when they purchase supplies for their classrooms.  Our legislation has two major provisions. First, it will allow teachers to deduct their professional development expenses without subjecting the deduction to the existing 2-percent floor that is in our Tax Code. Second, it will grant teachers a tax credit of up to $100 for books, supplies, and other equipment they purchase for their students. That is very common. As Senator Kyl noted earlier today, a study by the National Education Association indicates the average schoolteacher teaching K through the 12th grade spends more than $400 annually on supplies for the classroom.  Our amendment would reward teachers for undertaking these activities that are designed to make them better teachers or to provide better supplies for their students. It is an example of a way that we can say thank you to teachers who do much for our children.  Provisions similar to both of these components of our amendment were included in last year's tax bill. In this amendment, the definition of ``acceptable professional development activities'' has been changed to reflect the definition included in the Teacher Empowerment Act that Senator Gregg of New Hampshire and I introduced last year, and which we expect to be included in the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, which the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions is about to mark up. This definition sets high standards for the quality of professional development activities covered by our amendment, ensuring that such programs will help teachers truly excel in the classroom.  While our amendment provides financial relief for our dedicated teachers, its real beneficiaries are our Nation's students. Other than involved parents, which we all know to be the most important component, a well-qualified and dedicated teacher is the single most important prerequisite for student success. Educational researchers have repeatedly demonstrated the close relationship between qualified teachers and successful students. Moreover, teachers themselves understand how important professional development is to maintaining and expanding their levels of competence. When I meet with teachers from Maine, they always tell me of their need for more professional development and the scarcity of financial support for this very worthy pursuit. The willingness of Maine's teachers to reach deep into their own pockets to fund their own professional development impresses me deeply.  For example, an English teacher in Bangor, who serves on my Educational Policy Advisory Committee, told me of spending her own money to attend a curriculum conference. She then came back and shared that information with all of the English teachers in her department. She is not alone. She is typical of teachers who are willing to pay for their own professional development as well as to purchase supplies and materials to enhance their teaching.  Let me explain how our amendment would work in terms of real dollars when it comes to professional development. In 1997, the average yearly salary for a teacher was about $38,000. Under current law, a teacher earning this amount could not deduct the first $770 in professional development expenses he or she paid for out of pocket. So imagine, you are a teacher who is making about $38,000 a year and you are spending more than $700 in order to take a course to improve your teaching to help you be a better teacher. Yet because you don't reach that 2-percent floor that is in the existing Tax Code, you don't get a tax break for that first $770. You have to spend more than that before you can get the deduction. Our amendment would change that. It would see to it that teachers receive tax relief for all such expenses. Under our amendment, that $770 would be a deduction on the teacher's income tax form.  I greatly admire the many teachers who have voluntarily financed the additional education they need to improve their schools and to serve their students better. I greatly admire those teachers who reach into their own pockets to buy supplies, paints, books, all sorts of materials that are lacking in their classroom. We should reward those teachers. Let us change the Tax Code to recognize and reward their sacrifice and to encourage more teachers to take the courses they need or to help supplement the supplies in their classroom.  I hope these changes in our Tax Code will encourage more teachers to undertake the formal course work in the subject matter they teach, or to complete graduate degrees in either a subject matter or in education, or to attend conferences to give them more ideas for innovative approaches to presenting the course work they teach in perhaps a more challenging manner.  This amendment will reimburse teachers for just a small part of what they invest in our children's future. This money will be money well spent. Investing in education helps us to build one of the most important assets for our country's future; that is, a well-educated population. We need to ensure that our public schools have the very best teachers possible in order to bring out the very best in our students. Adopting this amendment is the first step toward that goal. It will help us in a small way recognize the many sacrifices our teachers make each and every day.  I am very pleased to have had the opportunity to work with the Senator from Georgia and the Senator from Arizona on this amendment. They haveboth been great leaders in education and in coming up with innovative ways to use our Tax Code to encourage better teaching. I urge all of my colleagues to join us in support of this modest but important effort.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  