President, improving education for all American children is our No. 1 priority in the Senate. It is No. 1 on our Republican plan.  Education is more important than ever before in our history. While education has always been the engine of social and economic progress, today it assumes more importance than ever before. Education is critical to allow people to fully participate in our increasingly technological society. Education is critical to narrowing the gap between the rich and the poor in this country, which is largely an educational gap. In fact, an individual with a college degree can expect to earn, on average, $17,000 more a year than an individual who only has a high school degree. Increasingly, education is important not only to our quality of life, not only to technological and medical breakthroughs, but to narrowing the gaps in our society and ensuring that everyone is able to have the quality of life he or she wishes to have.  By working with our parents, our teachers, our communities, and our States, our goal is to strengthen our schools so that every American child has the opportunity for a good education, so that no child, in the words of Texas Governor George Bush, is left behind. That is our goal.  A good education is a ladder of opportunity. It turns dreams into reality, it is responsible for improvements in our quality of life, and it enables a child to achieve his or her full potential. That is why I am a strong supporter of the Affordable Education Act, the legislation we are debating today.  The Presiding Officer knows I am a very strong supporter of public education. I would not support a bill I thought in any way weakened public education. The last time this bill was debated on the Senate floor--and again today--I heard suggestions that somehow this bill was a backdoor attempt at vouchers. Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, this legislation will allow American families to save for their children's future education--to save for college, for example. It will allow them to use the money they put aside to supplement public education in K through 12, to hire a tutor, for example, to pay for a school trip, to help to afford extra help by way of buying a computer. This will help parents help their own children with their own money that they are putting aside in an educational savings account.  I am particularly interested in this legislation because I think it will help parents afford higher education, which often seems to be an obstacle that many families question they can afford.  Creating the educational IRA, as this Congress did, was an important first step in encouraging families to save for higher education. But we need to go further, and the Affordable Education Act contains significantly improved benefits for families using educational IRAs to save for postsecondary education.  In the State of Maine, we have a terrific record of encouraging our students to complete high school. We have one of the best records in the country. But, unfortunately, we don't do as well encouraging students to go beyond high school. In that area, we lag behind other States. Yet we know how important higher education is. It is more important than ever before. As I talk with students and their families, school administrators, and teachers, I find that too many Maine families believe education beyond high school is simply beyond their means. This legislation will help them save for the cost of higher education. It will increase the annual amount a family can contribute to an educational IRA from $500 to $2,000.  Now, let's look at what that means and the difference that can make. That means if a family were saving the maximum amount of $2,000 each year for 18 years, starting at the child's birth, at a return of about 8 percent per year, they would have about $75,000 to pay for a college education. Now, that contrasts sharply with the $19,000 they would have under current law. That is important because $75,000 is an awful lot closer to the average cost of attending a private college for 4 years than $19,000 would be.  The Affordable Education Act also makes some important changes and improvements in prepaid tuition plans. That is another way we can help American families better afford higher education. Some of the provisions in this bill were originally proposed in legislation I introduced called the Savings For Scholars legislation.  For example, families will be allowed to roll over accounts without incurring tax liability from one prepaid plan to another. So if they move from one State to another with a different variation, they don't lose the benefits of that plan.  The legislation includes first cousins among the family members to whom a plan can be transferred should it not be needed or used by the child who was the original beneficiary. It will provide greater incentives for grandparents to establish prepaid tuition or to participate in prepaid tuition plans.  Another provision of this legislation, which I think is very important, is that it will eliminate the 60-month limit on the deduction of student loan interest. The second bill I introduced as a new Senator in 1997 allowed students to deduct the interest on their student loans. I am very pleased that a version of my legislation--and there were many others supporting that approach as well--was incorporated into the 1997 Tax Relief Act. But we found that there was a 60-month limit put on how long someone could deduct the interest on a student loan. This legislation eliminates that 60-month limit. That is going to be very important to students who attend graduate or professional school or who otherwise have incurred a large debt burden.  The impetus for the legislation I introduced back in 1997 came from my experience while working at a small college in Maine. Most of the students of this college--Husson College in Bangor, ME--were first-generation college students, the first members of their family to attend college. Eighty-five percent of them received some sort of student loan in order to be able to afford college. What I found is that many of them were graduating with a mountain of debt. They were worried about how they were going to be able to pay off those student loans. Allowing them to deduct that interest every month when they write that check, knowing they will be able to deduct that interest, is an enormous help to them. By eliminating that 60-month limit, we will help even more students and help make higher education that much more affordable.  Another important provision of the Affordable Education Act is the provision dealing with the National Health Corps scholarships exclusion. Because Maine is underserved in many of our rural areas for health care providers, this provision is particularly important to our State. What it would do is allow health care providers who had received these National Health Corps scholarships to exclude the cost of that scholarship from their gross income.  I have touched on just some of the very important provisions of this legislation. We know that investing in education and making it easier for families to afford education, whether it is helping at the K through 12 level or making higher education more affordable, is a good investment, that it is the surest and best way for us to build our country's assets for the future. We need to help more American families afford higher education. We need to strengthen our educational system. That is what this legislation will accomplish.  I urge all of my colleagues to join in supporting this legislation, which willmake a real difference to so many American families.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Collins).  