President, I rise today to express my strong support for S. 2323, the Worker Economic Opportunity Act. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which has broad bipartisan support in both the Senate and the House of Representatives.  In recent years, we have seen substantial growth in the use of employee equity programs such as stock options, stock appreciation rights, and employee stock purchase plans. This growth has not only been in the number of companies which offer such plans, but also in the employees to whom such plans are available. While long used as a form of incentive for corporate executives, equity programs are now available to more employees than ever. In fact, a 1998 survey by Hewitt Associates found that in excess of two-thirds of large U.S. companies offered stock options to non-executive employees, and more than a quarter of these companies make such plans available to their entire workforce.  Unfortunately, the Fair Labor Standards Act, which was enacted in 1938, does not recognize the importance of stock options as an employee benefit. Thus, when asked how to deal with stock options when calculating overtime pay for hourly-wage employees, the Department of Labor ruled that the options would have to be included in the calculations.  The end result of this decision left employers with two options: One, go through the burdensome task of recalculating an employee's regular pay rate, retroactively, based on the change in the value of the stock from the time the option was granted until it was exercised; or, two, do not offer any form of equity program to any employee who is not exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act.  Since complying with the Department of Labor's onerous ruling would not likely be worth the benefit of offering an equity plan, the vast majority of companies would be left to face option two, thus eliminating the use of a benefit that is popular with both employers and employees.  Recognizing the need to remedy this matter, for the good of companies and workers alike, a bipartisan group oflegislators worked to craft the bill we have before us today, the Worker Economic Opportunity Act. This legislation would exempt employee equity programs from the overtime requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act, just as profit sharing and holiday bonus plans are exempted. In addition, the bill protects employers who offered employee equity programs prior to the date this legislation is enacted.  This legislation will allow employers to offer the kind of benefits which will allow them to attract a quality workforce, while providing employees with a benefit they truly want. It is all too rare for Congress to come up with a win-win solution to a problem, but in this case we certainly have.  Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.  