President, I first want to thank the managers of this bill, Senator Domenici and Senator Reid, for bringing this appropriations bill to the floor in a bipartisan fashion and for making this time available to us tonight.  I am very pleased to join with my good friend and colleague from the State of New York, Senator Schumer, in offering this important amendment to the Energy and Water Appropriations bill. As my colleague has explained, this amendment is straightforward. It would establish a Presidential commission to help us develop a comprehensive, sustainable energy policy. The time is long overdue for this Nation to have an energy policy. Unfortunately, the current administration has failed to develop one.  Last year when the home heating oil crisis gripped the Northeast, the Energy Secretary, Bill Richardson, was very forthright. He admitted that the Federal Government had been caught napping and said that we simply were not prepared.  Due largely to OPEC's anticompetitive manipulation of our oil markets, we have been experiencing dramatic price increases that have rippled throughout the four corners of this Nation. This year consumers have paid 47 percent more for gasoline. Truckers have paid 46 percent more for diesel fuel. And Northeasterners have paid 81 percent more for home heating oil than they did just one year earlier.  In my home State of Maine, this problem is reaching crisis proportions. Seventy-five percent of all Maine households use home heating oil, consuming an average of 800 gallons per year. Last year, the average Maine household spent $320 more than it did the previous year simply to heat with oil. Of course, heating with natural gas provided little relief as natural gas prices have also soared. And the outlook for this year is even worse.  Meanwhile, although OPEC countries sold 5 percent less oil in 1999, their profits were up by 38 percent.  Today, as a year ago, we find ourselves turning the corner toward cooler weather and another looming home heating oil price crisis. All signs indicate that this one will be even worse than last year's. Consider that crude oil closed Friday at $33 per barrel, up from $22 a year ago. Last week heating oil futures hit their highest level since October of 1990. At the same time, as my colleague has pointed out, home heating oil and natural gas inventories are down. Indeed, distillate stocks are roughly 10 million barrels lower than the administration predicted just last month. In fact, stocks of crude oil, gasoline and heating oil in the United States have not been at levels this low since the mid-1970s, when our economy was thrown into turmoil due in large measure to a volatile oil market. Compounding the problem, the demand for distillate fuel is predicted to increase significantly this winter.  In short, the fast approaching winter looks bleak. And judging from the most recent comments of OPEC officials, it is clear that we cannot expect any real relief from the cartel.  As my colleague has pointed out, there is no consensus in the Congress or in the administration about what approach we should take in developing a national energy policy. Policymakers differ on what can be done to provide relief to American consumers.  My friend from New York and I have been advocating for some time that the administration implement a responsible plan to swap oil from our well-stocked Strategic Petroleum Reserve to satisfy market demand and provide some price relief to American consumers. Others in this Chamber advocate different approaches. But I believe we can all find common ground with the notion that, in the long term, we need to conduct a comprehensive study of our oil and natural gas industries in order to develop a strategy to stabilize fuel prices, to explore alternative energy sources, and to reduce our reliance on foreign oil supplies. Our amendment would take an important first step in accomplishing these goals through the creation of a bipartisan energy commission.  I very much appreciate the fact that the managers have been working with us on this legislation, which I hope they will accept. With that, I yield the floor.  