Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of H.R. 2746, the HELP Scholarships Act. The title of this legislation is very appropriate--HELP Empower Low-Income Parents--because H.R. 2746 gives parents greater choices to provide their children with a better education. One of the most contentious battles looming before us today is the battle to save our children by improving education. But now is the time to stop talking about saving schools and start talking about saving students. We must put partisan politics aside and debate the merits of legislation based on what is best for our children, not what is best for the education bureaucracy.  Every child is unique and has different needs from the education system. Public schools may not be the answer for everyone, yet lower income families have no other choice. The system is clearly failing these students when you hear statistics like 40 percent of all 10 year olds can't meet basic literacy standards, U.S. eighth-graders placed 28th in the world in math and science skills, and almost a third of today's college freshman require some remedial instruction.  This bill helps the poorest of our nation and gives their children a chance that they never had to get a quality education. In some cases, that will mean staying in a public school or going to a nearby magnet school. In others, it will mean attending a private or parochial school. But who do we think we are to stand in this chamber and dictate where every child must attend school? We are elected to represent those families, not to dictate their lives. The parents should be the ones to decide which school is right for their child. By means testing this program, as the legislation mandates, it will guarantee that only the lowest income families will be eligible to receive scholarships for their children. No one can claim that this bill is just another way to subsidize middle class parents sending their children to private schools. Scholarships would only go to students whose families are at or below 185 percent of the poverty rate to cover the cost of tuition at any private, public or religious school located in the impoverished neighborhood.  This bill is about helping parents help their children. I want the parents and children in my district to have access to the best education possible. As a lawmaker, I owe it to future generations. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2746.  