Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde], the chairman, for the good work in moving this important bill forward.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today with the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie] in support of the Veterans' Cemetery Protection Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from Florida [Mr. McCollum], chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, for moving this bill forward, and again certainly the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] for their help and guidance in getting this bill to the floor so quickly. I particularly want to thank the Committee on the Judiciary for the perfecting amendment at the subcommittee markup.  Mr. Speaker, whenever a young man or woman decides to enter the military, they do so voluntarily, in order to protect our country and guard us against the uncertainties of the world. Sometimes they make the ultimate sacrifice. Over 1 million Americans have died fighting this country's wars. That is why it sickens me when I hear of degenerates desecrating our national cemeteries.  In June 1996, Riverside National Cemetery, the second largest in the Nation next to Arlington, fell prey to a thief who stole bronze markers from 128 graves, who later sold them for a profit. Horribly, this theft was discovered on Father's Day by family members who had come to pay their respects. On April 19, vandals spray-painted racist and profane words on cemetery walls at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii, located inside the district of the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie].  Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. The Veterans' Cemetery Protection Act would stiffen criminal penalties for theft and malicious vandalism at national cemeteries.  H.R. 1532 will require the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend the sentencing guidelines to enhance penalties resulting from national cemetery desecrations and theft. The bill increases by four levels the punishment levied by a judge if the offense involves the willful injury or depredation against a national cemetery. It also increases by six levels the punishment levied by a judge if the offense involves the knowing theft, conversion, or unlawful sale or disposition of national cemetery property. Judges will continue to have the discretion of applying fines up to $250,000 in such cases.  H.R. 1532 seeks to protect the 114 VA national cemeteries, along with other cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Interior.  Joseph Frank, national commander of the American Legion, stated,       Deliberate acts of vandalism against the final resting      place of America's fallen comrades must not be tolerated.      According to the Paralyzed Veterans of America News,      Demeaning and degrading the final resting place of veterans      who made the ultimate sacrifice for the Nation and their      loved ones strikes at all veterans and all Americans.  This bill addresses their concerns. The Veterans' Cemetery Protection Act has received the endorsement and support of numerous veterans and military organizations. I wish to recognize and thank the men and women of the Non-Commissioned Officers Association of the United States of America, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the American Legion, the Fleet Reserve Association, the Enlisted Association of the National Guard, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, the Blinded Veterans Association, AM-VETS and others who have expressed their support for this legislation. Let there be no doubt, this is Congress' gift to them.  I also wish to thank over 250 Members of Congress who cosponsored this bill. Being so close to Independence Day, I invite my colleagues to supportpassage of the Veterans' Cemetery Protection Act as a small gift to our Nation's veterans.  Again, I would like to thank the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie] for moving this bill forward and getting it done before Independence Day.  