Chairman, I also want to wish a happy birthday to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sensenbrenner]. I found it interesting that I am somewhat older than the chairman, until one of my colleagues pointed out that, once you become chairman, you become 20 years younger, which explains why we have such longevity around this place.  First, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Alaska [Mr. Young] and the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Saxton] and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sensenbrenner] for working together to iron out their differences on this Sea Grant Program so we can move forward on this bill.  In particular, the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Saxton] is to be commended for working diligently through two Congresses to authorize this program. If our brethren in the other body will cooperate, we will succeed this year.  The National Sea Grant Program has been an integral part of our Nation's efforts to better conserve and manage our publicly owned coastal marine resources, which are essential to our continued economic growth.  In 1994, the Ocean Studies Board of the National Research Council reviewed the Sea Grant Program and found that it has over the years played a significant role in U.S. marine science, education, and outreach. In California, the University of California operates the largest of 29 Sea Grant Colleges. In fiscal year 1996, the California program supported 36 research projects at 12 universities in all parts of the State.  These projects have proved to be important for our coastal areas. For example, UCLA's Sea Grant scientists are developing a revolutionary technique that will allow us to determine the different types and origins of bacteria in our coastal waters. Other projects funded by Sea Grant have provided information on the probable movement of oilspills under hundreds of different sea conditions.  Mr. Chairman, the Sea Grant Program is marked by high quality peer-reviewed scientific research. The committee substitute, as agreed to by both the Committee on Science and the Committee on Resources, is fiscally responsible and limits bureaucratic overhead to 5 percent of the program's funding.  I want to thank the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Roemer], who has been very helpful in working with us in a bipartisan way to complete this bill. I would urge my colleagues to support this bill and move it on.  