Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 478 introduced by my friends, the gentleman from California [Mr. Herger] and the gentleman from California [Mr. Pombo], and in opposition to the Boehlert substitute.  In January 1993 in my district, in the Temecula-Murrieta area of California, over $10 million worth of damage occurred in the old town area of Temecula and Murrieta when the Murrieta Creek overflowed its banks. It is not a theory, it is not my imagination. I was there, I saw it happen.  Interestingly enough, the county of Riverside, the county flood control agency, had for months if not years attempted to get permission from the Federal authorities to do necessary repairs and cleaning out of that Murrieta Creek bottom. They were unable to get those permits. Because of that, that damage occurred. Furthermore, there was so much debris within that creek bottom, it went on down through Murrieta Creek and joined into the Santa Margarita Creek and went on through that area, and there was so much debris, it created an artificial dike for a while while the water accumulated behind it. Eventually that broke, and the water went through and hit the dike that protects the helicopters at Camp Pendleton in California. That dike broke, and that water cascaded without any warning on to the military base and I believe approximately $75 million worth of helicopters were destroyed because of that.  We could have solved that problem. This was absolutely solvable. All we had to do was just clean out that river bottom. We were unable to do it. Fortunately since then we have been able to clean out the river bottom. We have been able to do that but unfortunately with a lot of effort. Just this last year we tried to clean it out, up until just a couple of weeks before the rainy season began, we still had a very difficult time getting the necessary permits to keep it cleared out. I have had a lot of disasters in my county. I am the same county, of course, that had the problem with the fire breaks and the inadequacy of the fire breaks and the Winchester fires in the same year which destroyed many homes of folks that could have been protected if fire breaks had been allowed. This bill does not address that. I would like to get into that somewhere down the road. But it does address necessary protection to flood control channels which protect life and property. If we cannot protect life and property and be Members of this Congress, I do not know what we can do.  Please support the gentleman from California [Mr. Herger], the gentleman from California [Mr. Pombo] and oppose the gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert] and let us move forward with this.  