Speaker.  Mr. Speaker, the time has finally come. For over a year I have worked hard to introduce a certain piece of legislation which I think overcomes all our differences, goes beyond party affiliation, and shows the American people that when all is said and done, that this Congress is one, that it can be united.  Today especially as we go into Veterans Day weekend, and Tuesday, November 11, as Members know, is Veterans Day, I cannot think of any legislation which comes at a more appropriate time than that of the Veterans Cemetery Protection Act, introduced with my colleague, the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie].  Mr. Speaker, whenever a young man or woman enters the military, which some do voluntarily, they do so in order to protect our country and guard us against the uncertainties of the world. Sometimes they make the ultimate sacrifice. Over 1 million Americans have died fighting this country's wars. That is why it sickens me when I hear of ingrates and degenerates desecrating our national cemeteries.  In June of 1996, Riverside National Cemetery in California, the second largest in the Nation next to Arlington Cemetery in Virginia, fell prey to athief who stole bronze markers from 128 graves, and later sold them for a profit. Horribly, this theft was discovered on Fathers Day by family members who had come to pay their respects.  On April 19 vandals spray-painted racist and profane words on cemetery walls at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii, located in the district of my colleague, the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie].  Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. The Veterans Cemetery Protection Act would stiffen criminal penalties for theft and malicious vandalism at cemeteries. S. 813, the companion bill to my H.R. 1532, as amended, would stiffen criminal penalties for theft and malicious vandalism at national cemeteries.  S. 813 will require the U.S. Sentencing Commission to review and amend the sentencing guidelines to enhance penalties resulting from national cemetery desecrations and theft. The bill ensures that the sentences, guidelines, and policy statements for the offenders convicted of an offense are appropriately severe and reasonably consistent with other relevant directives and with other Federal sentencing guidelines.  S. 813 seeks to protect the 114 VA national cemeteries, along with other cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Secretary of Interior.  Joseph Frank, National Commander of the American Legion, stated, ``Deliberate acts of vandalism against the final resting place of American fallen comrades must not be tolerated.'' According to the Paralyzed Veterans of America News, ``Demeaning and degrading the final resting place of veterans who have made the ultimate sacrifice for the Nation and their loved ones strikes at all veterans and all Americans.'' This bill addresses their concerns.  The Veterans Cemetery Protection Act has received the endorsement and support of numerous veterans and military organizations. I wish to recognize and thank the men and women of the Noncommissioned Officers Association of the United States of America, the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the American Legion, the Fleet Reserve Association, the Enlisted Association of the National Guard, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Disabled American Veterans, the Blinded Veterans Association, AmVets, and others who have expressed their support for this legislation.  Let there be no doubt, this is the Congress' gift to them and those who have gone before them. I wish to thank over 245 Members of this House of Representatives who have cosponsored this bill.  I would especially like to thank the gentleman from Hawaii [Mr. Abercrombie] and his staff members, Lee-Ann Adams and Vivian Wolf for their support and leadership on this issue, the gentleman from Florida [Mr. McCollum] and his staff member, Nicole Nason, for their help and guidance in making S.813 a reality; to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hyde] and his staff for passing this measure out of the Committee on the Judiciary in an expeditious manner; and to the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Armey] and his floor staffer, Siobhan McGill, for their help in bringing S.813 to the floor; and to my own staff, especially Nelson Garcia, who led on this issue.  I would like to thank my fellow colleagues from the Inland Empire, the gentlemen from California, Mr. Brown, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Bono, for their help in the early stages of this bill. Being so close to Veterans Day, I solemnly ask my colleagues to put all our differences aside, accept Senate bill, S. 813, and pass the Veterans Cemetery Protection Act.  Let this be a gift of Congress to our Nation's veterans.  Mr. McCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  