Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Long Beach, CA [Mr. Horn], my good friend and neighbor.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask my colleagues to support H.R. 404. We all know that the cost of crime prevented and a person diverted from a life of crime is much less than that of a prison cell. One of the keys to crime deterrence is a well-trained police force.  Due to the efforts of the Riverside Sheriff's Department in my district to do the right thing and emphasize police training over prison space, I discovered a Federal catch-22 that I believe we should quickly correct. When the Federal Government declares real property as surplus, various local entities may apply for the property at a no-cost basis if they use the property for some valid social purpose.  To obtain the excess Federal property, the local entity must apply to a Federal agency to sponsor the no-cost transfer. As would seem logical, agencies usually sponsor transfers in keeping with their charges. The Department of Education sponsors educational facilities. Housing and Urban Development sponsors housing. And Department of Justice sponsors prisons. Therein lies the problem.  Incredibly, the Department of Justice is prohibited by statute to sponsor law enforcement and/or fire and rescue training facilities. They can only sponsor the building of prisons. H.R. 404, as amended, would correct this quirk in the law and allow the Department of Justice to apply its considerable expertise to sponsor its excess property for training of law enforcement, fire and rescue officials.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a minute to thank the 60 cosponsors of this measure. I especially wanted to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Horn] for his hard work and leadership in crafting this legislation and passing the measure out of committee. I wish to thank the gentlewoman from New York [Mrs. Maloney] for her support. And I would also like to express my gratitude to the gentleman from California [Mr. Bono], who also shares the area of March Air Force Base and testified on the bill's behalf during subcommittee hearings. Finally, I wish to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Brown], the gentleman from California [Mr. Lewis], the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Davis)] and the gentleman from California [Mr. Fazio] for their strong support.  