President, I am deeply concerned about the cynical efforts to tie a much needed boost in the minimum wage to a massive tax cut for the heirs of the wealthiest Americans.  The economic disparities between minimum wage workers and wealthy people whose large estates are subject to the estate tax are so vast that pairing these two measures together defies logic. I am also hard pressed to find a link between either of these issues and the extension of several expiring tax provisions that have been tacked on as well.  No matter how my colleagues in the majority try to dress it up, this is really just another vote on the estate tax. It was less than two months ago that full repeal of the estate tax failed to pass in the Senate. Instead of addressing the pressing problems ordinary Americans face on a range of economic issues, the leadership is back again trying to pass near-elimination of the estate tax.  The estate tax is an important component of our progressive federal tax system, it is the Federal Government's only tax on wealth, and by 2009 less than one-half of one percent of all estates will be subject to the tax. Far from being a ``death tax,'' the tax falls on heirs who seldom had any real role in earning the wealth built up by the estate holder. The decedent's estate pays a portion of the total assets to the Federal Government and the remainder is then passed on to heirs. Capital gains that have built up in the estate tax free are passed on to the heirs on a ``stepped up'' basis, and the heirs are not liable for any income tax on these gains. No tax is levied if the estate passes to a spouse or is donated to charity. The overwhelming majority of estates pay no federal estate tax.  As a matter of fact, the non-partisan Tax Policy Center estimates that only about 8,200 estates would owe any estate tax in 2011 if the 2009 exemption level of $3.5 million were made permanent. Those are the people who would benefit from further cuts in the estate tax and their estimated average tax savings is about $1.3 million--a far cry from the $2.10 hourly wage increase that the Majority has put on the table for minimum wage workers.  A minimum wage hike is long overdue. The Federal minimum wage, which today stands at $5.15 per hour, hasn't been raised since 1997. Since then, inflation has not only wiped out that pay increase but brought the real value of the minimum wage to its lowest level in half a century. Over the past 9 years, the minimum wage has lost one-fifth of its purchasing power.  The majority's plan would increase the minimum wage from $5.15 to $7.25 per hour by the middle of 2009. The Economic Policy Institute estimates that 5.9 million workers would benefit directly from the increase and that the average benefit would be $1,200 per year. Another 7.1 million workers earning somewhat more than $7.25 per hour could benefit indirectly as a ``spillover benefit'' of the minimum wage increase. However, 1.8 million fewer workers would benefit under the Republican proposal because it phases in the increase over a 3-year period rather than the 2-year phase-in under Senator Kennedy's proposal.  Senator Kennedy's minimum wage legislation, which I have cosponsored, also does not contain any poison pills, such as the near-elimination of the estate tax or the egregious roll back of State pay protections for minimum wage workers. Currently, there are seven States that have chosen not to include a tip penalty in their minimum wage laws. Thus, tipped employees in these States earn the full State minimum wage. Under the Republican bill, however, one million tipped employees in these seven States will see a drastic cut in their base pay.  Raising the minimum wage is vital because workers have been left out of the economic growth we have seen so far in this recovery. Strong productivity growth has translated into higher profits for businesses, not more take home pay for workers. The stagnation of earnings in the face of soaring prices for gasoline, home heating, food, health care and college tuition is squeezing workers' paychecks. Just this week, the administration admitted as much. At a speech at Columbia Business School, Treasury Secretary Paulson stated that ``amid this country's strong economic expansion, many Americans simply aren't feeling the benefits. Many aren't seeing significantincreases in their take home pay. Their increases in wages are being eaten up by high energy prices and rising health costs.''  No one who works full time should have to live in poverty, but the current minimum wage isn't enough to bring even a single parent with one child over the poverty line--even if the parent works 40 hours a week, 52 weeks a year. Five million more Americans have fallen into poverty since President Bush took office--37 million Americans are now living in poverty, including 13 million children.  The minimum wage is an important policy tool to lift low-income families out of poverty. Almost two-thirds of those who would benefit are adult workers, and more than a third of these adults are sole breadwinners for their families. This is not pocket change for teenagers, as opponents of the wage floor have argued.  The devastation of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita last September put the national spotlight on the problem of poverty in America. As Senator Grassley, chairman of the Finance Committee, put it last year, ``It's a little unseemly to be talking about eliminating the estate tax at a time when people are suffering.''  While the minimum wage has steadily lost purchasing power over the past 9 years, Federal Reserve data show that over roughly the same period the inflation-adjusted average net worth of the 10 percent families with the greatest wealth increased by almost 40 percent. The wealth of those most likely to have estate tax liability has increased substantially, but the taxes owed on an estate of any given size are lower now than they were in 1997 because of increases in the exclusion and reductions in the tax rate.  The differences in economic circumstances between those at the very top of the income or wealth distribution and those at the bottom are vast and widening. Again, during his address in New York, Treasury Secretary Paulson stressed that ``addressing issues of wage growth and uneven income distribution is a longer-term challenge that we can address.'' And yet, again the rhetoric of this administration does not match its actions. The consideration of this bill before us today is proof that the majority and the administration are not serious about addressing disparities.  Looking at earnings, minimum wage workers make about $206 for a 40-hour week at the current rate of $5.15 per hour. That would put them in the bottom 10 percent of the distribution of usual weekly earnings of full-time workers and these workers have suffered the largest declines over the past 5 years. Those at the upper-income levels are seeing earnings gains but for those at the bottom- and middle-income levels, there is a loss in real earnings since the President took office whereas in the 1990s, when you saw the proverbial picket fence--there were positive gains at every percentile.  Turning to household wealth, an overwhelming majority of households have very little in the way of accumulated wealth and assets and would not be subject to the estate tax. Households in the bottom fifth of the wealth distribution have a median wealth of just $2,000. In contrast, households in the top 10 percent have a median wealth of $1.4 million, which is less than the current estate tax exclusion of $2 million for an individual or $4 million for a married couple. Because half of the households in that wealthiest group have less than the median net worth of the group, most will not owe any estate tax.  The inequity of this proposal is compelling enough, but the budgetary consequences of nearly eliminating the estate tax make it completely unpalatable.  The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that this estate tax proposal would cost about $600 billion over the 2012-2021 period, or about $750 billion when the associated debt service costs are included. That is about three-quarters of the cost of full repeal, but probably understates the true cost because the latest proposal is not fully effective until 2015.  We are financing near-repeal of the estate tax with debt, because the costs will be paid for with borrowed money. Future generations of taxpayers--minimum wage workers and others who will make significantly less than the heirs of deceased multimillionaires and billionaires--will have to repay those funds. The drain on the budget would occur at the very time that the baby boom generation enters retirement and rising Social Security and Medicare costs would strain our budget. Secretary Paulson rightfully identified ``reforming entitlement programs, advancing energy security and maintaining and strengthening trade and investment policies that benefit American workers'' as ``longer-term challenges that will face our economy in the years to come.'' However, as we all know these are challenges that we can only meet if we have the resources to do so. Making permanent fiscally irresponsible tax cuts only endanger our abilities to truly address what should be our national priorities.  Raising the minimum wage will increase the likelihood that minimum-wage workers will be paying taxes and drawing on fewer government services. In contrast, virtually eliminating the estate tax will reduce Federal revenues, increase the budget deficit, and put pressure on other government programs that contribute to the economic well-being of lower-income workers, including minimum wage workers.  Today, we are at war and yet there is no sense of the shared sacrifice that has united this country in past conflicts. Ironically, the estate tax was first adopted in the nineteenth century to pay for government shortfalls due to wartime spending. Our military families are making tremendous sacrifices, and too many of them have made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country. With $320 billion appropriated or pending for Iraq operations to date and more than 2,500 service men and women killed, the human and financial tolls are both more staggering than imagined.  With mounting war costs, the impending retirement of the baby-boom generation and deficits as far as the eye can see, due to the President's irresponsible tax cuts, it is unconscionable to think that we are going to vote again on gutting one of the most progressive taxes on the books.  Putting a minimum wage hike that is so necessary for working families to make ends meet together with an estate tax bill that benefits a few wealthy heirs reveals a warped set of priorities. The same can be said for holding hostage a package of tax extenders that all support. Our focus should be on strengthening the safety net for American families--whether it's raising the minimum wage or preserving Social Security, pensions, and health insurance coverage.  I have been a consistent supporter of the minimum wage, but this is a cruel juxtaposition of policies which I can not support.  