President, I yield myself 5 minutes.  I wish to take a few moments talking about H.R. 810, the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act. Last year, the House overwhelmingly passed this bill, and I am pleased that the Senate will now finally consider this legislation. My colleague in the other body, Congressman Jim Langevin, has been a staunch advocate for stem cell research and has played a central role in advancing this legislation through the House of Representatives, and I commend him for that.  I hope to be able to stand on the Senate floor a few years from now to highlight the advancements that have been made in the treatment of spinal cord victims, children with diabetes, and Parkinson's treatment because of embryonic stem cell research. However, I fear that even if the Senate approves legislation, patients will only see further delays in promising stem cell research.  The President endorsed the use of Federal funds research on existing cell lines in his August 2001 Executive Order. At the time of the announcement, he said:       Scientists believe further research using stem cells offers      great promise that could help improve the lives of those who      suffer from many terrible diseases--from juvenile diabetes to      Alzheimer's, from Parkinson's to spinal cord injuries. And      while scientists admit they are not yet certain, they believe      stem cells derived from embryos have unique potential.  This is from the President's Executive Order.  We know now that the stem cell lines identified in the Executive Order were not the panacea for breakthrough medical research. There are only 22 stem cell lines available for federally funded research, and since they were derived in the absence of scientific and ethical guidelines, they have proven unsuitable for most research. At the same time, there are approximately 400,000 frozen embryos in IVF clinics that will likely be destroyed. While I recognize the many benefits of using embryonic stem cells in biomedical research, I also realize that many serious ethical and moral issues have to be considered. I believe Federal guidelines designed to create and uphold strict oversight of these practices can achieve the appropriate balance needed in order to ensure that this research is being carried out in an acceptable manner.  H.R. 810 sets forth responsible rules and limitations for obtaining excess embryos as well as adequate standards for conducting research involving embryonic stem cells. It would establish the necessary framework for oversight so that principled research can finally be allowed to proceed.  Some of my colleagues believe embryonic stem cell research is not necessary, given some of the tremendous advances adult stem cells have yielded. Indeed, I wholeheartedly support continued progress in the area of adult stem cell research and was proud to be one of the lead sponsors of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act, which Congress enacted late last year. This bill was essential in maintaining patient access to lifesaving treatments through the National Marrow Donor program and also opening the door to the developments of a companion registry system for cord blood.  We know the use of umbilical cord blood in treating diseases such as leukemia, sickle cell anemia, and rare but deadly genetic disorders such as Krabbe disease is showing tremendous promise. The Stem Cell Therapeuticand Research Act solidified the Nation's commitment to increasing the number of cord blood transplants by providing additional Federal funds to help public cord blood banks increase their inventory, as well as support outreach, patient advocacy, and coordinating information and education activities.  The President also recognized the importance of this avenue of research. During the 2001 Executive Order, he said:       You should also know that stem cells can be derived from      sources other than embryos. And many scientists feel research      on these types of stem cells are also promising. Many      patients suffering from a range of diseases are already being      helped with treatment developed from adult stem cells.  He went on to add:       However, most scientists, at least today, believe that      research on embryonic stem cells offer the most promise      because these cells have the potential to develop from all of      the tissues of the body.  Those are the President's words. I urge all of us to heed those words today.  I urge the Senate to support H.R. 810 and also the President to sign it into law. I also intend to support S. 3504 and S. 2754, but neither of these measures is a substitute for H.R. 810.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  