President, the Pension Protection Act of 2006 would strengthen private pension plan funding and improve the financial position of the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation, PBGC. While the bill reflects difficult compromises, it is important that we act now to preserve the financial health of defined benefit pensions.  This legislation is an important step toward protecting the pensions of working Americans. Today's workers will live longer and work longer but also spend more time in retirement than ever before, so it is vital that the pension benefits promised to workers will actually be there when they retire.  The crisis in private pensions is just part of the growing problem of economic insecurity for many Americans. Although the economy has been growing, job growth has been modest, wages are not keeping pace with inflation, income inequality is growing, employer-provided health insurance coverage is falling, and private pensions are increasingly in jeopardy. Soaring prices for gasoline, home heating, health care, and college tuition is squeezing the take home pay of most workers. Many workers have little left over for retirement savings after making ends meet for basic living expenses.  Meanwhile, many employers shift the risk and responsibility of adequate retirement funds onto workers, as retirement prospects are more uncertain than ever. Twenty years ago, most workers with a pension plan could expect to receive a defined benefit based on years of service and salary. Today, defined contribution plans--which shift most of the investment risk and responsibility onto workers--have become the dominant form of pension coverage.  Despite the shift away from traditional pensions, defined benefit plans remain a critical source of retirement support, with 44 million workers and retirees relying on such plans as a source of stable retirement income. However, as we have seen with recent pension terminations in the airline industry, the real risk of defined benefit plan defaults further exacerbates workers' uncertainty and concern about their retirement prospects.  This bill tackles the growing problem of employers not setting aside enough money to cover their pension obligations. The Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation, PBGC, estimates that total underfunding in PBGC-insured pension plans is about $450 billion, more than $100 billion of which is in plans sponsored by financially weak companies that are at reasonable risk of default.  However, the PBGC, which is the backstop to the defined benefit pension system, has funding issues of its own due to increased defaults by employers. At the end of 2005, the PBGC reported a cumulative deficit of $22.8 billion in its single-employer program. While the PBGC has sufficient assets to pay benefit obligations for a number of years, without changes in funding, the agency will eventually run out of money. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that PBGC's cumulative deficit will increase to $87 billion over the next 10 years, and suggests that there is a significant likelihood that all of PBGC's assets will be exhausted within the next 20 years.  The Pension Protection Act would tighten the funding rule for defined benefit plans by requiring that plans fund 100 percent of their liabilities, up from 90 percent under current law. Companies with underfunded plans would have seven years to make up any funding shortfall. Financially troubled airlines with underfunded plans would have 17 years to become fully funded.  The legislation would limit the use of credit balances to prevent companies with unfunded plans from avoiding plan contributions, prohibit companies with underfunded plans from increasing future benefits, and require an accurate accounting of each plan's true financial condition. Plans would also be required to provide more information about their current funding status to plan participants and beneficiaries.  In addition, the bill contains important, long overdue disclosure rules to protect the pension of workers, to avoid a situation like that of the Enron workers who lost their entire life savings. Under this bill, companies would be required to give workers quarterly benefit statements that show the value of their assets, and explain their right to and the importance to diversify their investments. The companies would also be required to give their employees a range of options for investing their 401(k) plans rather than just the in company stock and allow workers to sell the stock after three years.  A few of the other notable features of this bill are provisions that encourage low- and moderate-income workers to save for retirement by extending the ``saver's credit,'' and requiring automatic enrollment in defined contribution pensions such as 401(k) plans.  The saver's credit provides a permanent non-refundable tax credit to taxpayers with incomes below certain limits if they make contributions to an IRA or an employer-sponsored plan. Early evidence indicates that the saver's credit has increased participation rates in retirement plans. The effects of the credit are limited, however, by its nonrefundability, the sharp phase-down of the credit rate for moderate-income taxpayers, and the lack of indexing of the income limits. This bill would address one of the current problems with the credit by indexing the income thresholds starting in 2007.  The Pension Protection Act would encourage companies to use automatic enrollment. Under automatic enrollment, companies can enroll employees in contributory pension plans and defer a specified percentage of their earnings into an account. Employees are free to opt out of the plan if they do not wish to participate. Under current rules, employees must make an active decision to participate in contributory plans.  Studies show that automatic enrollment dramatically increases participation rates. The increase is particularly likely to benefit younger workers and low-income workers, who tend to have the lowest participation rates.  One concern I have is that this legislation extends the higher contribution limits on 401(k) and IRA contributions enacted in 2001, which would do little to encourage retirement saving while adding over $36 billion to the budget deficit over the next 10 years. While tax-advantaged retirement saving by low- and moderate-income individuals is likely to represent new saving, high-income individuals are more likely to use expanded savings opportunities to shift existing savings from taxable accounts to tax-advantaged accounts. In its analysis of a similar proposal in the President's FY 2004 budget, CBO concluded that expanding tax-free savings accounts would have little effect on personal saving.  Nonetheless, the Pension Protection Act makes progress toward ensuring that workers will receive the retirement benefits they have earned. We must continue work to improve our pensions system to ensure that Americans who work hard their entire liveshave the financial security they deserve. Part of this work will be to revisit some of the elements of this bill as well as to encourage employers to continue to offer retirement plans to hardworking Americans. The dilemma is that it took the majority 8 months to bring this bill forward and without it, more plans and workers are jeopardized. Congress must continue concerted efforts to address the real needs of American workers.  (At the request of Mr. Reid, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 