President, I support final passage of S. 250, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006.  This important legislation, which reauthorizes the Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Act of1998, will help strengthen both the workforce in my home State of Rhode Island and across the Nation and ensure that our students have the necessary skills and tools to access high-quality, high-wage employment and compete in an ever-expanding global economy.  I am pleased that Congress will reaffirm its overwhelming bipartisan and bicameral support for this program, especially in light of the President's efforts in his last two budget proposals to eliminate funding for Perkins. For the 2006-2007 school year, our State, which is home to 10 Career and Technical Centers and 54 high schools and colleges offering career and technical education programs, would stand to lose an estimated $6.3 million in Perkins basic state and tech prep funding under the President's proposed budget. These cuts are unjustifiable, especially at a time when it is ever more critical that we provide a robust link between students and a highly skilled workforce American business depends on to thrive.  As a cosponsor of the Senate version of this bill, I am pleased that many of its comprehensive provisions on the recruitment, preparation, support, and professional development of career and technical education teachers, which I authored, have been included in the final version of the bill before us today. I believe having a well-trained, qualified, and effective teacher in every classroom is the key for ensuring that students participating in career and technical education programs will achieve their fullest academic and career goals and aspirations.  The bill also contains a number of provisions that address the concerns raised by educators in Rhode Island. First, S. 250 does not combine the tech prep program with the basic State grant program at the Federal level as the House bill proposed. Second, the bill authorizes use of State administration funding at up to 5 percent, funding which supports such essential activities as developing a State plan, monitoring career and technical education program efficiency, and providing technical assistance to districts. Third, S. 250 adds a new State leadership incentive grant I authored for school districts and postsecondary institutions that elect to pool their funds for innovative initiatives, including improving the professional development of career and technical educators and establishing and enhancing systems for accountability data collection.  I thank my colleagues, Senators Kennedy and Enzi, and their staffs, for their work on this legislation and moving it toward final passage.  I am pleased to support this legislation. A highly skilled workforce not only grows our economy, but maintains our Nation's competitive edge in the world. I look forward to the President quickly signing this bill into law--which will hopefully signal a turnaround in his support for Perkins career and technical education programs--to help ensure that our students remain competitive and have the academic and technical tools to succeed.  