President, I find myself, as I so often do, agreeing with my colleague, the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Dodd. It is exactly about priorities. It is about whether the wealthiest, most affluent people in this country will enjoy a tax break or whether more fundamental needs of our Nation will be served.  Senator Dodd pointed to the issue of returning veterans. Again, I was pleased to travel with Senator Dodd last October to Iraq to visit with our soldiers: marines, airmen, sailors--all of our outstanding men and women in uniform. When they come home, they need the kind of support that the fund Senator Dodd identified would give them. But there is even a more immediate concern to our Armed Forces today: $50 billion in equipment that has to be rehabilitated, refurbished, brought up to operating conditions, so these men and women can continue their operations on behalf of America.  I can tell you, as someone who had the privilege of commanding a company of paratroopers, the most disconcerting concept, the most disconcerting and troubling aspect, is when your equipment is poorly maintained, will not operate, is inefficient, out of date. That drives morale down as rapidly as anything. We have--not unexpectedly because of the conflict in which we are engaged--seen our equipment stocks become overused, both aviation equipment and ground equipment: trucks, vehicles, humvees--all of them have taken a terrible beating in combat operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.  Just 2 weeks ago, this body agreed with my proposal to spend $50 billion to refurbish this equipment. But as Senator Dodd pointed out, they did not agree with the way we would pay for it. In fact, the proposal was really just oratory. It says: Let's spend $50 billion which we do not have to help the military refurbish their equipment. We have to do better than that because, as the Senator pointed out, without funding, that is all well-wishes without real results. And we need real results for the men and women of our military forces.  