 billion each year for the next decade to recapitalize the fleet. However, the President's budget request only includes 7 ships in fiscal year 2007 versus the 11 that the Chief needs to maintain the 313-ship fleet. Seven ships in fiscal year 2008. In 2009 the suggestion is they move up to nine ships. But those plans have been delayed before.  This shipbuilding level simply cannot sustain the fleet. My greatest concern is with respect to the construction level of submarines. While many believe that the need for submarines has diminished with the end of the Cold War, the demand for these unique assets has never been greater.  Last week I was with Senator Dodd and Senator Inouye for the christening of the USS Hawaii, our newest Virginia Class attack submarine at Groton, CT. Admiral Roughhead, Commander of the Pacific Fleet, pointed out submarines are his most demanded asset. They are the one ship that is constantly requested by commanders throughout the Pacific to do the tasks that are necessary to defend the Nation.  This is true in our global war on terrorism as we need the ability for stealthy insertion of special operations troops. We need to be able to recover these troops, we need to have the capacity to strike with precision-guided Tomahawk cruise missiles. All of these are capabilities of the submarine fleet.  Back in March of 2004, Admiral Bowman, who was then the Director of the Navy's Nuclear Propulsion Program, suggested to me that the Navy was only able to meet about 65 percent of the combatant commanders' submarine requirements with the current fleet of 54 boats. In 2003, Vice Admiral Grossenbacher, then commander of the Naval Submarine Forces, estimated we needed 70 submarines to meet the request of all of the commanders. These are requests that will simply not be met if we drop our submarine fleet below certain limits.  In addition, we understand that China is developing a very robust submarine fleet. Today, China's submarine fleet is estimated at a number of approximately 60 boats. In 2004 and 2005, 12 new submarines joined the Chinese fleet. New nuclear-missile-attack boats are coming on line, and China has one of the largest modern diesel submarine fleets in the world. Clearly, there is a need to prudently react to the growing underwater prowess of China.  Presently, the U.S. Navy has 282 ships, including 54 attack submarines. In the fiscal year 2007 long-range plan for construction of naval vessels, the Navy expressed the intent to maintain 313, but only 48 attack submarines. Recall recently there were requirements for up to 70 submarines--at least discussion of 70 submarines--or 54 submarines; 48 attack submarines are currently in the plan. The Navy is in danger of not even being able to put to sea 48 attack submarines at current build rate.  Right now the Navy is currently procuring one Virginia class attack submarine per year, and a ninth is in the budget for this year. However, under the original plan drawn up by the Navy in 2003, production of two boats per year was supposed to begin in fiscal year 2007. Now the procurement of two per year has been pushed back to fiscal year 2012.  If the Navy is able to implement its plan and begin building two attack submarines per year in fiscal year 2012, the attack submarine fleet will still drop below 40 before it begins to increase again. If the 2-per-year procurement keeps getting pushed off to the left--it has already happened 10 times where it has been pushed back--the submarine force would drop as low as 28.  I think we all agree that 28 is a number that cannot be justified in terms of the demand and in terms of this effort. We have to do quite a bit to move up the construction of two submarines per year.  First, the report language accompanying this bill states: ``The Committee does not understand the continuing delays in increasing the [submarine] construction rate'' and directs the Secretary of the Navy to submit a detailed plan for lowering costs and defining goals and benchmarks for the Virginia class production program. I believe this language will help compel the Navy and the industry to redouble their efforts to increase the construction rate--and that is vitally important.  Second, I am pleased to know that this legislation includes $65 million for R&D for the Virginia class submarines.  This R&D is I think critical not only to improve the capabilities of these ships but also to continue to engage in the design force which is part of the human capital in our submarine industrial base.  Also, I note that the bill includes $10 million for funding to begin design work on the successor to the Ohio class ballistic submarine. This design work is essential to continue our ability to produce a follow-on generation of attack submarines but also ballistic submarines.  I think this is absolutely critical.  Let me turn to another point with respect to our Army; that is, end strength.  I am pleased to see that this bill authorizes an Active-Duty Army end strength of 512,400, which is 30,000 over the President's fiscal year 2007 budget request.  The act also authorizes an Active-Duty Marine Corps of 180,000, which is 5,000 over the President's budget request.  I think it is important to maintain the end strength of the Army.  I think it is a result of the efforts of Senators Lott and Talent and myself on the budget resolution, where we actually moved $3.7 billion to accomplish this.  Let me make one final point, if I may.  The Army end strength is a critical issue. I think we have to note, at this time but also at a later date continue to note, that recruiting is becoming a critical issue for the U.S. Army. According to the information I have, the U.S. Army, in the first three-quarters of the year, has recruited to a level of 40,000. That means in the final quarter the Army is going to have to recruit 40,000 soldiers to meet their goals. That is much higher than they have ever done in the last few years.  We have a recruiting problem that is beginning to emerge.  I will devote additional time on this subject at a later time.  I yield the floor.  