President, I have been a longtime supporter of these tax credits and I am pleased that they are extended by this long overdue bill before us tonight.  The tax credits included in this bill are significant both for families and for businesses; these credits will help families send their children to college, encourage businesses to hire individuals working to get off welfare, and support research and development. The IRS indicates that 19 million taxpayers will benefit from this relief. Our economy benefits from these provisions and many taxpayers have grown to rely on them. And those who benefit from these provisions need certainty.  I am disappointed, however, by critical omissions and the inclusion of some provisions about which I have serious concerns.  For starters, this package does not address the Alternative Minimum Tax, AMT; a tax provision that, with no Congressional intervention, will affect 37.1 million tax returns by 2010. Households are more likely to pay the AMT if they have children or live in a high-tax state because the AMT does not allow taxpayers to claim an exemption for dependents as an itemized deduction for state taxes. By 2010, nearly 90 percent of married couples with two or more children and incomes between $75,000 and $100,000 will pay the AMT.  The AMT is complicated, unfair, and no longer meets its intended purpose. That is why in her 2003 annual report to Congress, National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson identified the AMT as the most serious problem encountered by taxpayers. According to Olson ``. . . that is how the AMT appears to function--randomly, no longer with any logical basis in sound tax administration or any connection with its original purpose of taxing the very wealthy who escape taxation. Congress must address the AMT before it bogs down tax administration and increases taxpayers' cynicism to such a level that overall compliance declines.''  Also, the bill includes many ill-conceived provisions. I strongly oppose the bill's inclusion of an expanded voucher program for the District of Columbia. There is no doubt that our nation's capital faces severe educational challenges. However, this expansion is an unnecessary action that subverts the program's original intent to serve solely low-income students, and continues federal government subsidization of private and religious schools at the expense of public education.  This is another attempt by the President and Republican leadership to expand private school voucher programs, while reneging on our fundamental commitment to public schools, where 90 percent of American children receive their education. Instead of private school vouchers, we should spend the dollars necessary to make the No Child Left Behind reforms work. We should be focusing on educational issues that touch the lives of all American students, not just a select few.  Also inserted in the bill is a considerable expansion of Health Savings Accounts, HSAs. The provisions, which were never given full consideration by either the Senate or House of Representatives, provide yet another mechanism for high income individuals to shelter taxable income under the guise of health care. An August Government Accountability Office, GAO, report on tax filers who reported making HSA contributions had an average income of $133,000 in 2004. The annual survey of health care consumers by the Employee Benefit Research Institute and the Commonwealth Fund found virtually no change in enrollment in HSAs, nor did they find any measurable impact on the rates of the uninsured in this country. While those who support these extensions, which will cost taxpayers close to a billion dollars over the next decade, will argue that they will help expand these insurance products to more Americans, in reality they will benefit only those Americans wealthy enough to take advantage of them.  The bill does contain some essential health-related provisions. Specifically, it includes another temporary update in the reimbursement rate for physicians under Medicare. While this package reverses the projected 5.1 percent cut for 2007, this Congress must take action next year to bring greater stability and predictability to the Medicare physician payment formula than currently exists. Nevertheless, this provision ensures that elderly and disabled Medicare patients will continue to have access to their providers.  While this bill provides a 1-year extension of the moratorium on Medicare therapy caps, many other needed Medicare and Medicaid provisions have been omitted. For instance, the bill does not include a moratorium on impending reductions in reimbursements for imaging services.  However, I would commend the architects of the legislation for carving out unexpended monies available in the Medicare advantage stabilization fund to finance the provisions that were included instead of resorting to cuts in reimbursements to individual Medicare providers groups.  I am further disappointed that this bill allows for exploration of the outer continental shelf. This provision will not provide energy security to the United States. Our nation needs a comprehensive energy policy that reduces dependency on fossil fuels through increased energy efficiency, greater investment in renewable energy, and development of alternative fuels to replace oil. This provision is also unsound fiscal policy. It would mandate that almost 38 percent of revenue from federal resources generated by new leases in the Gulf of Mexico be given to four states--Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. These are revenuesthat currently would be provided to the United States Treasury for the benefit of the Nation as a whole. Reducing revenue to the Treasury means that we, as a nation, will have fewer resources available in the future to respond to a call for help should there be another devastating natural disaster or terrorism attack.  Unfortunately, the majority played political games to get us to this point. We should have passed this legislation long ago. Instead, we are now faced with passing a bill that contains important provisions but also a number of others that I would have opposed had they been offered on their own merits. Despite this bill's shortcomings, I will support it because it extends tax credits that will truly benefit countless Americans and contains an important physician reimbursement fix. I will work in the new Congress to address the bill's shortcomings.  