President, for an immigration measure to be effective, two aspects are necessary. One aspect is enforcement and the other is addressing the status of millions of undocumented immigrants who are living in the United States.  The Senate spent several weeks earlier this year debating a comprehensive immigration bill which struck an acceptable balance between enforcement and legalization. We passed that bill but House and Senate Republicans have been unable, despite months of negotiations, to come up with a final bill. This is irresponsible at best.  The secure fence bill only addresses enforcement but worse, it only addresses a small part of enforcement. This bill builds a wall. A wall that will cost as much as $9 billion. And a wall that will be ineffective. As Governor Napolitano of Arizona said, ``You show me a 50-foot wall and I'll show you a 51-foot ladder at the border. That's the way the border works.''   Apprehending individuals illegally crossing the border only partially solves the problem. First, half of the undocumented immigrants in this country came here legally and then overstayed their visas. A fence will not solve that problem.  Second, the reason so many try to enter this country is the search for jobs. We must work to cut off the supply of jobs by making it too costly for employers to hire the undocumented. There are laws on the books that do this, but these laws have rarely been enforced by this administration.  Furthermore, no immigration law that we pass will be effective if we do not negotiate and sign bilateral agreements with other countries on numerous issues including taking back aliens removed from the United States, document forgery, smuggling, human trafficking, and gang membership.  Immigration is one of the most important issues Congress has to address. But we did address it in March. It was thorough and thoughtful yet tough, and it is the conference report for that bill that we should be passing tonight, instead of this ineffective enforcement bill.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, I would like to discuss the bill pending before us, the Secure Fence Act of 2006.  Over the past year, many Senators, as well as President Bush, have dedicated themselves to addressing the problems of our broken immigration system. In April, the Senate overwhelmingly passed, in a bipartisan fashion, a comprehensive immigration reform package designed to secure our borders as well as address the economic need for workers in our Nation. In passing this legislation, the Senate rejected the argument for an ``enforcement first'' strategy that focuses on border security only, an ineffective and ill-advised approach. Congress cannot take a piecemeal approach to a national security crisis. I believe the only way to truly secure our border and protect our Nation is through the enactment of comprehensive immigration reform. As long as there is a need for workers in the United States and people are willing to cross the desert to make a better life for their families, our border will never be secure.  The Secure Fence bill authorizes 700 miles of fencing along our southern border. To many in Congress, this sounds like a ``quick fix'' to our border security problems. However, in a briefing before the Senate Judiciary Committee last spring, Secretary of Homeland Security Chertoff clearly stated that only 370 miles of fencing along the southern border is necessary. I find it interesting that this bill would mandate 700 miles of fencing in light of the Secretary's statement. In fact, it is my understanding that the Secretary feels that the additional 330 miles of fencing is not only unnecessary but also imprudent because it will force DHS to reduce funding other border security initiatives.  Because of the clear wishes of the Secretary and the concerns of border communities over the disruption the construction will cause to commerce along the border, a group of Senators, including myself, had hoped to offer and vote on an amendment that would allow the Secretary of Homeland Security, the true expert on securing our border, to decide where fencing was necessary along the border and where money was better spent on other types of border security measures. It would have asked for local community input on the placement and construction ofthis wall. My understanding is that this amendment had been circulated in both Chambers and no objections had been raised by the leadership in the House or the Senate or the committees of jurisdiction. Unfortunately, because of the objections of a single Senator, we are now unable to offer and vote on this commonsense, fiscally responsible amendment.  Another amendment that we had planned to offer, dealing with the definition of ``operational control'' of our border, met the same fate. This amendment would have given a reasonable and achievable meaning to the term ``operation control'' as it relates to the Secretary's duties in this bill. However, again, the same Senator raised an objection to the clarification of this definition. I believe that this bill, and more importantly, our Nation's security, will be worse off for this objection to making commonsense improvements to this bill.  I have struggled and debated over how I should vote on this bill. I truly believe that we must have comprehensive immigration reform and will continue to dedicate myself to achieving a thorough response to our Nation's struggles with illegal immigration. However, since I am forced to choose between nothing and a fraction of the border security that our country needs, I must support providing some form of border security. As a Senator from a border State, I recognize that we are facing a crisis in our border region and infrastructure improvements to our border security are desperately needed.  If Congress thinks that it can continue this piecemeal approach to border security and achieve any real results for our national security, it is sadly mistaken. Mr. President, I hope that we can return in either a lameduck session or in the 110th Congress to not only correct the problems in the bill before us but also make a serious effort at comprehensively reforming our Nation's immigration system.  