Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Brady for all of his great and good work and for all of his help.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5444. I am proud to join the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins) in introducing the Taxpayer First Act.  I would like to begin by thanking the chairwoman for her good and great work on this bill. It was a wonderful opportunity and a great pleasure to work with Ms. Jenkins.  I would also like to thank our friend and colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Buchanan), for his determination to work together on behalf of the taxpayers.  Finally, I would like to recognize our staff--Karen McAfee, Peg McGlinch, Machalagh Carr, Rachel Kaldahl, Liz Navin, Lindsay Steward, Meinan Gogo, Adam York, and Jamila Thompson--for all of their hard, good, and great work, and we will never forget you.  Mr. Speaker, the process and the product should inspire each and every Member of this body. For over a year, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee hosted hearings and roundtables. We listened and asked questions. We asked Democratic and Republican Members to provide feedback. We reached out to taxpayers and advocates. We negotiated. We took our time, and, Mr. Speaker, I believe that we did it right. Together, we developed a bill that improves the independent appeals process and taxpayer services.  Last month, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. Jenkins) and I released a discussion draft of a bill that would strengthen the IRS and improve taxpayers' services. We reviewed the comments and tried to include fixes where there was agreement. The process was transparent and inclusive, and the product is strong and timely.  H.R. 5444 also makes commonsense updates to the structure of the IRS and the Tax Code. In particular, I am very proud of our work to improve IRS enforcement. For example, we were able to address a shocking issue that the National Taxpayer Advocate raised in her 2017 annual report to Congress.  It is hard to believe that the private debt collection program costs three times more than it collects. This flawed program targets and abuses thousands of low-income taxpayers by enrolling them in installment agreements that they simply cannot afford. That is not right. That is not fair. By removing low-income taxpayers from the private debt collection program, H.R. 5444 puts us on the right path.  Unfortunately, the IRS experienced serious system problems yesterday. I am glad that the IRS acted quickly and extended the tax filing deadline. These problems showed us that we need to have an honest talk with ourselves about the work ahead.  We all know that Congress cut the agency's budget by almost $1 billion since 2010. This reduction harmed both taxpayer services and tax administration. I have said time and time again that you cannot get blood from a turnip. I look forward to working with our colleagues to ensure that the agency has the tools and resources it needs.  It is also important that taxpayers, especially those who are of low income, disabled, and senior citizens, receive fair, quality, and timely help and support.  Through it all, Mr. Speaker, our subcommittee did good work, necessary work. From the beginning, we committed to bipartisanship, and we refused to abandon our course. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of our product and process. At every crossroad, we remembered the lessons from the past and chose to put the taxpayers first.  Again, I urge all of our colleagues to support this bill. I hope that we will continue to work together and improve the taxpayers' experience.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  