President, yesterday the President's Council of Economic Advisers released a report claiming that the Bush tax cuts are responsible for keeping the recession more mild than it otherwise would be. They claim that the already passed tax cut has raised prospects for a solid recovery and that by the end of this year there will be 800,000 more jobs than there otherwise would have been.  The report of the Council of Economic Advisers is somewhat curious. It is obviously self-serving. It does make a fundamental mistake. It tries to suggest that the Bush tax cut, which centered on the reduction of income tax rates principally benefiting the highest paid and most affluent Americans, is the cause of the slight stimulus we have seen over the last few months when in fact, to be honest about it, it has been the proposed rebates championed initially by the Democrats, not part of the initial Bush proposal, that has provided some stimulus effect over the last several months.  That goes to the nature of, first, a rebate directly to a whole host of Americans across a broad income range. Those rebates typically were spent, and that seems to be the case in this situation.  The reality of the Bush tax proposals is that, first, they were not effective this year. Much of his tax cut proposal does not become effective until the following fiscal year. As a result, to make claims that his tax concept is a part of this stimulus effect is rather suspicious on its face.  To suggest, as I think is the suggestion, that this ``tax plan'' will lead to further stimulus of our economy is also suspicious. What it will lead to, which is already apparent, is increased Federal deficits. This year, because of the poor economic performance of the country, we have seen the Federal deficit materialize. But as we go forward, most of that deficit can be attributed not to adverse economic circumstances but to the tax cut. As we deny resources that are necessary to have this Government function and operate effectively in many different areas, we will see the deficit grow and grow.  The problem there becomes, in order to fund Federal programs, we must go into the debt markets. We must borrowmore money. That puts pressure on interest rates, and that helps retard our economic progress and our growth.  The notion that the Bush plan has materially aided and assisted our recovery or softened the recession is very dubious.  What is also unfortunate is that in the last few weeks, as we have debated a possible stimulus package, there have been several proposals, one of which would be broadening the rebate we enacted last spring to include those Americans who did not pay income taxes but paid a great deal of taxes in terms of payroll taxes and other forms of wage taxation. I don't know how many times I have been in the Chamber and heard Republicans assail that approach as being inappropriate, ineffective, and inefficient.  What is curious is that the one aspect of last spring's tax plan that helped the rebates through the income tax system is being not only trumpeted as a Bush proposal but that exact or closely similar approach extended to payroll taxes is being derided and criticized by Republicans in the Senate as being something unworthy of the Senate.  I disagree. Frankly, last year if we had adopted a proposal to cut taxes that was targeted to lower income Americans, that was broad to include not just rebates for income taxes but rebates for payroll taxes, we would have seen a much less severe recession than we are seeing right now.  In effect, what we have today is the Council of Economic Advisers not providing good economic analysis but providing political spin on the tax plan we passed last year. I hope when we go back and reconsider the stimulus package, we will understand what stimulates the economy and not what is appealing to the political winds of the moment.  Again, we are in the grips of a recession. There are multiple causes. The President's tax proposal as originally proposed certainly did very little, if anything at all, to help soften the recession. I hope that will become more and more apparent.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  