President, I too rise to pay tribute to Paul Wellstone and send condolences and prayers to the Wellstone family, to all of his hardworking and dedicated staff, and to the other families involved.  Paul Wellstone was a passionate, courageous, never wavering fighter for his ideals. He fought vigorously for what he believed in. He fought vigorously for Minnesotans, Americans, and people around the world. And he did so side by side with his wife Sheila, herself and eloquent and forceful advocate for domestic abuse victims and so many others.  He was committed to economic and social justice.  He was indignant about the lives faced by the poor, the downtrodden, the battered, and all the ``little guys.''  He envisioned a better world for everyone, and strove every day to help secure that better world. He was tireless, but never humorless, in this struggle.  He challenged Members of the Senate, the President, and all Americans to envision this better world and to join him in the struggle for that better world.  He fought for all of us, but most especially for our children, for battered women, for working families, for individuals with disabilities, for seniors, for family farmers, for veterans, for Native Americans, and for new immigrants.  He fought to improve education, health care, and the environment. He was a leading voice, a champion, a fighter for these and other important needs of our Nation.  As he said:       If we don't fight hard enough for the things we stand for,      at some point we have to recognize that we don't really stand      for them.  His view of politics was insightful and straightforward, just like the way he lived his life. He said:       Politics is what we create by what we do, what we hope for,      and what we dare to imagine.  He believed with all of his heart and soul in the American promise of equal opportunity, that ``every child in America should have the same opportunity to reach his or her full potential regardless of the color of skin, gender or the income level of the child's parents.''  To make that happen, we need to provide every child with the same tools for success. I can still hear him say: ``We cannot realize the goal of leaving no child behind on a tin cup budget.'' He would make this pitch during hearing held by the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, on which I was honored to serve with him, on the Floor, education funding rallies, and anywhere and everywhere.  He believed that education funding should come before tax cuts for the wealthy. In the education reform law, that he voted against because he believed that it didn't provide enough resources and that the tests it demandedwould be ``educationally deadening,'' he worked to ensure the highest quality tests possible and to recruit and retain highly qualified teachers, among other important provisions.  He was also a leader in the fight for full funding of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. He also long worked to give welfare recipients the chance to get off the rolls and into good paying jobs by allowing them access to postsecondary education.  His legislative efforts to provide mental health parity were born in large part out of his brother Stephen's struggle with mental illness and his family's struggle with the problems of lack of insurance coverage of mental illness treatment.  In an editorial in the Saint Paul Pioneer Press, he said:       Think of what fairness in treatment for mental illness      would mean. Think of the lives saved, the suffering eased.      Suicide is linked to untreated mental illness in 90 percent      of cases. Americans with mental illness, who are homeless or      warehoused in jails, would instead get the humane care they      need. Workplace productivity would improve, with      less absenteeism and a higher quality of work. Other      medical costs would go down. There would be fewer broken      families, broken lives and broken dreams.  Paul Wellstone could not have been more right. We must pass mental health parity in his name, and we must pass it as a first order of business in the next Congress of the United States.  He also championed improved health care for children and adolescents, particularly substance abuse and mental health treatment and suicide prevention, included in the Children's Health Act of 2000. He coauthored the law that provides funding for Parkinson's Disease research. He also worked for a real Patients' Bill of Rights and a prescription drug benefit for our seniors.  With his wife Sheila, he led the fight to end domestic violence. He worked for passage of the Violence Against Women Act in both 1994 and 2000, a landmark law that provides help, protection, and improved services to victims of domestic violence.  He long worked to address the needs of children who witness domestic violence. Children who live in homes where domestic violence occurs are at a higher risk of anxiety and depression, and exhibit more aggressive, antisocial, inhibited, and fearful behaviors than other children. They also are at risk for recreating the abusive relationships they have observed, and many, as a consequence, are juvenile offenders.  His legislation on this issue is pending in the Senate version of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act reauthorization bill.  He fought for passage of the Family and Medical Leave Act, and was working to expand it.  He was a leader in the fight to raise the minimum wage and to extend unemployment insurance.  He believed in equal pay, worker protections, and secure pensions.  He fought to ensure veterans get the benefits and support they deserve.  He worked for cleaner air and water, reduced greenhouse gas emissions, and renewable energy. He led the fight to stop the oil companies from drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.  He once again spoke for people with no voice, by championing naturalization for Hmong citizens who aided the U.S. war efforts in Vietnam, as well as by joining me as a cosponsor of the Liberian Immigration Fairness Act.  Paul's efforts were not limited to improving the lives of Americans. As a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, he championed human rights around the globe. He worked with Senator Brownback to enact legislation to address international trafficking in women and children for prostitution and forced labor.  He also coauthored the Torture Victim Protection Act to help rehabilitate tortured survivors in the U.S. and abroad.  And he was a leading advocate and voice for sensible multinational-international approach to foreign policy.  Paul Wellstone demanded bold action to right the wrongs of this world. He fought for many valiant causes, and in doing so, he improved millions of lives. However, his fight is not finished. There is still much to be done. It is a fight we all must continue.  As Paul Wellstone once said, after the 1994 election:       We don't have time for despair. The fight doesn't change.      It just gets harder. But it's the same fight.  In his spirit and the spirit that is the most noble part of this Nation, let us carry on this noble fight.  I yield the floor.  