 This is an amendment that responds to an announcement made by the Missile Defense Agency shortly after the conclusion of our committee deliberations. The announcement was that they would classify the details of all future flight tests of the national missile defense system--now called the land-based midcourse system.  I believe Congress needs information of that kind. I also believe those unclassified portions of the tests should be available to a broader community, particularly the scientific community.  The amendment that has been agreed to and included in this bill would require the Missile Defense Agency to provide to the Congress within 120 days a thorough report of the details of the tests. And it would include both an unclassified format and a classified format so that those items the Defense Department and the Missile Defense Agency believes should be secret will be kept secret, and it will be reported to us in a classified form.  Let me say that one of the persistent criticisms of the first test of the missile defense system--the land-based midcourse system--was the fact that the tests were unrealistic. In fact, this criticism--particularly by the scientific community--led the Missile Defense Agency to adopt a much more realistic, thorough, and exhaustive test process for our missile defense system.  That criticism, in effect, has been very helpful to the development of the national missile defense. I think it is something that should be encouraged--certainly not discouraged.  This view is also shared widely in many other places. Yesterday USA Today had an editorial which said ``The Pentagon policy wrongly shields missile defense data.''  They went on to point out that past scientific commentary about the performance of weapons systems has been very valuable in terms of improving those systems. They point specifically to the Patriot system. Initially, the Defense Department claimed that the Patriot was wildly successful in the gulf war.  It turned out that a scientist at MIT was able to look at some of the news video. He observed, based on his scientific training, that these claims were dubious. In fact, he proved to be correct. Once the Pentagon publicly acknowledged that the effectiveness ofthe Patriot was not as they had originally claimed, it was the beginning of serious work to accelerate the development of additional improvements. That improvement is now the PAC-3 system, a much more capable system.  I believe honestly that the Defense Department would have tried to move to a better version of Patriot anyway, but certainly the public scrutiny of this type of information helped that process move forward much more expeditiously.  As USA Today points out, we could spend up to $100 billion under the administration's missile defense plan. As they say:       Taxpayers deserve assurances beyond the Pentagon's word      that the system works.  This is particularly important when, at the same time the Missile Defense Agency is talking about putting a much broader cloak of secrecy around what they do, they are also saying they want to have a contingent deployment of missile systems as early as 2004.  Again, some of these tests are not even scheduled to take place until after that date. Yet they are talking about a system in which they want to have something ready by 2004.  I fear that the pressure to put something in the field by 2004 will overcome the willingness to be as clear and transparent as you want them to be about these tests.  I hope this amendment will reinforce the Defense Department's view that these details are useful for the Congress and, in unclassified form, useful for the scientific community.  As a former director of operational testing, Phil Coyle, stated in a Washington Post article, on June 11, the new classification policy that is being proposed by the Missile Defense Agency is, in his words, ``not justified by either the progress and tests so far or by the realisms of the test.''  We are still at a very rudimentary stage, a stage in which details of the test will help inform the Congress, will help inform scientific observers, and, I hope, will help us keep this system on track and keep the system, in effect, honest, so that if people are looking closely, all the t's will be crossed and all the i's dotted.  I must also say, at this point, too, that General Kadish, particularly, has committed himself and budget dollars to ensure that a much more realistic and much more rigorous form of testing is employed. That is commendable and, indeed, is supported in the underlying legislation by our authorization.  Testing and reporting of results is very important because, as I mentioned many times, the comments of outside authorities, scientists, are very useful. The Union of Concerned Scientists, for example, prepared a report about the first several tests of the ground-based midcourse system. They made several valuable suggestions.  First, they suggested that you make the end game more realistic. By that, they meant we make the engagement with the kill vehicle and the enemy warhead much more realistic than the tests were at that stage. That is being done, not solely because of the UCS recommendation, but certainly it helped move along, I think, the concentration on more realism.  They also talked about more realistic test conditions. Some of these things do not strike me, at this juncture, as particularly sensitive information.  They talked about the geometry of the interception, whether it is the same flight track for the enemy warhead as well as for the interception vehicle, the kill vehicle.  The time of day: If we are only testing at the same time of day, when atmospheric conditions and sunlight or starlight are most opportune to discriminate a warhead from decoys, that is not a realistic test.  The weather conditions: Are we testing in foul weather as well as fair weather?  The flyout range, the altitude of the intercept--there are many things that are very important. And we should have an idea, on an unclassified and classified basis, of these parameters. And the scientific community should at least have an indication, on an unclassified basis, of what is taking place.  I believe the amendment is important. It is useful. I am extraordinarily pleased that the ranking member, the Senator from Virginia, was helpful in getting this done so expeditiously.  One final point, we are simply codifying what I believe and what I know to be the intent of the Department of Defense.  In that same USA Today article previously mentioned, Secretary Aldridge wrote:       There is not now, and can never be, any component of this      missile defense program classified beyond the reach of the      security clearances of its congressional overseers. Congress'      constitutionally mandated oversight will always be respected.  That constitutionally mandated oversight has been codified in this amendment.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Edwards). The Senator From Virginia.  