President, I would like to take a few minutes before we vote later today on the Graham amendment and the Grassley amendment to describe some of the grave concerns I have with the tripartisan amendment sponsored by Senators Grassley, Jeffords and Breaux.  The tripartisan Senate bill offers the following ``benefits'' to seniors: an expected monthly premium of $24; a beneficiary must cover the first $250 in drug costs; then half of his or her drug costs are covered between $251 and $3,450; at that point the beneficiary is then responsible for all drug expenses between $3,451-$5,300;  Moreover, the plan claims to offer assistance for low-income beneficiaries. What is not mentioned is that a strict asset test would prevent 40 percent of low-income seniors from even qualifying for this subsidy. A car, a wedding ring, or a burial plot over a certain value would render a beneficiary completely ineligible.  The purpose of insurance is to provide protection against certain costs. The kind of insurance some of my colleagues in the Senate have proposed would leave those seniors and persons with disabilities holding the bag when their drug expenditures are highest. Under the tripartisan plan, beneficiaries could still be required to pay thousands of dollars in drug expenditures.  This proposal would create a serious lapse in what is supposed to be a safety net for our most vulnerable citizens, only paying a quarter of an average Rhode Islander's prescription drug costs.  When a person breaks an arm, Medicare pays for the whole cast, not half. A prescription drug benefit should pay for all of your benefits.  There are other nonprescription-drug-related provisions contained in the tripartisan bill that are also of great concern, particularly Title II, the ``Option for Enhanced Medicare Benefits'' section. To me, the provisions outlined in this section of the bill are a direct affront on the Medicare Program as we know it. It seeks to create a new Medicare option that combines both Part A and Part B with a combined premium.  Under this option, a beneficiary would pay more upfront, out-of-pocket costs, such as a $10 co-payment for the first five home health visits and $60 per day for the first 100 days in a skilled nursing facility. In return, the beneficiary would pay nothing for preventive health services such as mammography and cancer screening and would receive protection against catastrophic health care costs.  This new Medicare benefit option would reverse the universal nature of our current program by creating a new line of services for those who can pay more. During the Balanced Budget Act debate of 1997, I fought against the addition of copayments for home health and other essential services because they threaten the access of low-income beneficiaries to those services.  This new enhanced benefit option would create a two-tiered system of the haves and the have-nots. Since there is no premium assistance for low-income beneficiaries who may wish to enroll in the enhanced benefit option, only more wealthy beneficiaries would be able to afford it. And since it requires beneficiaries to pay a greater share of their upfront costs, it would divert healthier, younger beneficiaries from the traditional program. This adverse selection would ultimately result in higher costs for those who remain in the traditional Part A and Part B program.  The sponsors and supporters of the tripartisan Senate bill have argued that even though our Nation's most vulnerable citizens deserve a Medicare prescription drug benefit they can depend on, the proposal offered by Senators Graham, Miller, and Kennedy is simply too expensive. I would like to take a moment to highlight for my colleagues a recent report by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities that I believe adds an important perspective to that point of debate.  The report compared the cost of last year's tax cuts with the costs of two prescription drug proposals for the Medicare population. The estimated 10-year cost of the first plan being roughly $350 billion and the second $700 billion for the same period. The report found that when the tax cut is fully in effect, the cost of the tax cut for just the top 1 percent of the population would exceed the entire difference in cost between the two prescription drug proposals.  I voted against the President's tax cut because I felt that it failed to leave room for critical immediate needs such as a prescription drug benefit, nor did it allow us to adequately address the long-term solvency of Social Security and Medicare.  Once Congress enacts a Medicare prescription benefit, it will be difficult to modify or significantly alter it. If we are going to enact a benefit, we must pass a solid, reliable benefit that will continue to meet the needs of Medicare beneficiaries in years to come. And if resources are the issue, many Members have already stated clearly that there is a way to address that issue, either through the reserve fund set aside in last year's budget or by other means.  