I do not disagree with that point, but I am making a different point, which I will make again; which is, regardless of what caused them not to spend the money last year, that money seems to be entirely available this year, together with our proposed funding level, and gives the Missile Defense Agency over $10 billion to spend on missile defense in fiscal year 2003. That is robust funding by any definition. The suggestion that we are cutting out the heart of funding for missile defense is, I think, erroneous.  We are supporting very strongly a missile defense program, but we are not supporting it without looking carefully at its components and making tough choices about priorities of spending.  That is why, as a result of our proposed reductions, we were able to move significant amounts of money into shipbuilding, which every Member of this body strongly recommends, commends, and supports. In addition, we were able to move some money into Department of Energy security for their nuclear facilities, which is very important. We also have, in fact, provided a bill that robustly supports missile defense.  We did reduce the overall recommendation of the Department of Defense for missile defense, but we also added funds into specific missile defense programs which we believed were underfunded. For example, we added an additional $30 million for test and evaluation of missile defenses. One of the persistent criticisms of our missile development program is that they have not had realistic testing, that they have had tests but they didn't really represent in any meaningful way the type of actual environment in which the missiles must operate. We added additional resources. This is one of the recommendations of everyone who has looked at the Missile Defense Program.  We have added $40 million for a new, powerful, sea-based radar for the Navy theater-wide system. Again, this is a system which General Kadish, director of the Missile Defense Agency, announced 10 days ago or so was a likely candidate for contingency deployment in the year 2004.  That was not suggested or recommended by the administration, but we believed very strongly that an additional $40 million to develop this radar was key to developing the Navy theater-wide system which could be the major element of the sea-based system.  We have also added $40 million for the Arrow missile defense system. That is a joint United States-Israeli program to develop and field--and it is far into the development phase--a theater missile system that will protect not only Israel but United States forces, too, because we hope we will emphasize interoperability as we go forward with the development of that system.  Many colleagues have said the danger of terrorists obtaining missiles is acute in the Middle East, and we are putting more money into the system than was requested by the Department of Defense to ensure that our allies and our forces in that region have an effective missile screen. That is a plus--not a minus--that we added, that the administration did not request.  We have also included $22 million for an airborne infrared system which could be used as a near-term, highly accurate detection and tracking system for national or theater missile defense. Again, this was not requested by the administration but supported and included by our deliberations at the committee level because we do in fact want to see an effective missile defense system fielded at an early time.  Let me talk about some of the reductions we made. Before I get into details, we asked some basic questions: What are you going to spend the money for? What is the product? What do you want to buy? When do you plan on deploying such-and-such a system? Frankly, the answers we got were very vague, very ambiguous. The Missile Defense Agency seems to be in the process of redefining their role, which is incumbent upon this new agency. But in that phase of redefinition, they were not able to provide the kind of specific data we requested. In fact, in some cases they just plain refused to provide any really adequate information.  One example is that in last year's authorization, we requested, required by law in the report language, that they report to us on the life-cycle costs of any system going into the engineeringphase. THAAD was in that engineering phase, and THAAD is a theater ballistic missile being developed right now. Rather than reporting to us the life-cycle costs, they simply administratively took THAAD out of that engineering phase, which suggests to me that either they don't have these life-cycle costs or they were unwilling to share them with the Congress.  We have to know these things. We have to make judgments about critical systems, not just missile systems, shipbuilding, the operational readiness of our land forces, our air forces. All of these are tough choices with scarce resources. At a minimum, we have to know how much these proposed systems will cost. In the case of missile defense, it is very difficult, if not sometimes impossible, to get that information.  We looked at programs and expected they would be justified and detailed in concrete ways. Frankly, we found many programs that appeared to be duplicative, ill-defined, and conceptual in nature. And these programs were not inconsequential. We are not talking about a couple of million dollars to do a study, we are talking about hundreds of millions of dollars; in the case of the Navy theater-wide, $52 million to do a study of concepts for sea-based midcourse naval defense.  So that was the approach we took: Look hard at all of these programs, with the purpose of trying to ensure that missile defense development goes forward but also to ensure we had resources for other critical needs of the Department of Defense.  One of the areas that appeared to us to be the least well justified was the area of the BMD system cost--approximately $800 million--used, as they say, to integrate the multilayered BMD system. First, there are a couple of timing issues. The various components of this BMD system have not yet been decided. As a result, they have an awesome challenge to integrate components that have not been decided upon. That is just an obvious starting point. Again, there was not the clear-cut definition of what they were doing, and $800 million is a great deal of money to spend on simply contracting for consultants, engineers, and systems reviews, particularly when the architecture of the components is not yet established.  We also found out, as we looked back at last year's authorization, which included a significant amount of money for this BMD system, that the Department of Defense, as of midway through the year, had only spent about $50 million. We were informed that throughout the course of the year they are expected to spend about $400 million, leaving about $400 million of resources in this one particular element, BMD systems, that is available for fiscal year 2003 spending. So even with our reduction in BMD systems, they will still have a significant amount of money, upwards of $1 billion, for fiscal year 2003, in this one category of BMD systems.  Again, if you ask them what are they doing: We are integrating systems. We are planning, and we are thinking.  All of that is very fair, but is that a sufficient justification for $1 billion when we have other pressing needs for national defense in this budget?  As we go forward, we looked, again, very carefully, at all the different elements. We made adjustments that we thought were justified by the lack of clear program goals, by duplicative funding, poorly justified funding, and then we looked at other issues.  For example, the THAAD Program. THAAD is a theater missile defense program that has been under development for several years. It had its problems years ago. It was, frankly, off course. One of the conclusions of the Welch panel that looked at the THAAD Program was that they were rushing to failure. They were trying to do too much too fast. They were abandoning the basic principles of developing a system, good requirements, moving forward deliberately, testing carefully. As a result, the program was in danger of being canceled. The program is back on track now, with better engineering, commitment by the contractors. They are moving forward.  But what the administration would like to do now is to go ahead and purchase 10 extra missiles for the THAAD Program. The problem is that the first flight test for the THAAD is in fiscal year 2005. We fully fund this flight test, $895 million for the THAAD for developing the missile, for flight testing in 2005. But ask yourself, why would we buy 10 unproven missiles several years before the first flight test?  The administration talks about a contingency deployment. That is nice, but the first real flight test is several years from now. And in a scarce, tough budgeting climate, why are you buying 10 extra missiles that appear to be unnecessary before they follow through with the first test flight. So we made a reduction of approximately $40 million for those extra missiles.  Now, we also looked at some of the funding for what they described as boost phase experiments--$85 million. We found these very ill defined and conceptual. That is a lot of money for ``experiments,'' without other explanation.  Then we looked at the proposal to buy a second airborne laser aircraft, $135 million. The airborne laser is an interesting system, designed to mount a laser in a 747 and use that to knock down a missile as it leaves the launch phase in its boost phase. It is very complicated technology, challenging just in the simple physics, let alone the hardware that you have to construct. I am told that the prototype laser is twice the size of a system that can fit on a 747. I am also told that the 747 that they are outfitting has yet to have been flown operationally in this capacity in a test.  So you asks yourself, when you have not developed a laser, when you have not used it on the aircraft to actually engage targets, when you are working on basic optics problems and physics problems, why do we have to buy a second airplane in this year? When, for example, you have people complaining that the real chokepoint in our airplane fleet are tanker aircraft to support our ongoing operations. This is an example of expenditure we thought was unjustified. As a result, we suggested and recommended that there be reductions in this program.  Now, I wish to mention one other point in conjunction with the airborne laser because I think it is important. One of the things we discovered in our deliberation was that the Department of Defense has not only totally revamped the Missile Defense Agency, but it is trying to give it an autonomy that exists for few, if any, other defense programs. It has effectively eliminated review of its activities by the JROC, which is chaired by the Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff, the warfighters who eventually will use all this equipment. We believe, as with most other programs, that it is required for these people to have a say whether and how missile defense is being developed.  We found out that the Joint Chiefs of Staff were not consulted about this budget that was submitted from the National Missile Agency for missile defense in general; that they did not have an opportunity to say you are spending too little or too much. They were frozen out. Those are the senior uniform leaders of our Armed Forces and they didn't get a say in determining what should be spent on missile defense.  As we develop these systems, we have to think, even at this point, how are we going to use these systems? The airborne laser has real potential in a tactical situation where you are going against theater missiles. If it is going to be used in a national missile situation, where we are trying to back down an aggressor that threatens us with an intercontinental missile launch, a couple issues should be considered: first, this is a 747 doing circles close to the airspace of a hostile nation. If we believe they have the capacity and the will to shoot an intercontinental missile at us, we have to assume they have the capacity and the will to knock down a 747 as it circles in the air waiting for the blastoff. So our first reaction militarily, I think, would be that we would have to dominate the airspace, send our fighters in to preempt the attack so they won't have to send the 747. Why don't we preempt the launch by attacking?  These are some of the operational issues that are being addressed. All we are speaking about here is technological possibilities, but until they are integrated in with the coherent advice of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and JROC, the weight of that advice and of these proposals, I think, has to be questioned. That is our job.  Now, we spent a great deal of careful time reviewing all of these systems. AsI said, we support robust deployment of systems. The PAC-3 system is a theater system that is well on the way to operational readiness. It is being tested right now. We have made some substantial and robust expenditures for the THAAD Program. Navy theater-wide is a program we are supporting in terms of its testing and evaluation. We support the ABL concept. We are funding it but the question before us is, Is it time to buy a second airplane now? I think the answer is no.  The midcourse, the land-based national defense system in Alaska, has been robustly funded. A few days ago the administration announced that a test bed has been started in Alaska for five missiles. That is fully supported in this legislation that we bring to the floor--even though there are real questions about its utility for anything more than a test bed, or even for a test bed.  A contingency deployment would be likely directed against those nations identified as the ``evil empire.'' It turns out that the radar that the system being used in Alaska, the COBRA DANE radar, does not face in the direction of Iraq and Iran. It would be impossible to track those missiles. It has partial coverage of North Korea, but it would be difficult to cover with that radar. The administration has rejected a proposal supported under the Clinton administration to build an X-band radar in conjunction with the Alaska test bed. One of the reasons that the X-band radar was so important was indicated by General Kadish and others in their testimony.  One of the real challenges for a midcourse interception is to identify the warhead from all of the clutter, including decoys that would likely be launched. To do that, you have to have a finely discriminating radar. The X-band is much more finely discriminating than the L band, which is COBRA DANE. The administration says forget that, we are not doing that. Yet we have funded this proposal fully because we recognize that the X-band radar is an important aspect of defending the country. Yet we also recognize we don't have a blank check. We have to make tough judgments about what we spend.  So the idea that we are sort of blithely cutting programs and eviscerating missile defense is, I think, wrong on its face. There is $6.8 billion in this year, coupled with almost $4 billion of funds, that can be used from this year, meaning the fiscal year 2003 budget, coupled with almost $4 billion still available from the fiscal year 2002 budget, is robust funding for missile defense.  My last point is something that I think is important to emphasize in the context of not just this program, but the overall challenge we have. When Secretary Rumsfeld came up to the Appropriations Committee to argue for the cancellation of the Crusader system, he made the point--which I think in his mind was very clear--that we face a defense bow wave of epic proportions as we go forward. If we fund all the programs that we are proposing right now, we are going to have some very hard choices. One of the problems with Secretary Rumsfeld's evaluation is it doesn't go as far as I think it should because, as far as I know, he is not including the cost of the deployment or operation of any missile defense system in the bow wave.  As we consider the long-term implications, we must consider that we cannot just add funds. We have to be careful about it, and we have to be very careful about what these funds will be used for. We have done a very thorough, detailed review of these programs. We have made suggestions based upon the review. There are other pressing needs. The most glaring to me is homeland defense and antiterrorism expenditures.  There, the possibility for extra spending probably exists. Here I think we have made sound choices about priorities that will help enhance the defense of the country. I urge my colleagues to consider carefully the proposals that Senator Levin might make but ultimately to, I hope, agree that the bill we brought to the floor contains robust spending that will enhance our defense through wise expenditures with respect to missile defense.  I yield the floor.  