President, I rise in strong support of the Sarbanes legislation.  We have been buffeted over the last several months on a daily basis with news of companies with accounting practices that have led them to bankruptcy, have left them without the means to carry on their business, have left their workers without jobs, and have devastated their pension funds. Day after day after day, a litany of accounting irregularities surface on the front pages of America. It has translated into a growing lack of confidence in our markets.  We are here today with the critical role of reassuring the American public that we will pass legislation quickly that will restore their confidence in our financial system.  This crisis is deepening with each day. Therefore, we must move forward deliberately, carefully but very quickly, to ensure that we can communicate with the American people and let them know we are aware of these problems and we are correcting them.  I just came from a press conference to which we invited representatives who manage public pension funds. It is a staggering sense that we are seeing out there, not just problems on Wall Street but problems on Main Street. Essentially what has happened is that the American public has become invested heavily in our capital markets, in our equities, not just individually but particularly through pension funds. Sixty percent of the assets of defined contribution plans are invested in equities or mutual funds. About 70 percent of all of these funds together is creating a situation in which, when Wall Street has a problem, it translates to every corner of the country.  We have to step forward. We are stepping forward. The Sarbanes bill is a strong bill. It has been made even stronger with the adoption yesterday, in a bipartisan vote, of the Leahy amendment. We are going to create an oversight board for accountants that will truly be independent and will have the force and the teeth to get the job done.  The Sarbanes bill also proposes the serious separation of the auditing function and other consulting functions that accountants can perform. If youare going to be an auditor, you have to be an auditor, not an auditor and consultant. This is an important step forward.  Also importantly, the Sarbanes bill will require that the SEC receive the necessary resources to get the job done. There have been for decades extensive security laws on our books. Unless these laws are enforced, they are not effective. Frankly, some of what we are discovering is a lack of enforcement. You have the SEC that is overwhelmed with filings and not capable of reviewing all those filings, not capable of taking the kind of proactive action which is necessary to avert the crisis we have seen.  We are indeed at a critical moment in our history. We have seen the market over the last few days take huge losses. That suggests that not just the American public but the world is growing more and more concerned with our accounting practices, our transparency, whether or not a financial statement by an American publicly traded company can be relied upon.  One of the ironies of this is a year or 2 ago, 3 or 4 years ago certainly, we were out offering our market to an emerging economy in Russia as the model; in a way, sort of looking at them, saying: Boy, if only they would adopt our accounting practices, the kind of tough rules we have, it would be a huge step forward in their development as a market economy.  Well, ironically, today we have discovered that what we thought was a very thorough, comprehensive system is not as thorough and comprehensive as we thought and did not have the kind of integrity we need to ensure investors that when they read a report from an American company, that report is accurate. That used to be the standard.  I mentioned previously that I had the occasion to attend a press conference with representatives of public pension funds. One of the individuals was the first comptroller of New York City.  Let me give you an idea of the dimension of a problem we are talking about. On an annual basis, the city of New York has been contributing about $600 million a year to their pension funds in order to make sure those pension funds are actuarially sound, that they can pay the benefits for all of their retirees. They still can do that today, but the pricetag has gone up to over $1 billion in a year. They estimate, if the market continues, that they will be paying on the order of $3 billion in a few years. That money comes from taxes paid by the people of New York, and it comes from cutting other programs. It is a huge problem.  At the core of the problem is this lack of confidence, the daily spate of news reports saying essentially that the accounting practices of major publicly held companies are absolutely erroneous. We have to reverse that tidal wave, and we have to do it quickly. We can begin to do that by strong support of the Sarbanes bill.  Many people have called this an investors' bill of rights. I think they are correct. I commend and compliment the chairman of the Banking Committee, Senator Sarbanes.  This is an example of how legislation should be done. This is an example of a careful, thoughtful process through the committee. I know the Presiding Officer, as a member of that committee, contributed substantially to that process. It was a delight and pleasure to work with Senator Sarbanes on the Banking Committee, to see that careful, thoughtful approach--with 10 hearings, witnesses from every sector of our economy, including perspectives from those who manage pensions, those who are security experts, and those who are business leaders. All of those perspectives were brought together in this legislation, which is thorough, comprehensive, and, in my view, outstanding.  Then, also, to be able to fashion a bipartisan group of support was critical here and throughout our country. This is a textbook example by a master of how to move legislation through this body, but, more importantly, how to respond to the compelling needs of the American public. I commend and thank Senator Sarbanes and his staff for their great effort.  We are at a point we can begin to see--if we move forward in the next few days--a new regime of securities laws that will feature an independent, full-time professional oversight board to monitor the behavior of accountants. We will also see guidelines on which nonaudit services are prohibited, so there will be a separation between the audit and nonaudit services. That should prevail. This is very important.  I was an attorney in private practice and did corporate work. Frankly, I assumed that what I saw in that report, signed by a distinguished auditing firm, was gospel and not to be contradicted; that it was the final judge about disputes on costs and facts about what the company was doing and what they were disclosing and what they didn't have to disclose. I always assumed that it was the accountants who were answering those tough questions. They were literally the bad guys. There were a lot of creative CEOs, CFOs, and lawyers. In fact, they were often satirized, and the most uncreative part of the management was that auditor who was telling you, no, you cannot do this. That, obviously, over the last few years, has eroded tremendously.  With the Sarbanes bill, we will clearly delineate those activities that can and should be performed by an auditor. It will also shore up tremendously corporate responsibility and require CEOs and CFOs to certify the accuracy of the company's financial statements. It will also increase the amount of the financial disclosure that a company must conduct in the course of their business.  Many of the exotic arrangements that brought down Enron were never disclosed to shareholders and the investing public. As a result, those entities, when discovered--such as CHEWCO--were the instruments of the demise of that company. Those kinds of off-balance-sheet transactions will have to be disclosed if the bill passes, and I think it is necessary to do that.  We are also dealing with the very real need for increasing funding for the SEC. That is a critical component of the legislation.  The President was in New York City making a speech, calling for $100 million--or probably closer to $300 million, or more--that we need to ensure that the SEC has to conduct their activities. So we are moving forward and ensuring that, I hope, we do this.  Our record over the last several years has not been as aggressive as I would have liked it to be. I supported a measure a few years ago--in fact, I think last year--in which we passed legislation that lowered various fees that are involved in securities transactions, with the idea that we would, at the same time, increase the pay within the SEC to attract better workers and more sophisticated individuals there, to complement what is going on in the private market where legal salaries are very high. The transaction reduction fee went down, but the pay parity never went into effect. So I think we have to follow through not only with this authorization but also with appropriations to make sure that can occur.  So we have a situation where we are moving forward and in which the Sarbanes legislation, I hope, will be complemented by legislation proposed by Senator Kennedy to directly affect pension operations in the United States. These two pieces of legislation--hopefully brought together quickly, passed through this body and by the other body, and signed by the President--will send a signal to the American public, the investing public in the U.S. and around the world that our markets are the best in the world, that they can rely upon every word in a financial report, and to have fully disclosed the financial conditions of publicly held companies in the United States. If we do that, it will be a huge benefit not just to Wall Street but to Main Street.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  