President, I would like to take a few minutes to share with my colleagues my thoughts about the Graham-Smith amendment that the Senate will be voting on shortly. I have to say that the proposal currently before us is a far cry from what I have previously supported and certainly no where near what I had hoped for in terms of a Medicare prescription drug benefit.  Indeed, this is not the benefit we ultimately should enact and, more importantly, this is not the benefit our seniors deserve. At best, the Graham-Smith proposal provides a universal catastrophic benefit to those seniors with the highest prescription drug costs and it will aid those States that do not already have a State-based prescription drug benefit. These concessions, offered in a spirit of compromise and bipartisanship, limit the effect and reach of this bill. Chief among these concessions has been cost. That constraint on resources is driven predominately by the passage of the President's tax plan, which leaves us with resources that are only sufficient to meet the needs of low-income seniors and those who spend over $3,300 out of their own pocket.  Nevertheless, the proposal does start us on the road to a universal, voluntary benefit for our Nation's elderly and disabled population by offering a comprehensive benefit for those living below 200 percent of the Federal poverty level. According to estimates, nearly half of the Medicare beneficiaries in Rhode Island would be eligible for the fully subsidized Federal prescription drug benefit. In addition, the amendment provides catastrophic coverage for drug costs above $3,300. And, contrary to other proposals, these benefits would be provided in the same manner that seniors receive all other health care benefits: through Medicare.  There are however several areas where I feel this amendment falls short.  First, seniors above 200 percent of poverty would receive, for a nominal annual enrollement fee, a discount card that would provide an automatic 5 percent Federal subsidy for all drug costs and additional savings that are expected to be captured through the negotiation of lower drug prices from the manufacturers. However, questions have been raised recently as to the effectiveness of prescription benefit managers, or PBMs, to achieve the best price for their subscribers. I believe that the potential benefits and drawbacks of PBMs on such a large scale have not been thoroughly explored, nor has the question of whether PBMs are a reliable mechanism to achieve lower drug prices been answered. I am also concerned about having a discount card as the sole source of coverage for beneficiaries above a certain income level because I believe it deviates from the basic tenents of the Medicare program and may not provide the kind of assistance seniors and disabled persons with substantial drug costs might need.  Second, there is no requirement that States with existing pharmaceutical assistance programs for low-income seniors, like my home State of Rhode Island, maintain their commitment to this particularly vulnerable population. I believe that the Graham-Smith amendment would have a much greater impact if it acknowledged and rewarded the ongoing efforts in many States and encouraged them to work as partners with the Federal Government to build a far-reaching prescription drug benefit that would offer more robust assistance to many more of our elderly and disabled than the Federal Government can currently achieve on its own.  While I understand that many of our States are facing dire budgetary situations, I believe our commitment to providing struggling States the temporary support they need has been demonstrated through the Rockefeller-Collins-Nelson amendment which passed the Senate by an overwhelming margin last week. I am disappointed that the Graham-Smith amendment does not take the role of the States into more serious consideration. If the proposal is enacted, I hope to work with my colleagues to strengthen the State's role in this program.  The plan that I cosponsored and supported, the Graham-Miller-Kennedy amendment, was the only true Medicare prescription drug proposal to be presented to the Senate. It is the only one that would have created a guaranteed, univeral benefit for all Medicare beneficiaries, regardless of income. In terms of the benefit structure, it required a modest monthly premium and reasonable co-payment for prescriptions. However, this benefit was deemed to be too costly by many of our Republican colleagues given the current Federal budget deficits. I would argue that we might be in a different position if we had not enacted a major tax cut bill last year.  Nevertheless, my colleague, Senator Graham, has tirelessly worked to craft a scaled-back benefit proposal that is modeled after the Ensign-Hagel amendment and would seem to meet the chief concern of my Republican colleagues and should garner their support. I commend Senator Graham and others for their efforts on this critical issue and I intend to support his amendment in the spirit of compromise and moving this debate forward. The Graham-Smith amendment is certainly not the end of the road in terms of the prescription drug issue, it is only the beginning. If Congress is going to have a serious chance of getting a Medicare prescription drug bill to the President's desk this year, we must take action now. I hope my colleagues will follow the lead of our colleagues, Senators Graham and Smith, and work towards the enactment of a Medicare prescription drug benefit.  