President, my colleague, Senator Collins, and I would like to engage in a colloquy regarding the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program, or LIHEAP.  The Northeast-Midwest Senate Coalition, which I chair with Senator Collins, is a bipartisan coalition of Senators from the Northeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic dedicated to improving the environmental quality and economic vitality of the region. The Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program is a vital program to our region. LIHEAP provides home energy assistance to some of our Nation's most vulnerable citizens, including families with children, the elderly, and disabled individuals.  People in our region know that cold weather kills. Mr. President, the facts speak for themselves. According to the Centers for Disease Control, between 1979 and 1998, hypothermia claimed the lives of over 13,000 Americans, twice as many Americans than died due to excessive heat. Residential energy costs in the Northeast and Midwest are more expensive which means that families in the region spend a greater amount of their incomes on home heating. It also requires more energy to heat a home than to cool one. LIHEAP households in our region spend over twice as much to heat their homes in the winter than it costs to cool a home in the south in the summer. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, during the peak winter heating season, energy bills can frequently reach up to 30 percent of a low-income family's income, especially if they live in substandard housing.  This winter, the average temperature in Rhode Island was in the low-30s. Without heat, these temperatures arelife-threatening. In my State, sweaters and blankets are not enough to keep you warm. If heating assistance is not available, low-income families, senior citizens and disable individuals living on fixed incomes make drastic choices, they go without food, prescription drugs and other basic necessities in order to maintain heat in their homes. On average, it cost $1,200 to heat a home in Rhode Island last year. Low-income families cannot afford these costs. LIHEAP provides vital assistance to keep the heat on for these households.  In February, my home State of Rhode Island ran out of LIHEAP funding and had to close its program. I received phone calls from a number of senior citizens who were unable to heat their homes because they ran out of heating oil. To help low-income families address the runaway costs of home energy bills, we need greater funding for this program. This year, Senator Collins and I lead a bi-partisan letter supported by 37 Senators that requested $3 billion for the LIHEAP program in fiscal 2003. I will ask unanimous consent to print a copy of the letter in the Record, and I want to thank Senators Harkin and Specter for their strong and consistent support of this program.  Senators Harkin and Specter increased LIHEAP funding by $300 million in fiscal year 2002. Unfortunately this was not enough to help States address the unmet need. During the winter of 2000/2001, the Nation experienced extraordinarily and unprecedented levels in energy costs along with colder winter temperatures. Many low-income families and senior citizens are still trying to pay off from the energy debt they incurred last winter. While energy prices are lower this year, they are not low by historic standards and the prices for natural gas and home heating oil remain at significant costs for many Americans. The recession is also an increasing need for assistance.  There is something that President Bush can do immediately to help low-income households meet their energy needs. Congress appropriated $300 million in the FY2001 Supplemental Appropriations bill for emergency LIHEAP assistance. For incomprehensible reasons, the President has chosen not to release the emergency LIHEAP funding. And, the President's budget inexplicably requests $300 million less for this program in 2003. Leadership and action are urgently needed to help low-income working families and senior citizens, and I hope the President will take action to release the emergency funds.  Next year, the Health, Education and Labor and Pensions Committee will begin reauthorizing the LIHEAP program. I want to thank Senator Kennedy for his support of this program. I look forward to working with him and my colleagues to improve the LIHEAP program and increase funding.  