I am pleased this has received the unanimous support of this entire Senate. It is an outstanding issue that needs to be addressed today. There are millions of Americans who are exhausting benefits as we speak. Looking forward, the prospect is that more and more Americans will exhaust their benefits. The benefit extension is just simple justice for these Americans and will also provide real stimulus for our economy.  The reality is, if you have been laid off from work and you are depending upon unemployment checks, you are not typically putting that check under your mattress. You are going out and buying food, buying clothes for your children, paying your rent, doing those things that will put resources directly and immediately into the economy. That is the whole point of any stimulus proposal, to put resources directly and immediately into the economy.  That is why I have to take exception to the comments of some of our colleagues who talk about the fact that we have not done anything to stimulate the economy, to help secure the jobs of those who are still working.  Frankly, we can tell a lot about people from what they support and what they reject. If Members support the permanency of the estate tax, they should know that is not at all stimulative. It occurs 10 years from now, long after we have worked through this economic cycle one way or the other. It provides no immediate stimulus. It provides no immediate incentive for behavior because the estate tax comes with death--not a conscious decision by most people. So it has no stimulative effect. That is what they are proposing to help the Americans who are working today. It will not help people today. It will help a very few, and 10 years from now.  Now, they reject proposals such as Senator Daschle's proposal to provide a rebate for working Americans who did not pay income tax. It was quite disturbing to me that the insinuation was that these people are not part of our economy; they did not pay income taxes, why should they get any rebates?  What those Members misperceive and misunderstand is the huge contributions that these millions of poor, working Americans make, in a range of endeavors, that immensely help our economy. They work very hard and, at the same time, payroll taxes are some of the most regressive taxes that Americans pay. As a result, these individuals should get some relief. Again, most likely those resources would go directly and immediately back into the economy.  So the arguments by the other side--their claims that nothing has been done to help Americans who are working today--are not consistent with the proposals they make and the proposals to which they object.  If you look in the President's budget, you'll find another indication of the insensitivity, I would say, to the issue of Americans struggling to keep their jobs and struggling to find jobs--a significant reduction in job training funds. These moneys are necessary to put people back into the workplace, to give individuals the skills they need to enhance their jobs or even keep their jobs in a tough, competitive climate.  So the rhetoric about doing nothing to stimulate the economy is just that. Senator Daschle made proposals that would stimulate this economy without long-run detrimental effects to our fiscal discipline.  That stimulus package, that I would argue is the only real stimulus package, was rejected by the other side. So we are left to do something that is absolutely necessary, necessary both on the grounds of providing justice for Americans and also on the grounds of providing some limited stimulus for our economy.  There are nearly 5 million workers who are out of the job market but want to work. Many have left the job market because they have been discouraged, which factors into the slightly lower unemployment rate last month. The unemployment rate went down not because there are more jobs. In fact, we lost jobs. The unemployment rate went down as people left the labor force, many discouraged by the lack of employment opportunities. For those people and for others, these unemployment benefits are important.  In January, more than 2.5 million people had been unemployed for 15 weeks or longer, and nearly half of those people had been unemployed for more than 6 months. We have in the past responded to that dilemma, that crisis, by extending unemployment benefits. I am pleased today this body has taken action to do that.  Even if the economy begins to recover, this problem will stay with us. At the end of the recessions of the last several decades, unemployment, particularly long-term unemployment, continued to linger. On average, long-term unemployment rates grew for 9 months after the official end of the recession. So even if today--and I think we are unsure of this--even if today we are seeing some change in economic conditions, we will still see continued unemployment problems and we will still have to respond to it.  Indeed, this effort should be bipartisan because, not only in this Senate but throughout the country, I believe most people recognize the right thing to do and the smart thing to do is to give unemployed individuals a chance to get benefits until they get the opportunity to work again. Alan Greenspan, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, has pointed it out. His words:       I have always been in favor of extending unemployment      benefits during periods of rising unemployment. Clearly you      cannot argue that somebody who runs past the 26-week level      is slow for not looking for a job or not actively seeking      to get re-employed. There are just no jobs out there.  Those are Chairman Greenspan's words. We have to respond to that, recognize that, and I am pleased that the majority leader today took that action and received the support of this Senate.  About a week ago Senator Collins and I wrote to Senator Daschle and to Senator Lott and urged them to move on this measure if we could not find a compromise on the stimulus package. Again, I am pleased today this measure is moving forward. It does make sense. It is good policy with respect to people who need help. It is good for the economy. These resources will go back immediately and directly into our economy, helping to spur, we hope, consumer demand and help us out of this recession.  I commend the majority leader. I am pleased we are able at least to accomplish this today. I hope we can return to the stimulus debate again, but a debate about real stimulus proposals, not a debate about the warmed over tax proposals of last spring, the second phase of the tax cuts, the second phase of those tax cuts that contributed and will contribute more to the deficit in the years ahead.  Instead of those warmed over proposals, let's look at things that will help Americans and the American economy directly, immediately, in this quarter, not 10 years from now. Let's do those things.  I hope when we return to this debate we will be conscious of trying to stimulate the economy and not simply trying to rehash old tax proposals.  I yield the floor.  