 As I understand the amendment of the Senator from Virginia, it does several things. First, it assumes there will be approximately $814 million in savings because of the inflation figures. Then it sets up two categories of funding that this extra money, if found, isto be used for: missile defense or counterterrorism activities.  But then at the end of the amendment, it proposes to set the priorities for allocating these scarce resources. As I read the priority, it is everything that the Department of Defense does, because the priority would be activities for combating terrorism and protecting the American people at home and abroad.  I suggest--and I doubt anyone would argue--that the crew of an American nuclear submarine patrolling the depths of the Atlantic or the Pacific are protecting Americans at home and abroad. I argue that Marine guards in embassies throughout the world are protecting Americans. I argue that troops that are training for possible deployments overseas are protecting Americans at home and abroad.  The fact is that this priority is no priority at all. The fact is, this debate is a debate about whether we will use extra resources to fight terrorism or for a national missile defense shield. If you ask any American, their answer would be obvious and automatic: Protect us from terrorism. Why? I don't know if they have read the national intelligence estimate of December 2001. It says:       In fact, U.S. territory is more likely to be attacked with      [weapons of mass destruction] from non-missile delivery      means--most likely from terrorists--than by missiles,      primarily because non-missile delivery means are less      costly, easier to acquire, more reliable and accurate.      They can also be used without attribution.  They might not have read in detail the national intelligence estimate, but that is what our intelligence officials are telling us: The most likely and immediate threat is terrorists attacking us, and perhaps with weapons of mass destruction, but not an intercontinental ballistic missile attack on the United States.  On September 23, 2001, a few days after September 11, the Federal Aviation Administration grounded crop duster aircraft nationwide because of concerns that they might be used in chemical or biological terrorist attacks. This marks the third time since the September 11 terrorist attacks that crop duster aircraft have been grounded. The other two groundings were from September 11 through September 14, and from September 16 through September 17.  Again, ask yourself, is that a threat that national missile defense can prepare for? I should add that, as the Senator from Virginia said, we are concerned about the future; but this authorization is for next year. This issue is what funds will be spent next year--the extra funds that will be available. This year and next year, the American people will say unhesitatingly: Protect us from terrorism. That was September 23, 2001.  October 11, 2001: The Federal Bureau of Investigation issues a warning that there may be additional terrorist attacks in the United States and against U.S. interests overseas in the next several days.  I do not suspect that any of those warnings were tied into the use of an intercontinental ballistic missile to attack.  October 29: The Federal Bureau of Investigation issues a warning that there may be additional terrorist attacks in the United States and against U.S. interests overseas in the next several days and that Americans and police should be on the highest alert.  Again, that is not coupled with any specific indication that an intercontinental ballistic missile would be involved.  December 3, 2001: Director of the Office of Homeland Security Tom Ridge at a White House press briefing said: `` . . . the quantity and level of threats are above the norm and have reached a threshold where we should once again place the public on general alert, just as we have done on two previous occasions since September 11th.''  December 22: Flight attendants and passenger subdue a man reportedly trying to set his shoes on fire on American Airlines Flight 63 from Paris to Miami carrying 185 passengers and 12 crew members. The plane is diverted to Boston's Logan International Airport, escorted by two U.S. Air Force F-15 fighter jets. Boston Airport authorities say the man appears to have been carrying C-4, a powerful plastic explosive, in his shoes. The suspect is identified as Richard C. Reid on his British passport.  Once again, ask yourself, if you are allocating money, do you allocate it to screening passengers better, or to x-ray baggage better, or to doing things for a national missile defense?  January 29, 2001: In his State of the Union Address before Congress, President George W. Bush says U.S. forces in Afghanistan `` . . . have found diagrams of American nuclear power plants and public water facilities, detailed instructions for making chemical weapons, surveillance maps of American cities, and thorough descriptions of landmarks in America and throughout the world.'' Warning that ``thousands of dangerous killers . . . often supported by outlaw regimes, are now spread throughout the world . . . '' The President promises to continue the war on terrorism at home and abroad.  Were those plans and diagrams used to target an ICBM, or were they used to infiltrate terrorists into the U.S. to attack those facilities?  January 31, 2002: An internal alert warning that Islamic terrorists are planning a major attack against American targets appears in a classified document issued by U.S. intelligence agencies. The alert reportedly specifies several potential methods of attack and targets: a nuclear powerplant or nuclear facility bombing, bombing a U.S. warship in Bahrain, a suicide airliner attack on a building, and bombing a vehicle in Yemen.  Again, none of those threats raise an ICBM attack, or even a theater missile attack on the United States.  February 11: Federal Bureau of Investigation issues a warning that more terrorist attacks may take place within the United States and against U.S. interests in the country of Yemen on or around February 12, 2000. In its warning, the FBI specifically identifies Yemeni national Fawaz Yahya al-Rabeei and several of his associates as suspects, and Yemen as their possible target based on information gathered an detainee interrogations at Camp X-Ray on the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and in Afghanistan. The warning advises Americans and law enforcement agencies to be on the highest alert and requests help in identifying these suspected terrorists.  April 19: Federal Bureau of Investigation issues a terrorist threat alert identifying U.S. financial institutions in the Northeast as possible targets.  April 24: The FBI issues a terrorist threat alert identifying shopping malls and other public places as possible targets, according to news sources.  May 13: U.S. authorities have received reports from different intelligence sources of a threatened July 4, 2002, attack against an undetermined U.S. nuclear powerplant in the Northeast by al-Qaida terrorists.  May 20: FBI Director Robert Mueller tells a gathering of the National District Attorneys Association that walk-in suicide bombings, such as those that have taken place in Israel, are likely to occur in the U.S. The Director says, ``We see that in the future. I think it is inevitable.''  News sources report that the FBI has issued informal warnings that terrorists might rent apartments at large apartment complexes, pack the apartments with explosives, and detonate them.  Ask yourself: How much will a missile defense system protect us against a suicide bomber walking into a mall or walking in and exploding an apartment building?  May 21: The FBI issues a terrorist threat warning to New York law enforcement agencies that it has received ``unsubstantiated and uncorroborated information that terrorists are considering attacks against landmarks in New York City.''  May 28: Hans Beth, director of the antiterrorism and organized crime division at Germany's BND foreign intelligence service, says at a conference in Bonn, Germany, that the al-Qaida terrorist network is active, regrouping, and recruiting new members, according to the Associated Press. The director says:       We believe that bin Laden himself and several of his      confidants are still around to give the impulses for attacks.  May 29: Customs Commissioner Robert Bonner, in an Associated Press interview, says that every Customs inspector will be equipped by January 2003 with a pocketsize radiation detector, and that Customs is working withother countries to screen cargo containers before they are shipped to the United States. The Commissioner cautions, however, that ``there are no guarantees'' that improved border security will prevent a terrorist from smuggling a nuclear weapon into the United States.  Again, this is not something with which a national missile defense system could cope and for which it is not even designed.  May 30: New sources report that the Federal Bureau of Investigation issued an alert on May 22, 2002, to Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies warning that al-Qaida terrorists may be trying to target commercial aircraft by using shoulder-fired antiaircraft missiles. Reportedly, the warning was issued after U.S. military personnel found a spent portable missile tube outside the Prince Sultan Air Base in Saudi Arabia earlier in May 2002.  May 31: The Washington Times reports that classified U.S. Government intelligence reports indicate that Islamic terrorists may have smuggled portable shoulder-fired Russian SA-7 surface-to-air missiles or U.S. Stinger antiaircraft missiles into the United States.  Again, ask yourself how we should be allocating extra funds to protect the people of the United States if those funds become available.  June 7: Reuters News Service reports that CDR Jim McPherson, a U.S. Coast Guard spokesman, says the Coast Guard issued a warning to all of its units to be on alert during the June 7 through 9 weekend for ``possible acts of terrorism targeting the Nation's ports, bays, rivers, and shores.''  June 10: Attorney General John Ashcroft announces the disruption of ``an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the United States by exploding a radioactive `dirty bomb.' ''  June 12: CBS News reports the Immigration and Naturalization Service issued a June 6, 2002, security alert instructing INS agents at U.S. airports, borders, and ports to do ``[a] complete and thorough search of all baggage'' carried by Yemeni travelers, except those carrying diplomatic passports, and make ``an inventory of all effects.'' The order was reportedly prompted by the discovery of several thermos bottles--some rigged with batteries and wire--during a raid in the northeastern United States of an apartment that housed several Yemeni nationals. The alert instructed agents to look for ``large sums of currency, night vision goggles, or devices.'' It also warned against agents opening any thermos bottles.  June 14: A suicide bomber drives a car filled with explosives into a guard post outside the U.S. Consulate in Karachi, Pakistan, killing 11 Pakistanis and injuring at least 45 people, including one U.S. marine who was slightly wounded by flying debris.  June 16: The Washington Post reports that three Saudis seized in Morocco told interrogators that they fled Afghanistan and came to Morocco on a mission to use bomb-laden speedboats for suicide attacks on U.S. and British warships in the Strait of Gibraltar. The three Saudi men were captured in May 2002 in a joint Moroccan-Central Intelligence Agency operation.  June 21: The Federal Bureau of Investigation issues a terrorist threat alert warning that terrorists might be plotting to use fuel tankers to attack undetermined Jewish neighborhoods and synagogues, according to the Associated Press.  June 25: The New York Times reports that, according to congressional officials, Capitol Police in Washington, DC, are stockpiling up to 25,000 gas masks to protect tourists, lawmakers, and their staffs in case of a terrorist attack.  If you ask the American people how this money should be prioritized, the answer is clear, overwhelming, and irrefutable. The highest priority should be the war against terrorism, certainly at this moment and certainly in this next fiscal year. As a result, I believe Senator Levin's amendment is not only crucial but essential so that the direction, at least the sense of this Congress, is clear. I hope we will support this second degree amendment.  In addition, I should point out again that we are robustly funding missile defense activities. We have done that. Our proposal is $6.8 billion for fiscal year 2003. We expect an additional $4 billion to be available since it was not spent last year. This gives us in the next fiscal year over $10 billion to use on national missile defense--theater missile programs, national missile programs, boost phase, midcourse phase, terminal phase, the latest system which this administration is pursuing. That is adequate and sufficient in our view, but in addition, as Senator Levin pointed out, recognizing the top priority of terrorism, the language still would allow, even as amended, some resources to be devoted to additional national missile defense activity, if the President determines that.  Having listened to this litany of warning emanating from the administration itself, it is hard to think that there is a higher priority at this moment and next year than counterterrorism.  We have supported robust activities to test and deploy missile defense systems. There is full support for the Alaskan system. There is full support for research, experimentation, and testing. In fact, we have added money to these categories.  We have added money for the Arrow missile, an important theater missile system we are developing jointly with the Israelis.  We have added money for radars for Navy sea-based systems.  What we have cut are those ill-defined, duplicative programs that are not going to advance, we feel, the development of this missile system, and we are looking to the future.  A $10 billion investment next year, a combination of our authorization and residual funds, is an important downpayment, a substantial, robust downpayment on a future system that will counter future threats.  What we are suggesting in this bill is that when you look closely at the suggestions and recommendations of the Department of Defense with respect to terrorism operations and contingencies, there is a long list of items not funded. Senator Levin's priority and my priority would be to fund these counterterrorism activities.  There is, for example, $871 million for improved security on the list of unfunded priorities by the services. The Special Operations Command found an additional shortfall of $42 million in items that they could not provide to protect units fully, from their perspective, against terrorism on their installations.  The second item, for example, on the Air Force list of unfunded items is $149 million for improved physical security at its bases.  The Navy's list included an additional $263 million for improvements to Navy installations.  The Army identified $110 million of unfunded force protection needs.  These funds will be used to protect military installations, naval stations, shipyards, fencing off installations, airfields, and keeping intruders away. All of them are very necessary. But because we were making difficult judgments about priorities--and that is what our job is--we could not fund these compelling needs. I suggest if there are inflation savings, that is where they should go, and that is what the Levin amendment will direct, suggest, at least make as the policy of this Congress: That our highest priority is counterterrorism.  In addition to this $914 million of unfunded force protection requirements, the services and Special Operations Command identified $184 million in unfunded priorities for defending against and managing the consequences of attacks using weapons of mass destruction.  As a national intelligence estimate suggests, if such an attack takes place within the foreseeable future, it will not be as a result of a missile strike, but terrorists detonating some type of weapon of mass destruction in the United States. Our services are asking us for $184 million to respond, to defend against, and manage the consequences of such an attack. The Marine Corps, for example, identified over $27 million in shortfalls for their chemical and biological incident response force. The Air Force had an unfunded priority of $92 million for equipping installation first responders to manage WMD attacks.  The Navy had a $20 million unfunded priority of this same line, the first responders within the services to respond to a weapons of mass destruction attack. The Air Force also had a $33 million unfunded requirement for bolstering the defenses of their personnelagainst weapons of mass destruction attack, and Special Operations Command had a $12 million shortfall for counterterrorism activities. If we add the $914 million of unfunded priorities related to protecting the Armed Forces by attack from terrorists to the $184 million of unfunded priorities related to defeating and managing WMD attacks, we reach a total of over $1 billion.  So it is clear that the Special Operations Command have urgent, indeed critical, need to combat terrorism.  So when we pass legislation that says there are two categories of spending for additional resources made available through inflation savings, one is missile defense, and one is combating terrorism, I think we need the Levin amendment to say our highest priority is combating terrorism, equipping our military forces to protect themselves and to protect us, at a minimum. But we also understand, even if we are able to provide these resources to our Department of Defense, where are the additional resources for the Department of Commerce to make sure that all of their activities complement and supplement the activities of the Department of Defense? What about the Coast Guard? Do they have enough resources to protect all of our ports? What about the FAA installing additional security measures in airports? All of these priorities are immediate, extraordinarily important, and have to be addressed.  We have the opportunity today to make it clear that if these resources are available, they will be going to the most immediate, the most dire, threat we face, based upon our intelligence estimates, based upon the numerous statements by the administration, and we should do that confident we are providing a robust funding source for national missile defense development in every phase of their multilayered operation.  I hope my colleagues will support enthusiastically the Levin amendment. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Corzine). The Senator from Alabama.  