President, I rise today to recognize the 181st anniversary of Greek Independence that will be celebrated Monday, March 25. Not unlike our founding fathers who sowed the seeds of the American revolution by forming the underground society, the ``Sons of Liberty,'' Greek patriots seeking democracy established the ``Friendly Society'' in Odessa in 1814. Their ideals spread and the Greek people eventually rose up on March 25, 1821. This day would mark the beginning of an 8 year struggle against the might of the Ottoman Empire whichhad ruled Greece for 400 years. In 1829, the Greeks were the first to win their independence from the Ottoman Empire, and were formally recognized in 1832. Their success spurred on other groups.  But this 19th century revolution was not the first time the Greeks had contributed greatly to our world. In ancient times, Greek civilization established traditions of democracy, society and culture that resonate today. These Greek cultural accomplishments deeply influenced thinkers, writers and artists, especially those in ancient Rome, Medieval Arabia, and Renaissance Europe. Modern democratic nations owe their fundamental political principles to ancient Greece. Because of the enduring influence of its ideas, ancient Greece is known as the cradle of Western civilization.  In fact, Greeks invented the idea of the West as a distinct region because they lived west of the powerful civilizations of Egypt, Babylonia, and Phoenicia. Today we continue to marvel at their advances in philosophy, architecture, drama, government, and science, with people worldwide enjoying ancient Greek plays, studying the ideas of ancient Greek philosophers, and incorporating elements of ancient Greek architecture into the designs of new buildings.  So I am proud to recognize the continued contributions of today's Greek-Americans to our country and my home State of Rhode Island. Although the earliest Greeks to come to America were men of the sea, sailing with Christopher Columbus, Ferdinand Magellan and other Spanish expeditions to the New World, today's Greek Americans are involved in all aspects of American business and society, contributing with their hard work and active citizenship.  I would also note that the Greece-US relationship has deepened over the years and there are extraordinary opportunities to strengthen it even more. We share mutual concern for greater security, stability and prosperity in the Mediterranean, Southeastern Europe, and the Caucasus. The Greeks have traditionally been active as well as a force of progress in these regions and their experiences will help the United States as the two countries partner to face the challenges of the new century.  I am proud to join many of my colleagues as a co-sponsor of Senate Resolution 214 which designated March 25, 2002 ``Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy.'' I give Greek Americans my best wishes as they celebrate Greece's independence.  