President, I rise today to briefly describe an amendment that I filed to the fiscal year 2002 Emergency Supplemental Appropriations bill currently before the Senate. Simply, my amendment dealt with the Food and Drug Administration's `Pediatric Rule,' which the agency issued in 1999 to require that companies conduct clinical trials in which children are the subjects for drugs that may provide a health benefit for the pediatric population. After discussing my amendment with several colleagues, I have decided not to offer it at this time. I believe, however, that this is an important issue that must be settled this year.  In 1999, FDA issued new regulations requiring pediatric studies of certain new and marketed pharmaceutical and biological products. The agency determined that most drugs had not been adequately tested in the pediatric population. The 1999 rule requires that manufacturers of certain products provide sufficient data and information to support the directions for pediatric use for claimed indications. The pediatric rule filled an important gap in FDA's regulation of drug and biologic products. I know that many of us have been concerned about the lack of important pediatric information on marketed drug products.  The rule and the Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, which was enacted in January of this year, have different provisions, though they complement each other in important respects. The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act provides incentives for companies to test products in children and provides them with six month pediatric marketing exclusivity for products approved for pediatric use. The statute does not require any pediatric testing. In addition, the rule includes biological products in its requirements whereas the statute does not. Many of the new products that may provide significant health benefits to the children of this country are biologics. And the statute only allows each product to be considered once in its lifecycle, which means that FDA cannot request information on any pediatric uses not anticipated at the beginning.  I understand that the Secretary of Health and Human Services supports the continued enforcement of the pediatric rule and that he so stated in a Labor Health and Human Services Appropriations Subcommittee hearing earlier this week.  Congressional action ensuring that the pediatric rule remains in effect for the foreseeable future is necessary and appropriate, and I look forward to working with my colleagues in the coming weeks on this issue.  