President, I appreciate the point that has just been made. My amendment, if I was allowed to proceed, would have dealt with the issue of secondary workers, providing them the same types of protections which are available to workers in facilities that are directly affected by trade actions. This is an amendment that is cosponsored by Senator Bingaman, the Presiding Officer, Senator Corzine, and others. It comes directly from the original legislation that Senator Bingaman submitted, S. 1209, which recognizes that the effects of trade are not discretely limited to individual companies but also affect those vendors, suppliers, and workers who support that company. I think that is a principle that is beyond debate.  When a factory closes, it is not just the factory workers, it is the truckers, it is the tradesmen who work in that facility who very often see their livelihoods completely exhausted by the effects of trade.  As a result, this legislation was originally proposed by Senator Bingaman. It was part of the proposal Senator Daschle made. It was part of the discussions. Unfortunately, regretfully, and I think unfairly, it was deleted from the provision which is in the underlying bill.  As a result, I would have offered either the substitute amendment or, indeed, would offer the amendment now which would have included the effects of the trade adjustment benefits for those secondary workers. Again, I think it makes quite a bit of sense.  Our definition of a secondary worker is someone who must have supplied a service or contract to the firm that has been certified as going out of business due to the direct effect of international trade. Perhaps the most compelling examples are those individual teamsters who service businesses that might, in fact, go out of business because of trade. They, too, lose their livelihood.  I know my colleague, Senator Boxer of California, has offered an amendment that deals directly with the issue of truckers and teamsters. My amendment would apply to any worker who could validly make the claim of being, as I said, by contract or some relationship, related to a factory that is being closed down.  The point I should also make is this provision would only give the workers or their representatives the opportunity to apply for these benefits because they have to be certified. It has to be shown that they have lost their job because of the effects of trade. The certification process, as we all know, is a rather difficult one. It is not presumed. It has to be proven. In this context, we are not opening up the floodgates. We are merely giving people who have lost their livelihood because of trade a fair chance.  The most compelling point I urge in this whole area is we did precisely this under the NAFTA agreement. We provided for TAA benefits for workers, secondary workers, who were affected by the NAFTA agreement.  So I urge very strongly that we overlook any of the procedural impediments and go to the heart of this matter. Give secondary workers the same rights as those factory workers who might lose their jobs because of the adverse effect of trade.  We can do that by accepting the Reed-Bingaman-Corzine amendment. We can do that as we did in NAFTA and give all workers who have lost their jobs because of trade the benefits of the TAA assistance that has been provided on a limited basis in the underlying agreement.  I urge my colleagues to support this effort.  At this time I retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  