President, I rise this afternoon to join my colleagues and the growing chorus requesting that the Senate move expeditiously to pass a universal, voluntary, and affordable prescription benefit plan under Medicare.  I am a proud cosponsor of the Graham-Miller-Kennedy proposal, which I think is the right approach to provide a voluntary, universal, and affordable prescription drug benefit for our seniors.  In 1964, Congress took the bold step to enact a health insurance program that guaranteed coverage for all seniors and disabled persons in the country. That boldness has been justified over the last decade because it has improved materially the health of seniors, and, indeed, this development has improved their economic standing as well. But it is time for their Congress to bring that Medicare Program into the 21st century.  Back in 1964, the key elements of health care for seniors and for all Americans was access to hospitals and access to doctors. Medicare provided for both.  Today, there is a third critical element. That element is pharmaceutical benefits. Thus, we must bring the Medicare Program that has served us so well over these last several decades into this new century by providing a prescription drug benefit for our seniors.  Today, Medicare beneficiaries account for 14 percent of the population, but they account for 43 percent of the Nation's spending on prescription drugs.  You can see that the population most affected by the use of pharmaceuticals and the rising costs of pharmaceuticals is seniors. Another reason why we have to move quickly and expeditiously to provide assistance under the Medicare Program.  Today, the Medicare Program covers approximately 39 million Americans, about 170,000 of my fellow Rhode Islanders. It is a program that is integral to the health and economic security of our seniors and to all of our families. For this system to go forward, it has to be strengthened by pharmaceutical benefits.  I would like to talk briefly about some of the trends we have seen with respect to prescription drug benefits, to highlight the strengths of the Graham-Miller-Kennedy proposal, and to contrast this proposal with competing proposals: the House version and the tripartite package that is before us in the Senate.  Before I do that, I want to commend majority leader Daschle for bringing this matter to the floor. This is an issue which every senior and every family in this country is acutely aware of and who have called for our attention to it for many, many years.  This is not something new. There was at least rhetorical consensus in the last election when both sides claimed they were for the inclusion of a prescription drug benefit under Medicare. We have reached the point where words have led to action on this floor. I thank the majority leader for forging that action as we debate this issue today.  I think it is also appropriate that this legislation has been brought together with another bill, the Schumer-McCain legislation that was modified in the HELP Committee by Senators Collins and Edwards, which provides benefits, we hope, to the entire population of this country when they purchase pharmaceuticals, because it will hasten the introduction of generic drugs into the marketplace while preserving the integrity of our intellectual property system.  These two bills together--a prescription drug benefit for seniors from the Medicare system, and strengthening and speeding access to generic drugs in the country--I think are appropriate responses to the legitimate, persistent, and long-standing demands of the American public.  Last year--if we look at the spending on pharmaceuticals--out-of-pocket spending on prescription drugs was estimated to be $848 a year among Medicare beneficiaries. Nine percent of them, however, spent more than $2,500 a year. This is an extraordinary amount of money for people who are living on fixed incomes. You do not have to talk to too many seniors before you hear their legitimate complaints, that they often have to choose between buying their prescriptions or paying their rent.  Today, we had an event in Providence, RI, where we had seniors and physicians talk about that issue. A physician who joined us was very eloquent on this subject, pointing out that often his patients will tell him the choice they face is either filling their prescriptions or paying the telephone bill that month. That is a choice many seniors have to make. Frankly, many of them will choose to have the telephone--for an emergency, for a lifeline, for communication with their families--and they will forgo the prescriptions.  The doctor spoke of one case--one among many--where he was treating an elderly person, a woman, for high blood pressure, and she could not afford the full range of drugs he prescribed. So he tried to make do with whatever was in his supply cabinet: the samples he got from pharmaceutical companies. This caused, of course, a situation where they were frequently changing prescriptions; and even then she could not fill all the prescriptions because of her economic circumstances.  The high blood pressure was treated on an ad hoc basis. Sometimes she could take her medicine because she could afford it; sometimes she could not. And what happened? The lady suffered a devastating stroke. Ironically, today that doctor can prescribe and ensure she gets the full complement of pharmaceuticals because she is disabled and her health care is paid for through the Medicaid Program as a disabled citizen. That is not right, and it does not make any sense. If that woman had been covered by the provisions of the Graham-Miller-Kennedy bill, she could have purchased those medicines that would have, hopefully, prevented her stroke.  That is just one example, but we see it time and time again. Seniors are under tremendous financial and economic strain, as prescription drug costs go up and up and up.  I spoke to another senior this morning: 70 years old, still working, and working primarily to pay for her prescriptions. She said she went back to a druggist the other day and was told her drug cost over $100. She cannot afford it.  These are the realities that seniors face throughout the country. The bill Senators Graham, Miller and their colleagues have proposed--and one I proudly support--will address those concerns. They will provide a prescription drug benefit that is voluntary, a benefit that will require a $25 monthly premium, and no deductible. It will require the senior to pay $10 for generic prescriptions, $40 for a preferred brand name prescription, and $60 for a nonpreferred brand name prescription--simple, direct, well defined, the essence of what I believe we should do to help seniors.  The bill sets forth a clearly defined framework for what a Medicare recipient would expect to receive in benefits. The assistance is there from the very first prescription. There is no deductible. There are no gaps or limits in coverage. There is a catastrophic cap on out-of-pocket expenditures above $4,000. And there are additional subsidies for individuals with incomes below 150 percent of poverty--simple, direct, well defined, the essence of what we should do.  It is a program that will not be administered at the discretion of private health insurance. It will be a Medicare program, available to every American, no matter where they live, something I think should be inherent in any drug proposal we make here on the floor of the Senate.  In contrast, the House bill and other Senate proposals do not provide reliable drug coverage as part of Medicare's defined benefit package. These alternative bills have no defined benefit, no guaranteed premiums, no standard copayments or cost-sharing. And because the plans rely on private insurance companies and HMOs, the actual benefit a person receives could vary, depending on where that person lives.  As we have experienced with the Medigap and the Medicare HMO market, private insurers are not capable, often, of providing stable, predictable coverage that older Americans and the disabled need and deserve. I hear regularly from constituents who are confused and upset by the constantchanges in premiums, copayments, and benefits under these plans. And I suspect the same confusion will result if these pharmaceutical plans are administered exclusively by private insurers.  So I believe we should move forward, very deliberately and very quickly, to adopt the version proposed by my colleague from Florida, Senator Graham.  Again, in contrast to the Graham bill, the House-passed bill would require a monthly premium of $34, but the first $250 in drug costs must be assumed entirely by the beneficiary. You would be paying a premium, and yet you would be getting nothing for the first $250 in costs.  For the next level, from $251 to $1,000, you would only pay 20 percent. But then, if you went over $1,000, you, the beneficiary, would have to pay 50 percent of the cost. And what, to me, is the most astounding aspect of this House proposal is, once a patient spends up above $2,000, they would have to pay the entire cost of their prescriptions until $4,800. Just at the point where these pharmaceutical costs were accumulating, a beneficiary would have to pay all of the costs and still the premium.  This bill and its counterpart, the tripartisan bill in the Senate, I think, are not sufficient to meet the task before us. I urge my colleagues--all of my colleagues--to support strenuously the Graham-Miller-Kennedy bill and provide seniors and the disabled with a real pharmaceutical benefit.  I yield the floor.  