 This morning and this afternoon, we have engaged in a discussion with respect to the stimulus package. Senator Daschle, the majority leader, has fought for a sensible position which represents, really, as he says so well, the common ground that exists between both parties. Recognizing that we need 60 votes to move to passage of a legislative initiative, his approach has the most merit and the most probability of passing. So I encourage my colleagues to support the proposal of Senator Daschle.  In a sense, what he has done is combine the common elements of both Republican and Democrat proposals to find the provisions that will garner the necessary 60 votes to go forward so we can provide real relief in a timely fashion to millions of Americans who are facing difficult economic times.  At the core of his proposal is extending unemployment benefits for an additional 13 weeks. Routinely, during previous recessions, we have done so. This is a recognition that there are literally millions of people who have beenthrown out of work because of economic circumstances as well as the areas of New York City and around the Pentagon, in some cases, because of the attacks of September 11 and the recession that began in March 2001.  The reality is that there are millions of Americans who need assistance. The unemployment rate is growing. More important than that, perhaps, for our consideration is that the number of people who have been unemployed for a long period of time is growing. In the robust economy of the nineties, when people lost jobs, they quickly found other jobs. Today, they find themselves, if not permanently, then in many respects for a much longer period of time, without access to work. They need these benefits.  Extending unemployment compensation also stimulates the economy. Typically, someone who is relying upon unemployment benefits will take those checks and immediately pay their bills, go to the store, provide food for their children, pay their rent, immediately infusing those dollars into the economy, increasing the consumer spending, the lack of which is one of the causes of the recession we face. So it is a proposal that is commendable on two major points: It helps hard-working Americans and will get our economy moving.  Similarly, the Daschle approach talks about tax rebates for those people who did not enjoy the previous tax rebates enacted last spring.  These are individuals who may not pay income taxes, but they pay a great deal of their hard-earned wages in payroll taxes. For those individuals, they deserve the kind of rebate that others received.  There has been an insinuation in some of the discussions on the floor today that these people do not contribute to our economy, that somehow they are not part of the great economic enterprise in our country, I must disagree very strongly with that proposition. These are the men and women who get up each day, go to very difficult jobs in hotels, driving trucks, small businesses, running them and sometimes working in them. These people deserve the same kind of benefits others receive.  In addition, a rebate for these individuals also achieves a second important goal. Typically, money received by wage earners will go right back into the economy because in a household living on minimum wage or near minimum wage, struggling to raise children, struggling to get by, there is always the opportunity to spend a little bit more on the children, to spend a little bit more to defray the cost of life.  Again, Senator Daschle's proposal has touched upon a topic that is very important to both sides, and that is bonus depreciation for business: Give business incentives to make sure they go back into the capital markets, to go ahead and buy capital equipment, to make investments which we hope will be both productive and also get the economy moving.  One of the key differences between the Daschle proposal and other proposals is that Senator Daschle recognizes that in order to be effective as a stimulus, it has to be timely, it has to be limited to this year, not 2 and 3 years from now when this recession, we hope--indeed, we believe--will be something in the past. If we want to be effective, if we want to stimulate the economy, then we have to focus and target this bonus depreciation for business.  The final element in this package is fiscal relief for the States. We have to recognize that the States are under extraordinary pressure because of this recession. Their tax revenues have fallen, but their commitments to human services and to a host of other programs will not abate. They must have the resources to provide for medical assistance for working Americans. They must have the resources for the child protection system, which the States run. They must have the resources for education, which the States primarily run.  Those obligations will not be held in abeyance during this recession. We have the opportunity, if we support this initiative, to provide resources to the States, and if we do not provide those resources, many States--most States--will be required constitutionally to balance their budget by raising taxes or slashing their social services budgets, which will only worsen the impact of the recession on some of our most vulnerable citizens.  One of the ironies of our debate today is that while many of my colleagues are talking about accelerating tax cuts, if we do not provide assistance to States, we may very well see the States raising taxes which will be a further check on our recovery.  Senator Daschle's legislation makes eminently good sense on economic grounds, and it is the only proposal which has received the support of a sufficient number of Senators so that it can be enacted into law, or at the very least passed by this body and sent to conference with the other Chamber.  The resistance to moving forward quickly on this package, is truly something to behold even in light of Senator Daschle's offer to allow for amendments from both sides of the aisle. But frankly, this is the core of the economic initiatives that we agree upon and which will provide real relief, first, to struggling Americans and, second, overall to an economy that is in recession.  Madam President, I have the responsibility of serving as the vice chairperson of the Joint Economic Committee. Our staff has been doing an outstanding job trying to pull together the economic analysis that should provide us at least a roadmap, if you will, for any economic stimulus legislative. Let me summarize the consensus view of our current economic situation.  First, despite some encouraging signals about the economy, it remains weak. Just ask anyone who reads the newspapers and they can tell you that. When Ford Motor Company lays off thousands of people, when a major retail chain, Kmart, goes into bankruptcy reorganization--interestingly enough, I was talking to someone who is connected to one of our larger toy manufacturers in the United States, who told me there are only four major distribution channels for toys in the United States, the four major department store chains, and one of them, 25 percent of the retail market, is in bankruptcy reorganization. So we have a very weak economy.  There are many conditions in place already for a recovery, and most forecasters believe that within 3 to 6 months, there will be an economic recovery. But most also believe this recovery will be rather anemic, rather weak; it will not be the kind of robust growth that we saw in the nineties.  Indeed, all of these forecasts are based on some significant uncertainties. Two significant uncertainties are the condition of foreign economies such as the economic meltdown in Argentina. The question is: Will it be contained to Argentina? Will it spread to other parts of South America? Will other countries find themselves in economic distress?  Generally speaking, this recession is not unique to the United States. It is a worldwide phenomenon. Those economies will affect whether we come out of this in a robust fashion and when we will come out of this recession.  There is something else, too, that is an uncertainty: consumer spending. Will it bounce back to the levels that have sustained this economy over the last several years, or will people for many reasons, because of concern about their safety, because of a sense in this moment of national danger? Will those psychological factors and sociological factors undermine a robust response by our consumer sector? It may be that the patterns of past economic recoveries are not applicable today.  Even though forecasters are projecting recovery, there is much uncertainty. Even when the recovery comes, one of the great tasks will still be undone, and that is to provide support and help for those who are out of work today, who deserve the opportunity to support their families while they wait for this economy to recover.  One of the interesting facts about economic trends is that even when the economy begins to respond, when gross domestic product becomes positive again and starts growing, usually unemployment continues to increase for many months after that. In the nineties, when the recovery took hold unemployment continued to increase for about 15 months.  For most Americans, the economy is measured by one simple fact: Do I have a job? And, collectively, what is the unemployment rate for this country?  We can foresee even with a modest rebound this year or next year the single factor that confronts most families, their economic index--do I have a job?--is still going to be questionable. So we have to act.  Again, Senator Daschle's proposal, at its core, at the heart of it, has a very simple, time-tested provision: extending unemployment benefits. At a minimum, we should be able to agree to do that this week.  I mentioned there were some encouraging signals about the economy, and it is fair and, I think, appropriate to mention those.  First, we have seen an increase in the average weekly hours worked in manufacturing. Up until recently, those hours were declining, signaling a weakness in our manufacturing sector, which because of the relatively high pay of that type of work is a pillar of our economy. And we are beginning to see that initial claims for unemployment are not increasing with the same level each and every week.  We have seen some increases in new orders for capital equipment, particularly information technology. Again, a great deal of the boom over the last decade was fueled by increased investment in information technology, computers and routers and service and a host of other equipment. That appears to be coming back.  Once again, it is very fragile. If we listen to the commentators on the business channels, one week Intel will do well because they are shipping a lot of chips, and the next week their projections are down and their stock goes up and down. So we are certainly not out of the woods, but there is some encouragement.  There also seems to be increased optimism among the purchasing managers in the country. Those business men and women who are in charge and want to go ahead and order equipment, seem to be much more optimistic. So there is encouraging news.  All of this is good news, but as I said before, our economy is still weak and a well-tailored, well-timed, and well-targeted stimulus package would still be a boost to our economy.  The economy is weak in many different ways. The unemployment rate rose to 5.8 percent in December. That is 8.3 million people; not statistics, people, 8.3 million people who were told they did not have a job, who had to go home in the evening and tell their spouse they did not have a job, who had to look at their children knowing they did not have a job. They deserve our assistance now, not our rhetoric.  As I indicated before, within those statistics one of the most alarming trends is the increase in long-term unemployment. Nearly 1 in every 7 of those who are unemployed, 1.2 million people, had been jobless for more than 26 weeks, exhausting their benefits or on the verge of exhausting their benefits. So not only do they not have a job, they do not have an unemployment check either, unless we act.  We were looking very closely last December at the holiday sales. They seemed to be better than expected, but I might point out still much weaker than a year earlier.  So we are in a position economically where there are mixed signals, weakness but some encouraging signs. There are also some structural issues that will, I hope, bode well for the future.  First, inflation has been relatively stable. That has been a situation that has allowed the Federal Reserve to employ a very aggressive monetary policy of lowering interest rates to try to stimulate this economy. That is a good thing for us and a good thing for our economy.  Short-term interest rates are as low now as they have been since the 1960s. Although long-term rates have not fallen as much as we would like, they are lower than a year ago. Business inventories are low as well, which is a sign that we are beginning to work through the buildup in inventory which was hampering further production. There are no obvious supply bottlenecks, but the reality is monetary policy alone may not drive us out of this recession quickly enough or robustly enough.  It is interesting to note the remarks of Chairman Greenspan over the last several weeks have been cautious about the timing and the scale of our economic recovery. His recent caution is in marked contrast to his and others past comments. So I think we are beginning to recognize our action would be very helpful to our economy.  I urge, as I have repeatedly, that we act and we act on those sensible proposals offered by Senator Daschle.  As I said, most economists predict a recovery will begin late in the spring. Even if that recovery begins, we still need to assist those Americans who are unemployed today and who will continue to be unemployed. As I mentioned, in the early 1990s, at the end of the last recession, unemployment increased for 15 months after the recession was officially over. It is also typical that those long-term unemployed are the last to find reemployment. So they are in a very precarious position--without benefits, without the prospect of a job, usually the first to be fired and the last to be rehired. We can help them. We must help them. I hope we do help them this week as we consider quickly this legislation before us.  By extending unemployment insurance benefits, we can assist them and we can do it in a way which will not be detrimental to our looming deficit problem because unemployment insurance is a countercyclical program. As the economy recovers, as employment grows, people do not receive unemployment benefits. Today they need them. Hopefully, with a robust economy in 6 months or 9 months or 1 year, those expenses will no longer be borne by the Federal Government. These individuals will be back in the workforce.  I urge, once again, we move very quickly on the proposals that have been suggested by Senator Daschle. All of them have been vetted by economists from a range of opinions. They have been determined to not only help individual Americans but also to have a positive stimulative effect and to help our overall economy by putting money into the economy and by allowing States to forego income or sales tax increases at the State level. All of this makes a great deal of sense and it should be done.  One other point I will conclude with, and we have all been reflecting on the drama in Texas and other places of Enron. One of the most disturbing aspects of that situation is that the retirement security of the employees was ignored by the leadership of that company in many different ways. All of us, every single Member of this Senate, will rightly, I think, very sincerely, criticize what has taken place. But today, we are already encroaching on the Social Security trust fund. That is what it means when we start saying we have a deficit because we are no longer accumulating a surplus. We are now working our way through Social Security funds, funds that have been pledged for over 60 years to those Americans who have reached retirement age. So when I hear discussions about accelerating tax breaks, and when we have people coming out and saying simply, as a matter of faith not economics, we have to lower taxes, I wonder whether a year from now, 2 years from now, 3 years from now, people will look at us as those employees down in Houston look at the Enron leadership and say: You took our retirement. You spent it. You gave it away on bonuses to executives. You just dissipated it, not to help the economy but to help yourself.  So as a cautionary point at this juncture, as we consider a whole range of proposals, I would like to leave at least that thought in the minds of my colleagues.  I yield the floor.  