President, it had been my hope that the Senate would vote today on my amendment to the Baucus substitute amendment No. 3401 to the trade bill, H.R. 3009. Sadly, that will not be the case because of procedural roadblocks that foreshadow the kinds of obstacles that passage of the underlying bill will raise when we consider future trade agreements in the Senate.  My amendment is about fairness for secondary workers who I believe are being treated unfairly. This is why I voted against cloture for the underlying substitute, and one of the reasons why I will vote against the bill on final passage.  Nonetheless, I want to take a few moments to point out the plight of secondary workers, and urge my colleagues to pay close attention to the issue as it continues to develop after we pass this bill later today. Several things have been said on the Senate floor about trade adjustment assistance, TAA, and secondary workers during the length of this discourse on trade, and I think it is important to go back and highlight some of them and reiterate what the truth is in this debate.  Most importantly, I think it is imperative that we realize that however many jobs we may create through export-related activities, we may lose many more due to the impact of imports. The choice before us is, how do we treat those workers adversely impacted by trade agreements in the future? Is it not fair to try to change the rules governing our trade policy to make a more fair and equitable distribution of benefits to those harmed?  If my colleagues believe that is the case for some workers, as demonstrated by the support for TAA in NAFTA and the reauthorization of the program in the legislation before us, then it should be the case for all workers. It continues that this should mean that TAA is available for a particular worker whether they are employed by a factory that is directly shut down by trade, or if they work for a company that supplied parts to that first factory, only if that particular worker has become unemployed due to the effects of trade.  I mentioned in my earlier remarks that the TAA Program has been a successful one since its inception, and I want to reiterate that. In fact, since April 1975 through December 2001, almost 3 million workers were certified as TAA eligible. However, almost 2.5 million workers were also denied certification. This demonstrates the demand for this important program, but also reflects the fact that it is a difficult process--something that would not be altered should we allow secondary workers to be a part of it.  Another point I would like to reiterate from my earlier remarks is the fact that since the ratification of NAFTA, TAA has applied to secondary workers that lose their jobs as a result of the NAFTA trade agreement. In fact, a total of almost 700,000 workers applied for NAFTA-TAA certification from January 1994 through December 2001, and over 400,000 were granted certification.  Although the exact numbers of how many of those beneficiaries were secondary workers are unknown, the fact remains that they have the right to apply for eligibility. Unfortunately, under the pending bill, secondary workers whose jobs have been lost due to a possible trade agreement with Chile, or Singapore, or any other country, will not be eligible to even apply for certification under TAA.  Now let me relay some facts about secondary workers and TAA. A GAO report from October 2000 estimated that there could be from 34,000 to 211,000 secondary workers annually who could potentially apply for TAA benefits. This reflects the depth and reach of trade's effects on the livelihoods of American workers.  Another GAO report from July 2001 showed that $494 million was expended on re-training for about 170,000 workers under TAA. This breaks down to less than $3,000 per worker. I think many would agree that is a small sum comparatively speaking, particularly when one considers the amount of training or schooling an individual can gain from that amount of money.  It is precisely these kinds of workers that so need this type of investment in training and schooling. The GAO reports I earlier referenced cited the fact that about 80 percent of workers using TAA benefits in fiscal years 1999 and 2000 had a high school education or less, compared to 42 percent in the labor force as a whole.  In other words, this is a modest increase in funds for TAA benefits that will go a long way toward a worker's developments of new skills, and reentry into the workforce to be a productive citizen once again.  It is not an excuse to claim that the Department of Labor does not have adequate resources and staffing to deal with an expansion of the TAA Program to secondary workers. First of all, the Department has the experience in dealing with this issue, since it already decides on certification for secondary workers under NAFTA. Second, I believe we have a responsibility to add funding for the Department of Labor in order for it to be able to deal with a potentially larger increase in its workload.  This issue is part of our choice here--do we discount these workers who have added to the economy, who pay taxes, and who provide for their family, just because they do not happen to be directly employed by a particular firm that was shut down by trade? Again, this is unfair treatment to a segment of our population that deserves our help.  I thank the Chair.  