President, this is a very auspicious moment in our history, not just this debate in the Senate but the fact that we are in the midst of a war with extraordinary demands, fiscal demands as well as demands of patriotism, on the country.  Yesterday we raised the debt limit. We are in a situation where there are efforts to fund worthy programs that are supported on both sides. First, of course, is national security, homeland defense, but also an educational proposal that the President championed. Yet at this time, we are considering the total repeal of the estate tax.  A great deal of the discussion is rhetorical. I think it is useful to point out some of the facts with respect to the estate tax. First, no estate less than $1 million is taxed at all today, which excludes the vast majority of Americans. In fact, if most Americans are asked what they are worried about at the end of their days, it is not the estate tax. It is paying for long-term care. It is affording a nursing home without having to sell their home or dig deeply into their savings. That is what most Americans worry about. They are not worried about the estate tax. Ninety-eight percent of estates pay no estate taxes at all.  In 1999, fewer than 49,000 out of 2.3 million estates--that is only 2.1 percent--paid any estate taxes whatsoever. This percentage is projected to drop as the exemption rises from $650,000 in 1999 to $3.5 million in the year 2009. Now, the estate tax repeal will benefit some Americans, very few Americans, and the wealthiest Americans. Estates larger than $5 million paid half of all estate taxes, and if we look at the 467 largest estates, worth at least $20 million, they paid nearly one-quarter of the estate taxes paid. So this is a benefit that will not be fairly shared by all Americans. It will be significantly shared by very wealthy Americans.  Now it should be pointed out, too, that no estate tax is paid if a spouse survives. That spouse does not have to pay estate taxes. Currently, as I indicated, an individual can pass along up to $1 million without estate taxes, and that increases to $3.5 million in the year 2009, and a couple can pass along twice that amount because of the spousal rules.  Furthermore, only a small fraction of taxable estates consisting primarily of family-owned small businesses or farm assets pay estate taxes. This is a topic that receives a lot of rhetorical attention, but the reality is this: In 1999, only 1.4 percent of taxable estates were farm estates, and only 1.1 percent were small businesses. There are already special provisions that are provided for these farms and for these small businesses, such as allowing additional sums to be bequeathed tax free and also deferring payments on taxes for up to 14 years.  Farm estates in 1999 pay only 0.7 percent of all Federal estate taxes collected, and so this is not a crisis of sweeping proportions that is engulfing every farm in America--only very few farms, very wealthy estates. Even among these family-owned farms and small businesses that might actually pay estate taxes, there is scant evidence the tax has a real impact on their operations; that, in fact, they have to sell the farm to pay the taxes or sell the small business to pay the taxes.  One thing that is important to note, a great deal of an estate is made up of unrealized capital gains. The deceased bought property 50 years ago very inexpensively. Today that property is worth a great deal. Under the current system, the heirs get that property with a stepped-up basis and so if they choose to sell the property after they have paid the estate tax or after they have been exempt from the estate tax, they really pay no capital gains whatsoever because significant portions of the property are unrealized capital gains on which no capital gains tax has ever been assessed against the property.  There is another argument that is made by proponents, and that argument is the fact that repealing of capital gains will stimulate economic growth in America, will increase savings, will increase our overall growth. A new report from the Joint Economic Committee and the Democratic staff points out that these claims are exaggerated at best.  Repeal would affect very few families and have very little impact on total capital accumulation in the United States. The tax is very small itself, relative to family net worth. The gross value of taxable estates comprised only 0.3 percent of the total net worth of the household sector, and the estate tax itself claimed less than 0.06 percent. That is what the estate tax claims in terms of the household sector of America. Repeal would have a small, uncertain effect on individuals' private saving. There is no real indication that saving will increase. In fact, it is likely or possible that consumption could increase as people took estimated estate tax payments and decided they were not due any longer under the proposed regime, they would be spent.  It is unclear whether this proposal will increase national saving. Without increased national saving, we will not have the kind of economic growth we want.  This repeal, if enacted, will dramatically and definitely affect the revenues going not just to the Federal Government but to State governments. The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates permanent repeal would cost, in 2012 alone, $56 billion. Others suggest that estimate is rather conservative. There would also be comparable losses at the State level. At a time when we are seeing a deficit situation in the United States, that deficit will be compounded by the loss of the estate tax. It will result in a decrease in public and national saving. As a result, we will not be stimulating the kind of growth we want, for many reasons, including the fact that the purported savings from compliance costs might not be realized either, since most estates, most investors, most people with property will continue, regardless of the estate tax, to plan for the disposition of their assets and engage legalcounsel. The notion that we will save and streamline the cost of providing for the future is not substantiated by the reality of what people do every day.  Now, can we afford to repeal the estate tax? I don't think we can, particularly in a situation where we are seeing the cost likely in the second decade to balloon to $750 billion.  We are considering in the next few weeks legislation both sides support. First, a pharmaceutical benefit for seniors. Will that cost billions of dollars? Yes, it will. Where will that money come from? Right now, it is coming from the Social Security fund and Federal debt if we propose it and pass it. This will make our proposals much more difficult to enact and fund. It is easier to enact than to fund a pharmaceutical benefit. The Department of Defense is proposing a missile defense system supported by both sides. They are reluctant to tell us what the life cycle cost will be over 20 years. Why? Because those costs are likely to be in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Where do we get that money? We are in a deficit now. We will be in a worse situation if we pass the permanent repeal of the estate tax.  We have to recognize that each day we wake up, we encounter a new threat to our national security. Two days ago, the FBI announced they seized a terrorist who was plotting to detonate a radioactive device in the United States, causing us to ask fundamental questions: Are all of our university laboratories with isotopes fully protected? Are all of our reactors, academic and utility reactors, fully protected against theft? That is not an inconsequential cost, but it is a cost we cannot avoid. If we pass this, we will be in a more difficult position to meet those responsibilities.  I urge we reject this approach and adopt the approach suggested by Senator Conrad that raises the exemption level, making it quite clear and obvious we are not going to penalize those smaller estates, we are not going to penalize the proverbial and somewhat, in many cases, elusive family farms that are threatened by this estate tax. I hope we can do that. I hope we reject this proposal and adopt the Conrad proposal.  I yield the floor.  