President.  I rise to respond to some of the arguments made today.  First, my colleague, the Senator from Alabama, at least suggested the Levin amendment somehow would curtail additional spending on future combat systems, on R, and on technology. Frankly, if there is any curtailment, as has been suggested, it is the underlying amendment by Senator Warner. It is very clear. He said, if we have additional savings from inflation adjustments, they will go to two categories of spending: Missile defense, or counterterrorism.  The Levin amendment simply says: Listen, we want to prioritize those expenditures. The President has the right to decide, but it should be the law and the view of Congress--that the most pressing and urgent need of those two is counterterrorism. That is the essence of the Levin amendment.  There is also a suggestion made that somehow this underlying legislation is oblivious to the missile threats we face. That is not at all correct.  Let me go back to the intelligence estimates. I suggested--and, in fact, I read--that U.S. territories are more likely to be attacked using materials from nonmissile delivery means--most likely from terrorists--than by missiles, primarily because nonmissile delivery means are less costly, easier to acquire, more reliable, and accurate.  I suggest if the national intelligence is already telling us the most immediate and the most dire threat we face is a terrorist attack using unconventional munitions, that goes a long way in suggesting the priorities we should adopt in spending the money.  Let me quote further.       They also can be used without attribution. Nevertheless,      the missile threat will continue to grow in part because      missiles have become important regional weapons.  Here we are talking about regional missiles, which were referred to in the old parlance as theatre missiles or medium-ranged missiles.  We are funding and supporting robustly the development of a missile defense for the United States.  The PAC-3 system--our most advanced development--is fully funded in this proposal, both R and procurement. We propose in fiscal year 2003 to buy 72 of these missiles. The first set of operational tests is scheduled for this year. They will complete the first set of operational tests. Soldiers are already operating these systems. And it is capable of prompt deployment to protect U.S. troops from the types of regional missile threats that have been identified by national intelligence assessments. These regional missile threats are different from the long-range, intercontinental ballistic missiles that are the sum and substance of the rationale for a national missile defense.  So we are fully cognizant of the missile threat we face, and we are robustly funding missile defense systems.  Let me also suggest with respect to THAAD--that is another theater missile defense we are developing--that this legislation fully funds the testing and development program. First flight tests are scheduled for fiscal year 2005. That is fully funded at $985 million--almost $1 billion.  What we don't support in the proposal by the administration that they want to buy 10 extra missiles before the first missile is flight-tested. That is not the way you effectively develop a system that will protect the people of the United States. It makes some sense, I think, to at least have the first test flight before you acquire the additional missile.  We have increased the resources available for the sea-based, midcourse--formerly, Navy theatre-wide.  We have added $40 million for the shipboard radar system, which we believe is important if this is ever to work properly.  We increased the administration's request for the Arrow missile, precisely the type of system that will counter a threat from Iran and from Iraq, because long before those missiles could effectively reach the United States, they would likely be targeted on Israel. The Arrow missile system is an Israeli-United States partnership designed to counter some of those threats. We added $40 million.  No one would suggest--at least I won't suggest--that the administration was oblivious to the real needs of defense in that region of the world when they requested $66 million. But I would suggest that we were more sensitive, in a way, to the regional missile threat. So we added $40 million to that. This legislation fully supports and is consistent with the threat.  One of other things I think we have to understand--again, it goes to the point of why we should, if we have to prioritize, be more sensitive in this year and the next fiscal year to terrorism--is that, frankly, our opponents, much to our dismay, are clever, cunning, calculating, ruthless people. They know where our strengths are. They do not attack us on our strength. They find our weaknesses and our vulnerabilities. They will look for these vulnerabilities. As a result, they will conduct, I think, unconventional means of attack. They will challenge us in a host of different ways.  What we are simply saying is, if there are additional resources, and if the choice, as suggested by the amendment from the Senator from Virginia is between missile defense and counterterrorism, the obvious answer, I believe, is counterterrorism. That is what the Levin amendment does. That is what the American people, I believe, will demand.  I think it is also illustrative that the military professionals, the uniformed officers, the men and women who have sworn their lives to protect this country, have a long list of unfunded needs just to protect the security of DOD installations and to respond to incidents of mass destruction caused by some type of weapon. You could fund those needs upwards of $1 billion with the extra moneys available.  So, again, I rise not only to respond, but to place in perspective the point that before we adopt this Levin amendment as a second-degree amendment we must look very closely at what the Senator from Virginia is proposing. Simply, he is saying if we have extra money through savings, through inflation adjustments, then they will apply to two categories--missile defense or counter-terrorism. Of course, our highest priority is everything the Department of Defense has requested in the President's budget. I think we have to make it clear our highest priority today and for fiscal year 2003 is countering the obvious, immediate, dramatic threat of terrorism here at home and abroad in the context, of course, of robust and full funding for national missile defense, and in particular theater missile defense, that precisely responds to the issues raised by the Intelligence Estimate of the growing regional threat from missiles.  I yield the floor.  