But also I thank and commend my colleagues who worked so diligently on this important legislation: Senators Schumer, Corzine, and Nelson of Nebraska, and particularly Senator Dodd. Senator Dodd really led the charge on this important effort, and together with his electoral reform legislation, he has made major contributions in this session. I commend him and thank him for his leadership.  This is a vitally important issue. After September 11, the reaction of the insurance industry to the potential of terrorist attack was contraction coverage. Premiums went up, coverage has shrunk, and many organizations, particularly many properties, could not secure insurance. That inhibited economic growth, and that inhibition continues to weigh on our economy.  This legislation, we hope, and I hope, will go a long way to start reviving activity, particularly construction activity and real estate activity. But the effects of this legislation go beyond simply the property market and the real estate market.  One of the interesting aspects of the 9/11 attacks was the fact that workers' compensation insurance was put at risk because, as you realize, workers' compensation, under law, must cover practically all injuries to workers. And if there is a terrorist event in a particular locale, it is likely that hundreds, perhaps even thousands, of workers could be injured. Those liabilities fall on very few companies. Without reinsurance, those companies cannot operate.  In my home State of Rhode Island, there is one workers' compensation insurance company which is actually a quasi-governmental entity. It is supported by the State. If that company failed, literally the State of Rhode Island would be on the hook to provide the resources to pay workers' compensation claims. It would be a great blow to my State.  This legislation also provides help and reinsurance for workers' compensation claims. So it is legislation whose effect, and beneficial effect, will go throughout our entire economy. It will help, I hope, to stimulate economic activity. And it certainly will give, I hope, business men and women the confidence to, once again, undertake real estate projects, undertake economic activity, and do those things which are so essential for our continued economic prosperity.  Once again, this has been a long and arduous process. It has taken months. It has been the result of great effort and great diligence and great patience by my colleagues, again, particularly by Senator Dodd.  I am pleased we are passing it this evening. I hope the President will sign it quickly. I hope we can get on to other legislation that will assist our economy in a material way, in a positive way.  I thank the Senators, and I yield the floor.  