Lieberman. First, I commend the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Lieberman, not only for his amendment but also for his work on this very important legislation. He introduced this legislation months ago, even before the administration recognized the need for a homeland security bill. He has brought to the floor a very well-crafted, well-balanced, thoughtful piece of legislation, a product of deliberation over many months. It is disheartening at this moment to see a piece of legislation that has arisen in the last couple of days, almost 500 pages long, with greater omissions but also including what I argue in certain cases to be are extraneous provisions.  One of the provisions at issue is the of curtailing the ongoing discussion about the scope of the vaccine injury compensation program. We have a situation where vaccine manufacturers included a preservative, Thimerosal. This preservative has been alleged to have caused medical harm; it has not been scientifically proven. The Senator from Tennessee has indicated the Institute of Medicine has suggested there is no causal link between Thimerosal and autism or other childhood diseases. Yet there is ongoing litigation to determine if this, in fact, is a causal factor.  In a homeland security bill designed to focus our attention on the most urgent and dramatic threats to the United States, we find a very transparent attempt by at least one manufacturer to curtail potential liability because of their products. Frankly, there is no other rationale for putting this one provision in the legislation. It is inappropriate to be included in this legislation. It certainly does not raise the urgency of the issues the Senator from Tennessee discussed in terms of smallpox protection or potential for a mass casualty crisis because of the use of a biological agent.  In point of fact, Thimerosal was withdrawn from use in vaccines in 1999. So this is not a situation where we have to act today, in this very critical legislation, to ensure that manufacturers will continue to use this material. In fact, quite the contrary, this material, although no one has established a definitive link to any particular disease, has been voluntarily withdrawn from inclusion in vaccines.  So what we have is a situation where allegations have been made by parents of children that this preservative caused a disease in their child. And as the Senator from Tennessee rightly pointed out, in 1987 Congress enacted the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program as a no-fault alternative to the tort system for resolving these types of claims. The procedure for the compensation program is that you must first go through this system of evaluation of your claim and determination of award, if any, before you are allowed to pursue your claim in court.  What has occurred in this situation is that families have alleged that this particular element, Thimerosal, is not covered under the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program because, even though it is an ingredient listed on the label, was a contaminant or adulterant and, as a result, is not included in the scope of the VICP. That is a legal issue. That legal issue is being decided as we speak.  In fact, the VICP has requested that the Special Master of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims consider this question, and the Special Master is currently deliberating the issue, but has not yet ruled.  So here we are, at the 11th hour of this legislative session, trying to pass a homeland security bill. And what we find, mysteriously and surprisingly, is a provision in the bill that would short circuit the ongoing litigation, that would thrust our view on the courts. And, frankly, I suspect the Special Master has a much more attuned notion of what are the permutations, what are the consequences, what are the legal precedents of concluding whether or not Thimerosal is covered under the VICP, than we have on this floor.  Again, this is reduced quite easily, quite simply, quite transparently, to an attempt by an industry to insert, within a bill that is deemed to be absolutely necessary to pass, a provision that short circuits all of the legal discussion and potentially short circuits the rights of parents to recover the full compensatory and other damages that they deserve because of their child's illness.  None of this has been settled in terms of scientific cause and effect. But procedurally I think we have to, in short, allow the process to take place. It is not uncommon--in fact, it is quite common--that there are disputes about the interpretation of a particular statute, the coverage of a particular statute. But we seldom--unless of course there are very well connected and influential proponents--we seldom pick out these items for legislative relief prior to any type of judicial conclusion. So I suggest, particularly with regard to this matter--the striking of these specific provisions--is appropriate.  Indeed, one wonders why we are spending time debating this issue on a homeland security bill when in fact there are so many other needs that deserve our attention and deliberation. Many of my colleagues have suggested that, not just with regard to what is in this bill but, frankly, the need to support more vigorously those programs and policies that we already have in place might take precedence over simply recreating and reshuffling the deck in terms of the organization of the Federal Government with respect to homeland security.  I urge my colleagues to support Senator Lieberman's efforts, at least to eliminate these items which are entirely extraneous to the homeland security bill, and in fact fall far from the urgency that is so apparent, appropriately, in the homeland security bill.  A final point I should say, and I think my colleague from Tennesseesaid it so well, is that the issue of access to vaccines is a very critical issue that warrants our close attention. I was fortunate enough to chair a hearing of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee in which the General Accounting Office testified about existing obstacles to a dependable and adequate supply of vaccines for children. The Senator from Tennessee, with his unique perspective as a physician, not only has been helpful but has taken a very prominent role, working with others and myself, in developing a comprehensive approach. That comprehensive approach might require an examination of the VICP program. It certainly might also require vaccine stockpiles, notification by manufacturers, if they chose not to produce a vaccine, so that our public health authorities know prior to the onset of a particular shortage that you will have one, two, three, or four manufacturers in the market to meet the demand.  So I would argue that a comprehensive approach to maintaining the supply of vaccine is important. The Senator from Tennessee has been working on it. I have been working on it. But that is not what we are talking about this afternoon. We are not talking about protecting the American public in a systematic, comprehensive way by ensuring that vaccines are available. What we are talking about today is a special interest provision that short circuits ongoing litigation involving a product that is no longer being used as a preservative. It is not about what we need to do today to protect ourselves from the very real threat of bioterrorism. Frankly, my assumption was, when we came to the floor to talk about the homeland security bill, we would be talking about what we need to do today to protect this country in the future.  So I urge my colleagues to support Senator Lieberman, to recognize this bill would be much improved by adopting the provisions he has suggested.  I yield the floor.  