It is a theater missile system. It is not designed to counter long-range threats. It has been tested rigorously. It is in operational testing now. Phil Coyle states that the administration is considering an advanced version of PAC-3 for a national missile defense. But if you were trying to use it in a terminal phase it would take many systems to defend a rather small area of the United States. We probably would never have the number of systems needed to adequately defend the United States.  Another system we have been developing for years is the THAAD system.Phil Coyle states that the Administration is also considering use of THAAD along with PAC-3 for national missile defense. But in its current configuration THAAD is not ready for this role. In fact, it is far away from it--perhaps a decade before it could be reasonably used in that way.  The other system being developed as we speak is a Navy theater-wide system. It is a midcourse system as it is currently designed. They are now talking about this system as a potential element of their midcourse national missile defense. Again, there are still significant issues with respect to the use of this system for national missile defense.  As Mr. Coyle points out, if the system were to be used for a midcourse mission, or a boost phase mission, for national missile defense, it would require a new missile that is twice as fast as any existing version of the standard missile which the system now uses. He writes it would require:       A new, more powerful Aegis radar system to track targets; a      new launch structure to accommodate the new, larger missiles;      and probably new ships. As a result, the Navy theater-wide      program requires a great deal of new development. It is      unlikely that Navy theater-wide will be ready for realistic      operational testing until late in this decade, and it will      not be ready for realistic operational demonstration in a      layered national missile defense for several years after      that.  It is interesting to note that this system is being considered today by the Missile Defense Agency for possible deployment in 2004. It is also interesting, and a bit surprising, because in last year's authorization bill we asked the Missile Defense Agency to tell us what they propose to do with the Navy theater-wide system. We asked for a report on April 30. The response to our request was actually a letter that came to us on May 30, and repeated the questions we asked. It responded to some of the questions in a very cursory way. It didn't give any life cycle cost for us, so it is hard for us to estimate how much this new evolving system will cost. It simply said they redefined the system. That was May 30.  Yet, about 2\1/2\ weeks later, they were telling the press that we are deploying this system in 2004. In fact, one of the points they made in the letter is:       The details of the sea-based program block 2006 and out      capability are being developed through work that is scheduled      to be completed by December 2003. We will be able to provide      specifics on the system definition, along with a preliminary      assessment of force structure and life cycle cost at that      time.  So this work is going to be completed in planning by 2003. Yet this system is being talked about for deployment in 2004.  It just does not seem to make much sense, and it illustrates, I think, the problem we have had in the subcommittee, first of getting reliable information, and second of getting a sense of the direction of all these programs.  We are not trying to micromanage the Missile Defense Agency, but when we asked a year ago in our report for information specifically about a type of missile system, when we get a cursory response saying, we have renamed it and we will not be able to tell you anything until we conclude in December of 2003 our deliberations, and then 2 weeks later they are talking about the system being deployed in a theater role in 2004, it illustrates, I think, the problems and the issues we have confronted with simply getting the information we need to do our job, to inform our colleagues, to make decisions that are not only important to our national security, but extremely expensive decisions so that we can perform our mission, our role in the Senate.  That is the Navy theater wide system. There are other systems we have developed, and I think it is appropriate to note that the next system is the airborne laser system. This is a program to develop a high-power chemical laser that will fit inside a Boeing 747 aircraft. This is a system that would be designed to shoot down short-range enemy missiles in the boost phase. It has some potential, but it is a major technological effort which is going forward, but not going forward with great speed at the moment.  The final major component is the national missile defense midcourse, or the land-based system, in Alaska, and that system we have supported. We have supported it, but having supported it, we also have serious questions with it. The system was inaugurated, if you will; at least ground was broken last week for a test bed for missiles. There are concerns that the missiles cannot be effectively used in a flight test capacity because of safety concerns and other factors with respect to the local area in Alaska. That is one issue.  The other issue, though, is for several years now in the development of this national missile defense midcourse land-based system in Alaska, the administration and the Missile Defense Agency have talked about using an x-band radar, claiming it as absolutely necessary because of its ability to discriminate the warhead. This is important because the major issue that faces the midcourse intercept is the possibility of countermeasures and decoys. So we need a very fine discriminating radar to determine what is the warhead and what are the decoys. However, That x-band radar has not been funded by the administration. They have declared instead they will use an existing radar, COBRA DANE.  One of the problems with COBRA DANE is it faces the wrong way to provide any coverage of Iran or Iraq and provides only limited coverage of North Korea, if you are concerned with the ``evil empire.''  Despite that, and in an effort to support sincerely and consistently the mission of developing adequate national missile defense, we have provided robust funding for the Alaska test bed, and that is included in this bill. However, I do think it is important and appropriate to state our reservations now because they are points we should consider as we go forward.  Let me continue to discuss some of the important issues, particularly some of the actions the committee has specifically taken.  One thing we should point out is we have looked at the theater missile systems. We have particularly found that the Arrow Missile Defense Program is making great progress. We have increased funding for the Arrow missile system. That is a joint United States-Israeli effort for a theater missile system.  We have also fully funded the PAC-3 system, which is the one closest to deployment. It is one that is, again, a theater missile system.  In all of our deliberations, we have striven to ensure deployment of these systems in a timely way, but also ensure these systems are operationally tested and rigorously tested before they are put in the field. That is incumbent upon us.  We also tried to ensure the independent oversight of the Defense Department's Director of Operational Tests and Evaluation is part of the process. One of the concerns I have, frankly, is that in an attempt by the administration for secrecy and flexibility, we will find a situation in which there is no outside objective voice within the Department of Defense. One that is looking at these programs, advising these programs, and making some judgments that are not influenced by the need for a successful program at any cost, or even a program--forget successful--at any cost, but are motivated by the need to deploy effective systems that will defend this country.  The other factor we considered, and consider constantly, is the discussion of contingency deployments, contingency capabilities. One of the reasons we pause slightly is these contingency capabilities and deployments often result in a rush to failure, often result in a situation where the system is pushed beyond its absolute capabilities. A few years ago, that is exactly what happened with the THAAD Program. It failed its first six intercept tests in a rush to deploy the system before it was ready.  The THAAD Program was subsequently totally redone and revamped. It cost hundreds of millions of dollars that were unnecessary expenditures. It is on track now but, frankly, the situation is such that we do not want to repeat that experience in other missile defense programs. We do not want a situation where the pressure for contingency deployments undercuts the need for thorough, deliberate consideration of the operational characters of these systems and the ability of these systems to do the job they are designed to do.  We have looked very closely at what we think are attempts to rush the systems. In one area, we have reducedfunding of THAAD because they have requested what we consider a premature acquisition of missiles before they have actually had missile's first flight test. We have made that judgment.  Let's turn to another aspect of missile defense, and that is the ICBM threat to the United States. It is not as immediate today as the theater missile threat, but it is still a threat.  Fortunately, with our new relationship with Russia, the ICBM threat has decreased significantly. China has a small arsenal of ICBMs, but they typically do not have their missiles on ready status, fueled, and with a warhead on the missile. North Korea seems to be developing an ICBM capability of reaching the United States, although it has voluntarily suspended its long-range missile flight test program. There are other potential adversaries.  This is an issue about which we are concerned, but one of the things we have to recognize with an ICBM is that its launch leaves an indelible signal of the point of departure and our deterrence doctrine is very clear. We have the capacity to strike back, and strike back with overwhelming force. That has been the hinge, really, of our deterrence policy for 50 or more years, and it remains an important part of our policy.  As I have mentioned, the issue of intercontinental ballistic missiles has been with us for many years. We have relied upon deterrence as a mainstay of our defense posture. Today we are developing one system in Alaska that is clearly designed to be a national missile defense system, and this authorization bill supports that effort in Alaska.  As I mentioned, we have taken away resources from some programs that are unjustified or duplicative and simply not advancing what we believe is the common concern of developing adequate missile defense systems, both theater and national. We have taken away approximately $800 million and applied $690 million to shipbuilding. But in addition, we have applied resources for security at our nuclear facilities.  One of the things I found startling in press reports was the fact that the Department of Energy asked for considerably more money to protect nuclear facilities, and they were turned down by OMB.  This is a letter to Bruce M. Carnes, who is the Director of the Office of Management Budget and Evaluation, from the chief financial office of the Department of Energy:       We are disconcerted that OMB refused our security      supplemental request. I would have much preferred to have      heard this from you personally, and been given an opportunity      to discuss, not to mention, appeal your decision. We were      told by Energy Branch staff that the Department's security      supplemental proposals were not supported because the revised      Design Basis Threat, the document that outlines the basis for      physical security measures, has not been completed. This      isn't a tenable position for you to take, in my view. We are      not operating, and cannot operate, under the pre-September 11      Design Basis Threat. Until that is revised, we must operate      under Interim Implementing Guidance, and you have not      provided resources to enable us to do so.  That is from the Department of Energy to the OMB. We would move resources into the Department of Energy to provide for security of DOE facilities.  But I think this underscores something else, too. It illustrates what I would say are the misaligned priorities between missile defense and other pressing, immediate concerns. Yes, missile defense is important. Yes, we should develop it quickly, thoroughly, and deliberately, but certainly defending and protecting our facilities that have nuclear radiological material is of an immediate and significant concern.  Last week, we were not threatened by an intercontinental missile. We were threatened by a terrorist, an American who became infatuated with the al-Qaida and their rhetoric and came here, if you believe the press reports, to obtain nuclear materials to construct a ``dirty'' bomb. That is the immediate real threat today.  Yet when the question before the administration was, do we fund security at DOE facilities or do we continue to put resources into missile defense, they made their choice to put resources in missile defense, way above, I believe, the appropriate amount. As a result, we have made adjustments, and I think those adjustments are entirely appropriate.  The other aspect of this, too, when it comes to the issue of resources, is, first, a point that all of these deliberations on the missile defense budget seems to be outside the purview of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I thought it was shocking when the Chiefs came up and testified that they were not consulted during the preparation of the ballistic missile defense budget. These are the uniformed leaders of our military forces. These individuals are charged with and have taken an oath to the Constitution to protect the country, and yet they were not consulted at all about this budget.  Another point that is critical, and let me quote from Secretary Rumsfeld's testimony before the Appropriations Committee on May 21. He said:       In February of this year, we began developing the Defense      Planning Guidance for fiscal year 2004. In the fiscal years      2004 to 2009 program, the senior civilian and military      leadership had to focus on the looming problem of a sizeable      procurement bow wave beyond fiscal year 2007.  This is shorthand for describing the course of procurement of systems that will be ready for fielding later in this decade.       If all were funded, they would crowd out all other areas of      investment and thereby cause a repetition of the same      heartaches and headaches that we still suffer from today as a      result of the procurement holiday of the 1990s.  This in the context of his plea to cut the Crusader system.  But what is most alarming about this quote is that this bow wave does not include any deployment costs of missile defense at a time when the administration is developing multiple systems which they proposed to deploy at the end of this decade, costing hundreds of billions of dollars perhaps.  As a result, we cannot simply ignore the cost implications of these systems. As I mentioned before, simply to obtain life cycle cost information on any of these systems has proven to be virtually impossible. We asked for that with respect to Navy theater wide and we got a letter back saying, we will not know until December of 2003 and then we will tell you.  We cannot operate without an idea, understanding that it will be amended many times before the end of this decade, but an idea about the cost of all of these systems over several years, procurement and operational deployment. If this bow wave is a crisis today, it becomes a tidal wave when you include missile defense costs. As a result, we have asked again for more specific information about the projected costs associated with the missile defense program.  One of the areas, and an area on which we have focused our reductions, has been systems engineering funding. The Department of Defense Missile Defense Agency has asked for significant amounts of money for systems engineering, BMD systems engineering, in addition to specific moneys they are asking in every one of these component parts, boost phase, midcourse, and terminal, where there is sufficient systems engineering money. So we have directed reductions in this BMD systems engineering.  It seems to us, again, to be an ill-defined area. We have asked for what products they are buying. Mostly, I suspect it is engineering services, or consulting services. It is not hardware. We have asked for this and we have gotten very little in terms of a response. As a result, we have shifted these funds significantly into the aforementioned shipbuilding programs and further security for our Department of Energy laboratories.  These efforts represent an attempt to provide good government, good management to a program. We hope it will accelerate the deployment of an effective missile system that has been operationally tested.  I hasten to add that this does not represent a revisitation of the ABM Treaty debate. The President used his prerogative as President to withdraw. This is not about arms control as much as it is about maintaining good management, informing the Congress, so we can make difficult decisions, so that 5 years from now we are not surprised when that bow wave hits us and suddenly the bow wave becomes a tidal wave because of the inclusion of significant costs of missile defense and for theater missile defense.  There is a consensus to support missile defense, clearly theater and, infact, I think also at this juncture clearly national missile defense. I do not think we support that without asking tough questions and making tough choices about how we spend our money, particularly when it comes to the other uses that are so necessary today, the immediate protection of our homeland, the immediate protection of forces around the globe that are confronting our enemies today. So we have to make these judgments and we made these judgments.  In addition to that, we have asked that a whole system of, we think, very sensible reports and information be given to us. I have a disconcerting feeling that there is a deliberate attempt to limit information that we get and it is justified under the guise that we need flexibility, that we have not thought through the problem yet. There may be something to that, but it is particularly distressing when the Director of Test and Evaluation does not have unfettered access to the program. It is particularly distressing when the Joint Requirements Oversight Council, the JROC, chaired by the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, does not have a role in these deliberations. It is particularly distressing when the Joint Chiefs of Staff are not consulted in the preparation of this significant budget. The American people, I think, assume that these officials of the Department of Defense are intimately involved in all of these details and have a seat at the table to make judgments and to give advice. Our legislation would do that.  As we go forward, we will continue to ask the tough questions. The specifics of our requests with respect to these issues of oversight include a reiteration of some of the things that we incorporated in last year's request.  Last year, the National Defense Authorization Act required the Agency to submit lifecycle cost estimates for all missile defense programs that it entered into the engineering and manufacturing and development, or EMD, phase. These are the same types of reports that every major weapons system provides to the Congress.  The THAAD missile defense program, I have mentioned before, entered EMD phase 2 years ago. We fully expected those lifecycle costs would be reported to us in a routine way. However, instead of providing the required information for THAAD, the Department chose to reclassify THAAD as no longer being in EMD thereby avoiding, in their view, the congressional requirement to submit the cost estimate.  It seems to be gamesmanship, to avoid responding to an obvious question, an obvious concern: Tell us how much this system will cost over its lifetime. That, again, is the type of nonresponsiveness, either inadvertent or deliberate, that we have encountered. Therefore, it reinforces the need for additional language in this legislation to require appropriate reports, the same types of reports that you get from mature systems in other areas of defense procurement.  We are not asking for the speculative. We are looking at systems that have had many years of development, which are entering the phases of engineering work. So the issue is defined. We can't do that because it is not defined--sometimes we hear that--that is not at the heart of our request. We have applied the request to major missile defense systems such as the ground and sea-based midcourse program, Airborne laser, and the THAAD program.  It is particularly important to get information because, on the one hand, the administration says these are all speculative, ill-defined, and they are thinking about it. And then they say: We will deploy the system in a very short time, in 2004, for example.  You cannot have it both ways. If we are ready for contingency deployment, certainly the information should be available to the Congress. And this legislation would ask for that information.  We also recommend a provision that requires the Pentagon's director of testing and evaluation to assess the potential operational effectiveness of the major missile defense systems on an annual basis. This would help the administration and Congress determine whether a contingency deployment of a missile defense system is appropriate. There has to be a certain operational threshold before deploying the system. Who better than the director of testing and evaluation to make that assessment.  It also requires the Joint Requirement Oversight Council to annually assess the costs and performance in relation to military requirements. This is the statutory role of the JROC for all military programs. Missile defense is too important to bypass such a review.  As I mentioned earlier, the Chiefs were not even asked to provide their views with respect to these missile defense priorities. That should be corrected also. That should be something the Secretary of Defense would want to have and would insist be included.  Now, we are endeavoring to bring this legislation to the floor representing a commitment to missile defense but also a commitment to the overall defense and security of the United States, to be able to assure our constituents that we have looked carefully and deliberately at all these programs and are aware of these programs, that we support these programs, but we don't do it blindly. We do it on an informed basis and are able to tell them: We are doing what we can, indeed, all we can, in a thoughtful, deliberate, careful, professional way, to enhance the security of the United States in terms of missile defense and in terms of overall defense. We are, in fact, doing our job.  I believe the legislation we have brought from the subcommittee to the committee and to the floor does this. It is a product of careful deliberation. It is a product of many hours of work by staff and Members. It is a product that is designed to enhance the security of the United States. I believe it does. I hope my colleagues agree and concur.  I yield the floor.  