Speaker, I thank Congressman Boyle and Congressman Veasey for their leadership and the new energy and the innovative ideas that they bring here from their constituency on behalf of our country. It is a privilege to join you tonight and talk about the infrastructure of our country, a major infrastructure bill, and it is certainly appropriate during this infrastructure week.  The whole vital topic of investing in a national infrastructure plan and investing in those who will help to modernize America translates into good jobs, as Congressman Veasey has talked about, and progress for America that Congressman Boyle has talked about.  When we think about infrastructure, some people only think about roads and bridges, and we certainly need attention to those across our country. So many places throughout our Nation are in desperate need of repair. Frankly, the street I live on, there is a big sinkhole at the end of the street.  Mr. Speaker, 17 percent of the roads in Ohio, my home State, are in poor condition, according to the American Society of Civil Engineers. They estimate that the average Ohio driver pays an extra $475 a year from driving on roads in need of repair. Look no further than me. I had to pay $500 for a whole front end because of hitting a big pothole driving at home at night. So we know how much it costs.  Let me urge President Trump and the administration not to limit their thinking on an infrastructure bill. Infrastructure should be about our roads and bridges for sure, but it should go far beyond that for modernizing the Nation.  As the ranking member on the Appropriations Subcommittee for Energy and Water Development, I take very seriously America's responsibility to modernize the country for this new century.  Our energy grid desperately needs an update, and power outages across this country attest to that. Our waterways need help, too. And our drinking water infrastructure, just in Ohio it is estimated will cost $12.2 billion over the next 20 years.  As hard as it is to fathom, and I am sure the President hasn't had a chance to read the fine print on this, but the President's budget office proposed to zero out the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative which is so vital to fresh drinking water in our vast region. The President has said he wants to help the people in Flint, Michigan. He campaigned there several times. But it is not an either/or. It is both/and. You have to have funding in the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to take care of the water issues confronting the Great Lakes where algal blooms get larger and larger every year due to phosphorus and nitrogen runoff.  Our waterways, our drinking water, are vital components of our national infrastructure. Over 11 million people just on Lake Erie alone, the lake that I represent, need that fresh water. The systems are very old. Some estimate in the cities, cities are losing 30 percent or more of the water distribution underground because of aging pipelines. We truly need to look both above the ground and underneath it.  Through many of the counties that I represent, there are old septic systems in place, and 40 percent or more ofthem are leaking. They contribute to some of the problems that we are having in our fresh water systems. These communities need a helping hand and extra financing to help put their wastewater systems into compliance.  I have also proposed a bill for a 21st century civilian conservation corps for needed investments in our States and national parks and forests. Ohio and Michigan alone need to plant 20 million trees to replace those that have been damaged by invasive species.  I wanted to also mention, I represent, and I know Congressman Boyle and Congressman Veasey, we represent urban communities, and many of those communities have housing that is 100 years old. Some a little more, some a little less. Imagine if infrastructure could include weatherization so we could place new roofs on millions of homes across this country. We could train people how to do this. We could help bring up the younger generation.  Also windows and insulation. If we look at the condition of America's housing stock, particularly following the collapse of 2008, if we look at saving Americans money that they currently spend on wasting energy because they can't afford to put on a new roof, windows, or insulate their homes, we could help millions of Americans. As we help to improve America's infrastructure, I really believe housing has an important role to play in this regard, especially with energy conservation.  Honestly, as I close my remarks tonight, and I thank Congressman Boyle and Congressman Veasey for their leadership, Mr. Speaker, it is not only rewarding to work with them, it is fun, too.  Mr. Speaker, Americans have been waiting for us and the Federal Government to really give them a helping hand up. I know working together on a bipartisan basis, we can produce an infrastructure bill that the country has been waiting for, as Congressman Boyle says, for decades. I know that our mayors, our county commissioners, and our Governors across the country would work hand in hand with us, and I think Americans from coast to coast would applaud what we are able to do here in order to help our country rebuild itself in this new century.  