Speaker, I thank the kind gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for arranging this Special Order this evening. I thank Congressman Chabot for his kind words and all the Members who have come to pay tribute to our beloved colleague, Ralph Regula.  Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to honor my late friend and respected colleague who served 18 terms and was a gentleman farmer, the very Honorable Congressman Ralph Regula of Ohio. Ralph passed away earlier this month in Bethlehem Township, Ohio. He was 92.  To his beloved wife, Mary, for whom we all hold deep affection, and their family--Martha, Richard, David, and their children--please let me extend heartfelt sympathy and deepest affection.  I had the privilege of serving with Ralph for 26 years, many of those on the Appropriations Committee.  As others have mentioned, Ralph Straus Regula was born in Beach City, Ohio, on December 3, 1924, right before the Great Depression.  In 1948, he graduated from Mount Union College in Alliance, Ohio, and went on to receive a degree in law as a night student from William McKinley School of Law in Canton, and then went on to serve in the United States Navy during World War II.  Some of my memories of Ralph include him pulling into the congressional garage on so many occasions in his spiffy red pickup truck, always thinking about what was happening back in Ohio on his farm. That truck had many purposes.  So many evenings we were in the same building and I could see him walking down the hall with Mary, his wife, well after 9 p.m. in the evening after having put in a very long day here in Congress.  The press never reports about the Members who are dutiful and do their work. They generally focus on those who run into a little bit of trouble or get into a fracas, but Ralph Regula was the type of citizen who holds this Republic together.  He was first elected in 1972 and was a longstanding, prominent figure in our body, serving 36 years in the House by the time of his retirement. At the time he retired, he was dean of the Ohio delegation and number three in seniority on the Republican side of the powerful Appropriations Committee. His service embraced the tenure of seven U.S. Presidents.  As a lawmaker, Ralph was a champion of cross-party collaboration, as others have referenced, and he was a moral compass in an era of personal enrichment. Ralph is remembered as a hardworking, constructive, affable, intelligent, and effective Member. He set a very high standard.  I tried to write words that remind me of Ralph--certainly ``talented,'' ``honest,'' ``hardworking,'' ``sensible,'' ``understated,'' ``straightforward,'' and ``even-tempered.''  If you never met him, he was sort of a cross between Andy Griffith and Robert Redford. He was even-tempered and not vindictive--and he had reason to be vindictive. He described himself as a conservative in spending but a progressive in programs.  A proud Canton resident, he worked tirelessly to honor the legacy of his hometown hero, President William McKinley. Regula sought to preserve the fellow Ohioan's memory by fighting to keep the name Mount McKinley for the summit in Alaska, homage to the man who represented his same district.  During my time in the House, I have had the pleasure of serving alongside Ralph on the Appropriations Committee, where he was distinguished for sensible solutions that worked for Americans and for Ohioans.  When he served on the Labor, Health, and Human Services Subcommittee, he instructed me, when I got to Congress: This is where you really help people.  Ralph was dedicated to that. He had such a heart, but he didn't wear it on his sleeve. He supported working people. There are many votes he cast in favor of the minimum wage. His father was a coal miner. He understood what it was to do that kind of work for a living.  On the centennial of the Metro Parks' creation, we remember his adoration and commitment to our public lands, founding one of northeast Ohio's proudest landmarks, the Cuyahoga National Valley Park. He dedicated so many of his years to creating that park, the Ohio and Erie Canal system, and expanding that park to among the top 10 most visited in the United States of America.  He attended to Ohio while he attended to the Nation. He had the guts to pass new user fees for all national parks to raise money to improve them, so he was thinking of the future.  He was the founder and leader of the Steel Caucus in this House--that was one of the first places that I met him--and an early and effective voice about foreign dumping and about the importance of manufacturing in America, the importance of that steel industry and having fair trade among nations.  With his wife, Mary, he was instrumental in creating the National First Ladies' Library in Canton, Ohio, a most amazing place, with important untold stories about valorous women in our country that, for years, had been largely hidden from the public.  I recommend that the public go to the website of that library and just read about the First Ladies of this country--not just who they were, butwhat they endured. I learned so much that I didn't know.  Ralph brought phenomenal experience to his public service. Others talked about how he had practiced law, serving in the Navy, held a degree in business administration, served as a school administrator, a teacher, a principal, State legislator, and served on the Ohio Board of Education. He was so level-headed.  An article in the The Washington Post reported that he introduced language in appropriations bills and procedural maneuvers to fight efforts to change Alaska's Mount McKinley name. Obviously, he held the seat that was once occupied by President McKinley, the 25th President, who, sadly, was assassinated in 1901.  As a graduate of the old William McKinley School of Law in Canton, Mr. Regula did not want to see the name of his fellow Buckeye erased from the tallest peak in North America. Ralph said: The law says it is Mount McKinley, and no President can change the law by the flick of a pen.  When he set his mind to it, he prevailed. His vast experience on the legislative front led him and drove his successful efforts to invest millions and millions of dollars in the improvement of healthcare for the American people, as well as Ohio institutions such as the Cleveland Clinic, University Hospitals, Case Western Reserve University, and MetroHealth.  He championed the Great Lakes and fought mightily to find a way to clean up coal. I can remember being on the Republican side of the aisle. He said: Congresswoman Kaptur, you have got to help me clean up coal.  He was always looking for a way to try to make life better. He advocated for the National Endowment for the Arts. He worked to clean up Florida's Everglades and led the construction of the popular children's farm here in Washington at the National Zoo.  When people come to public service at the national level, they learn that it is very hard to accomplish things over a brief period of time. It takes a long time. It takes decades to do something of merit. Ralph certainly achieved that.  In 2010, the Cleveland Plain Dealer quoted him. I will end my tribute to him this evening with a quote that he gave to the Plain Dealer. He said: ``Inflammatory rhetoric may satisfy the partisans, but it does little or nothing to move the legislative ball to the goal line.'' He was talking about the necessity of breaking legislative gridlock and advocating bipartisan compromise.  I think by Congressman Bob Gibbs being on floor tonight, by my being on the floor tonight, in a bipartisan spirit, giving tribute to Ralph Regula, this is a life that Members of Congress can learn from: real achievement, real merit, real honor. He brought real meaning to the word the ``Honorable'' Ralph Straus Regula.  May God let him rest in peace and bless his spirit.  