Speaker, does the gentlewoman from Connecticut remember when Gary Hufbauer said we would have trade surpluses? In other words, this is upside down. It should actually be like this. We would have surpluses then. Well, it is exactly the opposite he testified back then. I will never forget that.  The Peterson Institute said we would have jobs, we would have rising incomes, we would have more benefits for workers. Wrong, wrong, wrong.  I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, we said it then.  What we didn't have at that time was the data, which is now right here on this floor of the House, which is why we were able to defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement, because they couldn't fool us again. They could not fool us again. Not us. They couldn't fool the American people again.  We are not going down that road, not with a reheated Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement or a tweaked North American Free Trade Agreement.  I said we have to reshape that trajectory of modern globalization. It is a trajectory that needs to benefit American workers. It has to foster inclusive growth.  This is not just about large corporations and special interests that will be the beneficiaries of trade agreements. It is about trade agreements that grow our economy, that grow the economic security of the people of this country.  Implementing a new model is not going to be easy. It isn't going to be easy; we know that. But with so much on the line, we understand that it is our obligation to put the American people first, to set those new rules for a 21st century economy and give it our all.  We are going to be absolutely vigilant with where the discussions and the negotiations go on a renegotiated NAFTA agreement and future trade agreements that we may embark on.  We are not afraid of trade. We just want it to work for the people of this country, and we don't want to do what has happened to the folks in Mexico and to other countries as well.  First and foremost, I will just say that we have to be cognizant of the repercussions on the standard of living and the quality of life that our people in the United States have. These trade agreements have worked against that, and it is not going to happen again.  