' They don't want to know how much the American people are spending through their tax dollars at the Federal level because the goal is to figure out how this money was being spent and to hold those companies responsible to look at what costs were over time and so forth.  It is amazing and it is really wrong what the pharmaceutical industry is doing to the people of this country. They are killing people. People cannot afford the medicine that they need.  Yesterday, and I give this as homework, in The New York Times, there was a great story titled, ``When Health Law Isn't Enough, the Desperate Line Up at Tents.'' It was written by what must be a brilliant young reporter named Trip Gabriel, and it reported about a charity group in our country called the Remote Area Medical Expedition. They were in Wise, Virginia, somewhere south of here.  What it is is a group of charitable citizens who are in optometry. They are doctors. They are dentists. They donate their time over a weekend, and they go to places in our country that don't have medical care.  So no American should assume that everybody has care and that everybody has insurance, even with the current system.  I will tell you, if you want your eyes opened, read that story.  Over one weekend, over 2,000 people came. There were people there who were diabetic who had no medication. One woman, they reported in the story, came with a dispenser for insulin, but the needle was broken. Her glucose reading was over 500.  They talked about people who were there for glasses. They couldn't afford glasses. One woman was diagnosed with vision of 20/100 in one eye, and they were looking for glasses that would fit her.  They had a gentleman who was coughing, and he thought he had black lung disease. It turned out what he really had was sleep apnea. Finally somebody diagnosed what his problem was.  They start out with the story about a gentleman who showed up at that event, and he took them to the trunk of his car and showed them the pliers he was using to rip out his teeth because he had so many decayed teeth and he hadn't been to the dentist in years. They had dentists. They had all kinds of physicians. They had nurses trying to help people.  I read that article and I thought: This is America? This is America?  Here are just the first few sentences, if I might. It says: ``Anthony Marino, 54, reached into his car trunk to show a pair of needle-nosed pliers like the ones he used to yank out a rotting tooth.  ``Shirley Akers, 58, clutched a list of 20 medications she takes, before settling down to a sleepless night in the cab of a pickup truck.  ``Robin Neal, 40, tried to inject herself with a used-up insulin pen, but it broke, and her blood sugar began to skyrocket.  ``As the sun set in the mountains of southwest Virginia, hundreds of hurting souls were camped out or huddled in vehicles, eager for an early place in line when the gates swung open at 5 a.m. for the Nation's largest pop-up free clinic.''  That free clinic is called the Remote Area Medical Expedition. I just read that. There were several photos in the paper. This is America.  So, for the Senate, particularly the leader of Senate who comes from Kentucky, a State that is noted to have very poor medical care, where there are large rural areas where many people, including those who are single who get none of this coverage--right? The single are especially discriminated against--how that could be pushed forward by someone from the State of Kentucky, I simply don't understand it.  And here in this House, where we tried so hard to save the Affordable Care Act and to make necessary changes to it, a lot of those changes are needed in these rural States that don't have enough people to really set up a large enough exchange. We need to lump two or three States together so you get a pool that is insurable. We know how to fix this. But we don't need to take more people off health insurance, millions and millions and millions, because we have millions who still are uninsured, and we have industries like the pharmaceutical industry fighting us against trying to get affordable medications to our constituents.  I want to thank you for being here tonight and for fighting the good fight for the American people. Really, to have almost a trillion dollars of money given away over the next 10, 15 years to the wealthiest people in our country? You know what? They have doctors. They can afford insurance. Frankly, they don't need more money. They might benefit by a little less money, actually. Their heirs certainly would. We need a little rigor out there, even among the wealthy in our country, to help us to heal this Nation and to deal with its real medical problems.  I will just say this. We were checking today on the diabetic costs across our country. One facility in Ohio, just one veterans facility, over 30,000 veterans in that facility have been diagnosed with diabetes. Many, many of those veterans go for the treatment of dialysis in order to help them to deal with their condition. For 1 year, that treatment costs $100,000. Over a 10-year period, it costs $1 million per person who goes through dialysis.  Imagine if we were able to prescribe food as medicine, which hospitals are doing in many places, and help people learn how to not become so severely diabetic. We would save so much money across this country, including with our veterans. And more important than money, we would save their lives. We would save the amputations. We would save all of the costs that diabetes incurs over the years. So people would learn how to be healthier.  I want to thank you for being here. I am proud of you two gentlemen, Congressman Garamendi and Congressman Tonko. You are honorable gentlemen. You have come here from both ends of the country, New York and California. We are here tonight because we know what the American people want. They want affordable healthcare. They want affordable medicine. They are willing to do their part, and nobody should be left out.  We can find that answer as the United States of America. We don't have to accept this set of death panels that they are figuring out over there in the Senate: who is going to die, who is not going to have health insurance, who is going to be shortchanged. Because when that wheel of fortune turns, you never know who in your family is going to get sick. You simply don't know, and no one should be without coverage.  I thank you for being here on the floor tonight and for doing what the American people expect us to do, and that is to defend and protect them.  