We were actually exporting more than we were importing.  But then when China Most Favored Nation passed in 1979, 1994 NAFTA passed, and all of a sudden what was happening is the reverse flow started. We started importing more than we were exporting, and every time you get a billion dollars of red ink, you lose 5,000 more jobs in this country.  Well, my gosh, as NAFTA actually took full bore and then China permanent normal trade relations took effect here, CAFTA, which was the Central American Free Trade Agreement, here was the Colombian Free Trade Agreement, here was the Korean Free Trade Agreement, every single agreement that happened, we ended up getting more imports into our country than exports out, and promises were not kept.  Our focus tonight is mainly on NAFTA, but if we look at Korea, they were supposed to be taking 50,000 cars from us. We were supposed to have more balanced trade. Well, guess what, they didn't keep up their end of the bargain. Other markets around the world, such as Japan, remain closed to this day to cars from other places in the world.  You say: Congresswoman, that can't be possible.  I have seen it with my own eyes. I have visited there many times. When I first began my career, Japan had about--oh, 3 percent of the cars on their streets were from anyplace else in the world. Today maybe it is 4 percent, maybe it is 3.5 percent, but there are all kinds of nontariff barriers where they keep cars out. Yet you look at our country, they have put manufacturing plants here, they send product over here. It simply isn't a two-way street, and Japan is the second largest market in the world for automobiles. So the trade isn't fair. The American people know this. They are trying to fix this. It really requires the President's leadership to do it.  Congressman Cicilline talked about steel trade--I just want to put on the Record--with China, and we see what a big player she is in the market and doesn't play fair. I just want to put some numbers on the Record. China's expansion of steel since 2000 has grown to over 2,300 million metric tons. That is a big number to imagine. But only 1,500 million metric tons are needed to actually serve the global marketplace. So what you have got is over 800 million metric tons of steel just floating around the world in warehouses and stored up in provinces in China, and they are dumping the steel.  Why does that matter?  Because in places like I represent, Lorain, Ohio, U.S. Steel just pink-slipped hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of more workers. Republic Steel, which sits next door to U.S. Steel, has shuttered their plant because of imported steel.  The President could do something about that. He could have done something about that the second day he was in office. Nothing has been done. All these workers, some of whom have worked in these plants for 28 years, in modernized plants where hundreds of millions of dollars of investment have been made to upgrade the capacity of these plants, rather than save that capacity for our country for the years ahead and to try to deal with this Chinese dumping, they are allowing more workers and more companies to go belly up in this country. It is wrong. It is wrong. This needs to be fixed. This is big time for jobs and economic growth in our country.  I want to thank Congressman Brendan F. Boyle, who understands this problem full well. As a younger Member of Congress and one who really speaks on behalf of working men and women in Pennsylvania and coast to coast, I thank him so much for taking time and joining us tonight. I yield to the gentleman.  