Chairman, I want to express my appreciation to Congressman Mike Simpson and all the members of our subcommittee on both sides of the aisle for completing our work on time and for reaching agreement on many of these amendments that will save the Members angst tonight, and, hopefully, we won't have to work beyond midnight.  I want to say, with the mark that we have received, we continue to move America forward on energy independence. We know that by 8 or 9 years it is projected that America will finally be exporting more energy than we are importing, and we will be 100 percent energy-efficient and energy-independent here at home.  That is quite an accomplishment thinking back to the period of time in our Nation's history in the last century when we, as a nation, were subjected to rising oil prices because of embargoes, particularly in the Middle East, and we fell into deep recession here in our country back in the 1970s; and subsequent to that, every time gasoline went over $4 a gallon.  So when we consider the Energy and Water bill, I think we all have to pat America on the back for having had consistent enlightened leaders on both sides of the aisle who understood what was important in the Nation's best interests.  So as we consider this bill today--there were particular amendments on subjects that range as far afield as the Soo Locks and the Energy Information Administration, which we will get into in a moment, water projects that are some of the biggest job creators across this country--let's not lose sight of the big frame.  The big frame really is that this is a bill that makes America more secure and that allows us to make progress here at home from coast to coast. All of our ports and all of our water infrastructure that is so vital not just west of the Mississippi, but the Great Lakes region and our coasts, some of the challenges we face in the Everglades, these are issues that all of America cares about, particularly when it is in your own backyard.  This is a really important bill for the country. It is not the largest bill that is considered as part of the appropriations process, but it is one that is extraordinarily important. And, of course, over half of our budget deals with our nuclear weapons complement and making sure that that great asset that we have is maintained, is the finest in the world, and is the best managed. So this subcommittee has quite a jurisdiction from coast to coast.  I really want to compliment all the Members who worked so very hard to bring our bill to the floor on time, within the mark that we were given. I thank staffs on both sides of the aisle as we proceed forward here.  I know that the efforts in this bill to fund the future and new energy sources that are coming forward are in America's national interests.  We look at the field of solar, for example. We have over 300,000 people working in the solar energy field, actually more than work in the coal fields now. Some of those solar companies are in districts that I represent. This is a new industry. Renewables now comprise 10 percent of all the energy that the country produces, and this has been a major accomplishment in just the last few decades.  A lot of photovoltaic research goes back to the 1980s. We are now looking at wind energy, the fastest growing job sector in America. It is really for wind technicians.  I thank the members of our committee on both sides of the aisle for appreciating the opportunity to grow this massive industry, including with investments such as LEEDCo in the State of Ohio; capturing the Saudi Arabia of wind, which is Lake Erie's complement.  So we feel a sense of accomplishment tonight as we bring this bill to the floor and we look at the horizons ahead. We know that we have to deal with the other body, we have to compromise out any of our differences, but I have a hunch that we are going to be able to do that very well.  I thank all those who may be listening this evening, particularly those who are working in our National Labs, the finest labs in the world that are inventing the future from coast to coast. Over a dozen and a half of those labs have America's best scientists working on not just energy research, but derivative spinoffs in the commercial sector that eventually benefit the entire country.  As I mentioned, the natural gas discovery that has really been responsible for leading us toward energy independence was made possible by the fracking technology developed over many years at the U.S. Department of Energy. So as you look at gas prices going down at the pump and you look at the competition in the energy industry, we have a lot of people, many unsung heroes across our country in these labs who work tirelessly on behalf of the American people. Some are retired and some are still in place, but we owe them a deep debt of gratitude for serving the American people so nobly.  We are going to have several other amendments that come before us tonight.  Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman if he wishes to make a statement.  