Speaker, I will also include in the Record a statement by President Barack Obama from 2015 showing what the White House said about Holocaust Remembrance Day.Statement by President Obama on International Holocaust Remembrance Day  and the 70th Anniversary of the Liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau--2015       On the tenth International Holocaust Remembrance Day and      the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau,      the American people pay tribute to the six million Jews and      millions of others murdered by the Nazi regime. We also honor      those who survived the Shoah, while recognizing the scars and      burdens that many have carried ever since.       Honoring the victims and survivors begins with our renewed      recognition of the value and dignity of each person. It      demands from us the courage to protect the persecuted and      speak out against bigotry and hatred. The recent terrorist      attacks in Paris serve as a painful reminder of our      obligation to condemn and combat rising anti-Semitism in all      its forms, including the denial or trivialization of the      Holocaust.       This anniversary is an opportunity to reflect on the      progress we have made confronting this terrible chapter in      human history and on our continuing efforts to end genocide.      I have sent a Presidential delegation to join Polish      President Komorowski, the Polish people, official delegations      from scores of nations, and many survivors, at today's      official commemoration in Poland.       As a founding member of the International Holocaust      Remembrance Alliance, the United States joins the Alliance's      thirty other member nations and partners in reiterating its      solemn responsibility to uphold the commitments of the 2000      Stockholm Declaration. We commemorate all of the victims of      the Holocaust, pledging never to forget, and recalling the      cautionary words of the author and survivor of Auschwitz      Primo Levi, ``It happened, therefore it can happen again. . .      . It can happen anywhere.'' Today we come together and      commit, to the millions of murdered souls and all survivors,      that it must never happen again.  