Speaker, I thank Congressman Murphy for his incredible leadership on this important topic and for holding this Special Order this evening.  I can tell you, the citizens of the State of Ohio are paying attention. The opioid epidemic continues to intensify with over 2 million people addicted to prescription opioids and more than half a million addicted to heroin in 2015, alone.  According to an estimate from The New York Times, drug overdoses are now the leading cause of death for Americans under 50; and drug overdoses are the leading cause of accidental death in our country, with prescription opioids responsible for more than 20,000 deaths in the United States just in 2015, according to the American Society of Addiction Medicine.  I have to mention that Medicaid plays an important role in addressing this epidemic because it is a lifeline program, providing coverage to over 650,000 non-elderly adults with opioid addiction and covering a range of treatment services.  Ohio, tragically, leads the Nation in opioid overdoses in 2014. Sadly, deaths have continued to rise with increased use of heroin and fentanyl. Many States have expanded Medicaid, including Ohio, to cover adults who make a modest $16,500 a year per individual. By broadening coverage of adults, the Medicaid expansion reaches many low-income adults with opioid addiction who were previously ineligible for coverage and facilitates access to treatment.  The opioid epidemic is so bad that even librarians are learning how to treat overdoses for individuals who come into libraries.  Mental health can be comorbid with opioid abuse, and those suffering from that duality are truly an American tragedy. For an addict to complete rehab and recovery successfully, they need to work in concert. And over half of uninsured non-elderly adults with an opioid addiction had a mental illness in the past year, with over one in five operating with a serious mental illness, such as depression, bipolar disorder, or schizophrenia.  To address the gravity of the challenge, I want to put on the Record the work that Lucas County, my home county, is doing with their DART program, which engages hospitals, mental health centers, and businesses in the community.  Believe it or not, according to Sheriff Tharp, the DART program has helped nearly 2,300 overdose victims and has a 74 percent success rate of getting people into detox and treatment programs at a total cost of about $370 per individual. This is truly an amazing record, and I wish to include in the Record the information about other counties in the district that I represent.  The opioid epidemic does not just affect the addicted. Lucas County Children Services is struggling to help children displaced by the opioid epidemic.  The agency has been repeatedly forced to do the unimaginable tasks of comforting children as first responders work to save their parents from a heroin or fentanyl overdoses. On several occasions, it has had to break the terrible news to these children that their parents succumbed to their addiction.  LCCS is also coping with a dramatic increase in the number of children placed in protective custody because their families have been blinded by substance dependence. The State's current budget proposes no increase for this program, which is a shame. This is no time to short change children.  Finally, I submit for the Record a story of the Guest family of Lorain, Ohio, whose daughter Tera died of a heroin overdose at the age of 24.  According to the Cleveland Plain Dealer: ``Tera Guest, 24, died Jan. 29, 2014, shortly after she and her sister used painkillers and a heroin-fentanyl mix. Her death marked the end of a two-year period that included stints in treatment and losing custody of her two children to her mother.  ``Tera is among the hundreds who have died of overdoses within the last three years in Lorain County. The county coroner's office said a record 67 people died in 2013, followed by 60 in 2014 and 62 in 2015.''  Lori took her tragedy and turned it into action and formed the Lorain Community Task Force, which is a group that raises awareness and provides assistance to addicts and their families.  Lori stepped up, and now Congress must do the same. We cannot turn our back on these people now. We must fight, we must work together, we must put politics aside. Only then can we begin to heal our Nation from this crisis.  