Speaker, America should no longer be shocked with the Republican mantra of ``no'' to everything--that is, until Wall Street and the financial services industry calls. Today's action on H.J. Res. 66 and 67 illustrates this unfortunate reality.  Congressional Republicans once again are putting the financial industry ahead of average American workers. Their attempt to roll back President Obama's Department of Labor rules, which expanded working families' abilities to save their own retirement money through State- and large-city-administered retirement savings programs. The Republican proposal restricts saving options for working people.  For years, Republicans have hawked a false crisis about Social Security solvency; meanwhile, now they are proposing a very real retirement security crisis for America's seniors. We are nearing a boiling point. The difference between what average Americans have saved for retirement and where their savings should be is staggering: more than $6 trillion in shortfalls.  Roughly half of all U.S. families have no money set aside for retirement. Thirty-nine million Americans don't have access to a workplace retirement savings plan. Even Americans who work diligently to save for retirement are falling behind. With 10,000 American seniors reaching retirement age every day, enormous strain on the Federal budget is mounting to make up the difference.  Today most workers don't have a pension. Those that do, can't be so sure it will be there throughout their golden years. There has been a dramatic decline in guaranteed retirement benefits through employer support.  Without access to easy and affordable savings vehicles, far too many American workers will retire into poverty. This leads to overreliance on Social Security and other State and Federal assistance programs. It surely isn't the American Dream.  President Obama identified this crisis. He spoke to Congress about trying to work together to address it through bipartisan action, but our Republican colleagues said ``no.'' Their failure to act drove President Obama to coordinate with States, eight of which have already passed laws to create State-administered retirement programs for private sector workers, which H.J. Res. 66 and 67 would roll back.  More than half the States are considering similar action to improve retirement readiness, and these plans help small businesses offer savings plans for their employees without imposing financial burdens.  