Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Veasey) for his great leadership in bringing us together in this Blue Collar Caucus. I feel very comfortable. I actually have blue on today.  I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Brendan F. Boyle) of the greater Philadelphia area, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross), and myself from the Toledo to Cleveland, Ohio, part of our country to bring to the attention of the American people the fact, for example, that workers in northern Ohio, since the year 2000, earn on average $7,000 less than they did at the beginning of the century. They have taken some great hits. They are hardworking people. They are fighting back, but they need our help.  In the last 3 weeks, if we take a look at President Trump's term thus far, we begin to see the real Donald at work, if I might quote one of the news media. After months of grandiose campaign promises to renegotiate NAFTA, bring back American manufacturing jobs, and make America great, we can begin to assess where he is putting his attention. I think this is really important for us, as we represent blue-collar America, what is he doing for them. I think the proof is in his actions, or lack thereof.  After roughly 20 executive orders and actions, we see President Trump has a penchant for mediagenic events and moments with a hodgepodge of executive orders, but apparently not sending any legislation up here yet. And most striking is his clear motivation to assist his wealthy friends on Wall Street with appointments to the administration, such as Secretary of Treasury, rather than paying attention to average Americans who voted for him. He exhibits a great penchant for public approval rather than a focus on efforts to improve the current economic stagnation of average Americans.  We are noting that he is filled his Cabinet with billionaires and multimillionaires who simply can't figure out how to walk in the shoes of blue-collar America. His actions to help the wealthiest Americans will have significant consequences.  So what happened with his promise to drain the swamp?  I thought in the first month we would have had something that would really resonate out in the heartland.  While all of this happens just miles away at the White House, our Republican congressional colleagues remain either silent or moving the car in reverse.  Why would they criticize activity that helps those who fund their elections?  We need campaign finance reform to dominate their political focus and write their policy objectives, like taking away today here in the House the ability of workers to save money for their own pensions, for heaven's sake.  In Trump's first days, he took action to roll back the financial reform bill called Dodd-Frank and tried to eliminate protections for seniors as they seek retirement investment advice. We know there are a lot of sharks out there in the financial waters.  Why wouldn't you want to help the American people rather than hurt them more?  He did nothing to address the trade issues, which were in his power to do on day one, and propelled his victory through our part of the country. I note my colleagues come from Texas, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and me being from Ohio. It was actually the Midwestern States that lifted this President to victory. He hasn't declared China as a currency manipulator. He could have done that already.  He had no elimination of the Buy America waiver, which affords access to U.S. Government contracts for all firms and goods from 45 World Trade Organization nations and 16 additional U.S. Free Trade Agreements that exist. Not a word about that.  No NAFTA renegotiation. He could have pulled the plug on that on day one. Nothing.  Where is the negotiating team in place to take care of what NAFTA has done to the people of the heartland and our country in general?  What will President Trump do for ongoing negotiations he inherited on the U.S.-China Bilateral Investment Treaty, the Trade in Services Agreement, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership? Will he put American workers, global workers, and environmental concerns at the forefront of negotiations? Or will he continue to allow corporate and wealthy financial interests to dominate and run roughshod over workers and communities?  Candidate Trump promised the 15,000 steelworkers laid off due to a flood of unfairly traded imports that he would support America's manufacturing and industrial base. He came to Ohio and said that. He promised to protect our industries from the Chinese and to keep jobs at home. But in the pipeline of executive action, he actually enforced the trade agreement Buy America waiver, negating his promises to help America's steelworkers. How about that? That was done in the first month.  Just recently, the U.S. Department of Commerce released a report that showed the U.S. trade deficit hit a 4-year high as it rose to over half a billion dollars for 2016. Middle America isn't surprised this trade deficit continues to hollow out U.S. manufacturing jobs and depress incomes across our great Nation. Reducing our trade deficit should be a top priority for the new administration. I hope the President puts a big scoreboard in front of the White House on his progress on this front. It would do wonders to fix the economy for working Americans if we balanced that trade deficit.  As Congressman Veasey has said, the Democratic Party has long championed issues for blue-collar America that create real life success for working class people. Lost in the political dialogue is the reality that Democrats have always stood for individual and economic rights for average Americans of all backgrounds. Each of us in our own lives represents that, and it is a privilege to serve here in this House.  For blue-collar families, education remains a vital stepping-stone in upward mobility. Democrats continue to prioritize early childhood literacy and STEM education, efforts to make Americans globally competitive in advanced manufacturing, science, medicine, and research and development. Democrats continue to expand apprenticeship options to allow young people to enter the workforce trained and without the enormous burden of student loans.  Meanwhile, Republicans push policies that exacerbate the ever-expanding wealth gap, even allowing it to invade our school systems. Just watch the opposition Mr. Trump and his newly minted Education Secretary Betsy DeVos have towards public schools.  In closing, let me thank our esteemed leaders here in the Blue Collar Caucus, Congressman Veasey and Congressman Boyle. I don't see that thisPresident is draining the swamp. He is actually digging deeper into it. I really thank them for being an accountability wing here in the first branch mentioned in the Constitution--the legislative branch. I congratulate both of them. It has been a great privilege to join them this evening.  