Chairman, I rise in strong support of this amendment offered by my friends, Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Huizenga and, I have no doubt, many fellow travelers from the Great Lakes delegation on both sides of the aisle. I find it somewhat unusual that it is the last amendment this evening after midnight. I wish it had come up about 6 o'clock on the evening news.  This is an issue we know well, as Mr. Huizenga, Mr. Mitchell, and certainly our chairman, Mr. Simpson, has heard a great deal about this now, and our ranking members on the full committee as well.  We introduced a bill last month with the same ultimate effect of preventing the spread of Asian carp into the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes represent a $7 billion fishery, deeply threatened by these critters, Asian carp, that shouldn't even be in this country but began their movement up the Mississippi River when they were brought in to do bottom cleaning in Mississippi in the special fish tanks that were set up down there many years ago as bottom feeders. There was some type of storm and they hopped out. The walls were breached, and they began their journey up the Mississippi until now. They are within just a few miles of Lake Michigan.  Just a few weeks ago, a 28-inch Asian carp was caught beyond the protective barriers, which is a temporary solution, only 9 miles from Lake Michigan. Yet, even in this time of greatest danger, the Brandon Road Study, which Congressman Mitchell outlined, which merely identifies options for preventing Asian carp from reaching the Great Lakes, has not been released by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.  This amendment would prevent the administration from expending any more funds to further delay the release of this study for public comment.  My colleagues should know that this study is already completed. After working on it for years at a cost of nearly $7 million, it now sits on a shelf at the Corps, and they are unwilling to release it for reasons we do not understand.  Asian carp represent a serious economic and environmental threat to the entire Great Lakes. These mean critters are voracious eaters. They destroy native species and overwhelm their new ecosystems. They have gotten into the Ohio River, and they have gotten into rivers near Peoria. They eat up everything in their sight. They completely upend native ecosystems, and it is truly terrifying what they will do to our lakes, as you can see in this photograph. They are prolific, they are large, and they are predatory.  We should be aggressively pursuing action to prevent the spread of the Asian carp to the Great Lakes, yet the roadmap to getting there is locked in bureaucratic purgatory.  Finally, I would like to point out that this is not a partisan issue. Our substantively similar bill has 15 Republican and 16 Democratic cosponsors, who represent the vast majority of the Great Lakes coastline. In these hyperpartisan times, our constituents are united in their love for the Great Lakes, their desire to protect them, and their understanding of how vital they are to the future of this country and continent.  Mr. Chairman, I urge support for this amendment from all of my colleagues in order to save the national treasures that are the Great Lakes.  Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman Mitchell and Congressman Huizenga for taking the lead this evening from the great Wolverine State--and we Buckeyes don't often say that, do we--for embracing what is truly important to all of us, and I urge my colleagues to support the Mitchell-Huizenga amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  