Speaker, I wanted to mention that hundreds and hundreds of steel workers in my district are getting laid off right now, as the gentlewoman from Connecticut speaks.  We are facing complete closure of two plants. One has already been idled, Republic Steel; and the other, the U.S. Steel plant in Lorain, Ohio, will be by early June.  If the President really wanted to do something to make a statement, what he would do is put an embargo on the products that are being dumped by China and Korea on our market that are forcing this to happen at our steel companies.  There is a glut in the steel market globally. We have about 800 million metric tons of steel that are out there.  What China has been doing is building a steel company in every province to put people to work. Then, what do they do with the steel? They have been storing it because there is so much that the global market can't absorb 800 million more metric tons.  So companies like those I represent get hurt because they are trying to play by the rules; but the rules aren't being enforced properly, so they end up with the short end of the deal that is absolutely backwards. So what the gentlewoman says about steel is right on.  I yield to the gentlewoman from Connecticut.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, this has been happening all along in so many sectors. When you talk about the various agreements and NAFTA--and actually with regard to currency--what we fought for in the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement was to do something about currency manipulation because everything that may have been negotiated in the NAFTA agreement with tariffs and lowering them and all of that, all of that was for naught when Mexico devalued the peso. Once you do that, then your goods are cheaper than our goods and we suffer. It is the same thing that has happened in Korea, and this is what we were looking at in the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.  Despite the Oval Office fanfare last Friday, President Trump's recent executive orders are, frankly, nothing but window dressing. While initiating a new Federal report--a new Federal report, God, there must be unbelievable cavernous institutions and places where we have Federal reports which go nowhere--what they are about is a common way to avoid fixing any problems that we have. The real test is going to be whether or not the Trump administration takes action to create jobs and to reduce the trade deficit.  Improving our trade policy requires new rules, not more of the status quo. And it was Mr. Ross who, I believe, saidthat: My gosh, you can't throw out the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. You have to fiddle around the edges with it.  That is where they are going. Again, they are betraying the promises that were made to those workers in your district, those workers in my district, and workers all across the country.  