Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this particular amendment.  I say to the gentleman: For the company in your district, the regulations include the opportunity for waiver. And I would hope that the company in your district would be able to work that out.  The amendment that the gentleman proposes seeks to prohibit the Department of Energy from implementing testing procedures for the energy efficiency standards set for heat pumps and air-conditioners.  I, as the consumer, whether I am buying a heat pump, a furnace, a refrigerator--and every American who now shops looks for those--that is like the sticker. That is what you really look for, and you want to know how much you are going to pay every year for what that product will cost you for energy. And the better product you have, and you are able to put that on a label and it is verified by the Department of Energy, that helps sales.  The original standards that were created were supported and have been supported by the Edison Electric Institute, the association which represents all investor-owned utilities. The amendment, by the way, is opposed by the Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute, which represents manufacturers of HVAC systems that employ over 1.3 million Americans. And industry opposes the amendment, environmentalists oppose it, because it would cost an average--a cumulative cost to Americans of $12.2 billion over 30 years.  So there is a lot of opposition to this. It is important to note that these standards were negotiated in a collaborative process by industry groups, environmental nonprofits, and consumer advocates with the Department of Energy. A rider like this one damages the integrity of the negotiated rulemaking process, which is designed to provide certainty and voice to the industry and education and information to consumers.  Test procedures are simple and important. The Department of Energy develops them to make sure companies are rating their product accurately so consumers don't get stuck paying higher bills than they expect, so you know what you buy.  Let's be clear. This amendment would effectively nullify the efficiency standards for heating and cooling systems, in spite of the fact that these standards project that it will save billions of dollars over the period that they are applied, and that is equivalent to having 1 million fewer homes connected to the grid over the same period. It is an enormous savings.  If there is a particular company that is unfairly impacted by these rules, there are outlets for regulatory relief through waivers, as I have mentioned, and this amendment would neuterthose standards and thereby allow cheap imports to undercut American products by exploiting the lack of standards.  We don't want to go back to that. I look for those yellow labels. To protect American manufacturers, to save Americans money on their utility bills, and to reduce air pollution, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''  The gentleman may have a good intention in offering this amendment, but I don't think you want to take away the benefits to the American people for one company in your district when that company, in fact, can negotiate and receive a waiver. I would just ask my colleagues to vote ``no.''  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  