This gentleman proposes an amendment to cut it by an additional 1 percent. And that equals $9,826,370 to an account that has already just been drubbed.  Now, I want to say something here. Here's a chart that shows America's trade deficit. And energy, imported energy, comprises the largest account. We haven't had a balanced trade deficit since the 1970s, when the job hemorrhage started in this country. And it gets worse every year.  America's future depends on innovation. We can't continue to live like this. Every community you go to in this country, they say, will we have to move somewhere because my child can't find a job?  Or gosh, I just had to get another job and I had my salary cut in half.  It's pretty obvious what's been happening. The major category of trade deficit is energy imports, energy, because we are not self-sufficient in energy production in this country.  Part of the answer lies in new energy systems, systems that even NASA has helped us to begin to invent, yes, in the solar field, yes, in new hydrogen technologies like cryogenic hydrogen, yes, in natural gas.  Thank goodness, the Department invested in fossil fuel technologies. That's where the fracking technologies came from. It came from thinking about the future, not living in the past.  So the gentleman's cutting even further into the bone. We've already cut to the bone, now you're sort of whacking the spine in half and saying, well, let's cut some more there.  Well, either you live in the future or you live in the past. And I, sadly, view the gentleman's amendment as a retreat to the past.  I want to live in an America that's a can-do nation, an America that invents new technologies. And literally, the renewable technologies are going to have to be there when the finite resources of carbon-based fuels aren't there anymore, because they are finite. They're finite globally.  And I stand here also today for every single soldier in our country that's died in the line of duty trying to protect the sea lanes to bring that stuff in here because they're trying to help America hold it together while she isn't energy-independent here at home.  So these investments in the future are vital to the future, if one is capable of thinking forward about what that future might look like.  I've seen a technology, sir, that can take a thin filament invented by the best scientists this country has. They float it in a nitrogen bath and, from point of generation of power to point of use it's 100 percent energy-efficient, unlike the current transmission technologies that we have today, where we lose 25 to 80 percent of our power.  There has to be a majority in here, 218, that are capable of thinking about living in the future and not just the past.  I oppose the gentleman's amendment. I think that he's trying to be a good budgeteer, I guess, but in so doing, he cuts off the nose to spite his face.  America deserves to have an energy future, and it won't happen with amendments like this one.  So I oppose the gentleman's amendment, ask my colleagues to vote ``no,'' and I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Broun).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  