I have been listening to the debate and thinking we're a great Nation because we figured out how to build a nation. We had 13 Colonies. And then, miraculously, somehow, through the Northwest Ordinance and other means, we added more States and we figured out where their boundaries were. Sadly, Michigan and Ohio had to fight a little war on a piece of territory between us, but we even got that figured out. Then, golly, you know, we sort of expanded. Even Alaska became a State. As we became more adult as a Nation, we figured out where the watersheds were. We even have maps for watersheds in our country. We've always been a country that is a can-do Nation, not a can't-do Nation.  So I believe the amendment takes America in an important direction by allowing the Corps the needed flexibility to deal with real confusion that has reigned in the wake of two Supreme Court decisions and, frankly, climate change. As water distribution changes around our country, we are moving into a different era, if anybody cares to open their eyes and look at what is happening across our country.  Without this amendment, the bill would result in increased implementation costs to Federal and State resource agencies, as well as to the regulated community, increased delays in the implementation of important public works projects, and protracted litigation on the disparity between existing Federal regulations and the two court decisions.  Further, the current provision does not apply to just this year; it applies to any subsequent energy and water development act, ensuring the uncertainty continues indefinitely.  How is that good for anything? Why is can't do better than can do?  Let's provide clarity. Let's provide some certainty to the market. We should be allowing the Corps to take actions that address the Supreme Court's rulings, bringing clarity and certainty to the regulatory process, not prolonging the confusion, further delay, further uncertainty. How does that help anything, regardless of what region of the country you live in? I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  