 It was such a privilege to know him. Truly, he was not just a vigilant patriot, though that surely would have been enough, but he really was a man of the House. He belonged here, and his people knew that for over four decades.  When I think of Bill Young, I think of words like ``courage,'' ``perseverance,'' ``insight,'' and ``fair play.'' He had a gentlemanly demeanor at any time that I ever encountered him. He had a respect for regular order, for the gavel, and for seniority, which I share. He had a fortitude about him that people in my part of the country call real ``spunk,'' and he had a sparkle in his eye and an easy smile and an understanding. He was such a real human being.  Part of that is the fact that he grew up very poor in Pennsylvania in a coal town in an old shack. He really knew what poverty was. He didn't have an easy childhood and he never forgot that. Yet he rose to be a master appropriator. In that capacity, he was not imperious but collegial, and he handled the gavel with fair play.  He loved his wife, Beverly, so much. I can still see her sitting in the gallery or coming unannounced into a committee meeting. He loved his family and he loved Florida.  He worked so hard for the men and women in our armed services and our veterans, certainly in his own State where right near him is the Bay Pines Veterans Medical Center, the fourth largest veterans facility in the country, but also all the operations of SOUTHCOM, as in his last decade of service dealing with all that we have to on the Defense Subcommittee in terms of the wars being conducted in Afghanistan and, of course, Iraq. He was engaged in all the intelligence at thehighest levels and kept his good measure. His endurance and his heroic battles in these years that all of us witnessed showed the true measure of the man.  In closing, Madam Speaker, I would just like to say I will be seeing Bill Young in all the old familiar places, not just here on the floor, but as we travel in codels to some of the most godforsaken places on Earth, as we visit some of the highest level research facilities in our country and our men and women in uniform. I shall always remember Bill Young and be grateful for having been able to serve with him.  