Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) for yielding to me.  I want to also thank our ranking member of the Defense Subcommittee, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky), as well as to thank our mutual friend and colleague from Florida, Chairman Bill Young, for their hard work on this bill, which will benefit our Nation, our men and women in uniform, our Armed Forces, and all of those who are touched by what is contained in this legislation.  Within the limits provided and despite severe cuts, this bill has been written in a bipartisan way by our subcommittee. I thank the members for working so collaboratively together. It is a model for this House and our committee on how to do the work necessary to meet the needs of the American people.  The bill includes $125 million above the President's request for funding health research for traumatic brain injuries and posttraumatic stress conditions--the signature wounds of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. The bill also includes $544 million for cancer research, including breast cancer, prostate cancer, ovarian cancer, and lung cancer research, which are endured at a much higher percentage among our troops than among the population at large.  The bill also contains continuing support for our NATO responsibilities, including continuing joint operations related to the Newly Independent States. The bill includes the requested amount in the budget for the Iron Dome missile defense partnership with Israel.  The bill also includes $1.5 billion above the request for the National Guard and Reserve Equipment account to fund equipment requirements of the National Guard and Reserve components. During the last decade of war, our National Guard and Reserve units have proven themselves as the strategic partners for our Nation. Our subcommittee continues to provide the funding necessary for our Guard and Reserve units to continue their missions, which they do extremely well and much more cost-effectively than in the active forces.  This legislation also continues the military's commitment to lead our Nation toward energy independence. The Pentagon, which is the largest petroleum user in the world, must lead our Nation forward toward energy independence. No challenge could be more vital to our national security and economic security than energy independence.  