Chairman, I rise to oppose the gentleman's well-intentioned amendment and again reiterate that our budget is simply insufficient in our subcommittee to meet all of the needs of the country.  What the gentleman is proposing is to take an additional $31 million out of the Department's administrative accounts and to shift them to renewable energy systems relating to dams and small dam construction. That is a very worthy objective. However, if you know anything about the Department of Energy, one of the challenges we face in the administrative accounts is getting them to manage their contracts in a way that properly oversees taxpayer dollar expenditures. That Department has had some of the worst cost overruns I have ever seen in my career in Congress, on the nuclear side and on the nonnuclear side. So when the gentleman wants to cut administrative costs, my worry is that we will not have the kind of rigor that the chairman and I have been trying to reinfuse in the Department to better manage the dollars that we allow them to spend. And so I think the gentleman's amendment runs a real risk of creating mismanagement there simply because they don't have the personnel to do the job.  And so I think that your end purpose is a very, very worthy one. And, frankly, we have some small dams in Ohio that would benefit from the gentleman's amendment, but I have to come down on the side of rigor and proper administration by the Department in all of their accounts, and the amount of mismanagement and cost overruns in some of their programs is into the billions.  The administrative accounts overall are only $187 million to manage a Department that is over $30 billion worth of expenditures and all kinds of contractors, all kinds of cleanup programs that stand on that thin reed of $187 million for nationwide contract administration and personnel administration.  So I rise in opposition to the gentleman's amendment. I understand what he's trying to do, but we simply can't risk improper contract management in that Department at this time. I urge opposition to the amendment.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).  The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it.  