Speaker, I rise in reluctant support of this continuing resolution.  The action we are taking today will restore some semblance of regular order. The CR, with the inclusion of 5 of the individual bills, is preferable to no appropriations process at all.  Perhaps this catch all bill for the remainder of 2013 will break the logjam and signal restoration of regular order for 2014 bills, a return is long overdue. This is the Congress' rightful Constitutional role and duty--open hearings, normal amendments, and full floor consideration of all 12 appropriations bills.  Two weeks ago as the House first considered the CR, I had hoped to see significant improvement through the process of its consideration. This hope was not fully realized. Though some areas were improved, significantly the inclusion of 3 additional bills, in other areas the CR does not adequately address national needs. The Energy and Water Development jurisdiction is just one example of where the CR falls short.  Congress' failure to do our jobs and pass discrete annual appropriation bills limits our ability to respond to changing realities within government programs as well as our ability to perform appropriate oversight.  The bill does not address the sequester. These unnecessary, indiscriminate reductions will cut economic growth by one-third. Though economists predict sequestration will cost 2 million jobs, not passing the measure would cost even more.  We cannot continue to make decisions whose adverse impact falls primarily on the middle class and those who are the most vulnerable in our country. Our Nation is at its best when we ensure that opportunity is available to everyone, opportunity which is the bedrock of the American dream.  The measure, though far from perfect . . . gives some confidence, albeit late, to the 2013 budget, the public, and the markets so that normal federal transactions can occur--with clarity.  While I believe improvements could and should be made, the alternatives carry a higher risk. I will therefore reluctantly support this bill.  