 The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 263, line 3, strike ``; and'' and insert a semicolon.       Page 263, after line 3, insert after paragraph (3) the      following new paragraph:       (4) in subsection (h)(2), by inserting ``, including, to      the extent practicable, practices that maximize benefits for      honey bees'' after ``pollinators''; and       At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following:     SEC. 12___. PROTECTION OF HONEY BEES AND OTHER POLLINATORS.       (a) In General.--The Secretary, in consultation with the      Secretary of the Interior and the Administrator of the      Environmental Protection Agency, shall carry out such      activities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to      protect and ensure the long-term viability of populations of      honey bees, wild bees, and other beneficial insects of      agricultural crops, horticultural plants, wild plants, and      other plants, including--       (1) providing technical expertise relating to proposed      agency actions that may threaten pollinator health or      jeopardize the long-term viability of populations of      pollinators;       (2) providing formal guidance on national policies relating      to--       (A) permitting managed honey bees to forage on National      Forest Service lands where compatible with other natural      resource management priorities; and       (B) planting and maintaining managed honey bee and native      pollinator forage on National Forest Service lands where      compatible with other natural resource management priorities;       (3) making use of the best available peer-reviewed science      regarding environmental and chemical stressors on pollinator      health; and       (4) regularly monitoring and reporting on the health and      population status of managed and native pollinators including      bees, birds, bats, and other species.       (b) Task Force on Bee Health and Commercial Beekeeping.--       (1) Establishment.--The Secretary shall establish a task      force--       (A) to coordinate Federal efforts carried out on or after      the date of enactment of this Act to address the serious      worldwide decline in bee health, especially honey bees and      declining native bees; and       (B) to assess Federal efforts to mitigate pollinator losses      and threats to the United States commercial beekeeping      industry.       (2) Agency consultation.--The task force established under      this subsection shall seek ongoing consultation from any      Federal agency carrying out activities important to bee      health and commercial beekeeping, including officials from--       (A) the Department of Agriculture;       (B) the Department of the Interior;       (C) the Environmental Protection Agency;       (D) the Food and Drug Administration;       (E) the Department of Commerce; and       (F) U.S. Customs and Border Protection.       (3) Stakeholder consultation.--The task force established      under this subsection shall consult with beekeeper,      conservation, scientist, and agricultural stakeholders.       (c) Report to Congress.--Not later than 180 days after the      date of enactment of this Act, the task force established      under subsection (b) shall submit to Congress a report that--       (1) summarizes Federal activities carried out pursuant to      section 1672(h) of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and      Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 5925(h)) or any other provision      of law (including regulations) to address bee decline;       (2) summarizes international efforts to address the decline      of managed honey bees and native pollinators; and       (3) provides recommendations to Congress regarding how to      better coordinate Federal agency efforts to address the      decline of managed honey bees and native pollinators.       (d) Pollinator Research Lab Feasibility Study.--       (1) In general.--The Secretary, acting through the      Administrator of the Agricultural Research Service, may      conduct feasibility studies regarding--       (A) re-locating existing honey bee and native pollinator      research from Federal laboratories to a cooperator-run      facility in a location most geographically appropriate for      pollinator research; and       (B) modernizing existing honey bee research laboratories      identified by the Agricultural Research Service in the      capital investment strategy document dated 2012.       (2) Consultation.--In conducting the feasibility studies      under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with--       (A) beekeeper, native bee, agricultural, research      institution, and bee conservation stakeholders regarding new      research laboratory needs under paragraph (1)(A); and       (B) commercial beekeepers regarding modernizing existing      honey bee laboratories under paragraph (1)(B).  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio.  