 I note that many of those who have spoken in opposition to the Moran amendment do not live in parts of the country that actually would be affected by the burial of this material.  Section 112 would prohibit the Corps from amending its regulations to change the definition of fill material and discharge of fill material so that discharges of mine wastes and similar materials into the waters of the United States would be regulated under the more environmentally protective regulations and standards issued under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit program in section 402 of the Clean Water Act and administered by the States, along with EPA.  I don't know how many Members actually have had to deal with cleaning up messes in their districts. But I didn't know that, once I became a Member of Congress, how significant the work would be and what I would have to do just in my region of the country to clean up the mess from the past. Well, I've learned too much.  Maybe the districts of those who are standing up in opposition to Mr. Moran's amendment have never had to do this. But let me tell you there are dead freshwater lakes in Ohio that are very close, in fact, to the gentleman who just spoke in opposition to Mr. Moran's amendment. There are lakes that have been polluted and no one knows how to clean them up. I have actually had the task of representing a river that is dead with waste that's in the bottom of the river that washed out into adjoining streams in the lake and all the scientists are trying to figure out how to cap it, how to do this, how to do that with the PCBs and everything else. There are Love Canals all across this country. We have to change the way we live for the future generations of this country.  How about trying to clean up beryllium that's moving in streams and washing out and you see rising cancer rates? And why are cancer rates in certain parts of the country more than in other parts of the country? Well, it's the legacy of the past and the messes that aren't cleaned up.  How about unexploded ordnance on the bottoms of streams and rivers and lakes across this country? If you get the Department of Defense charts on what exists in this country that needs to be cleaned up, the defense cleanup costs that are necessary just across this Nation, including in some of our freshwater lakes, is staggering.  If you don't know about the problems, I'm sorry that you don't. But I don't see how adding mine waste to the rest of this mess is going to make the future better than the past.  If you think about the population of the country, we had 146 million people in the country 50, 60 years ago. Today, we have 310 million. By 2050, it's going to be 500 million. But do you know what's not going to increase? The amount of water we have. The amount of fresh water is not an infinite resource. It is absolutely finite. And it's used once and maybe it drops down again in the rain. But nobody is going to give us more water. It's either going to be snowfall or it's going to be rain, and it's going to wash into our streams and rivers. There's not going to be anymore. We're going to have five, six, seven times more people than we had in the past.  Why would we risk burying more junk in our rivers, in our streams, and throwing it out in these riverbeds around the country? If you haven't faced the task of trying to clean it up, then you shouldn't even be voting on this bill. The cost of past cleanups is enormous.  I wish I didn't have to deal with it in my region of the country. I came here to make the parks better. I came here to build better housing. I came here to create jobs. And I'm finding I have these billion-dollar cleanup jobs for which we have no money, no money to clean them up. Why would we add to the problem?  Under the current definition, such discharges are evaluated under the Clean Water Act section 404(b)(1) guidelines, which are not well suited for evaluating the environmental effects of discharging hazardous wastes like mining refuse and similar materials intojurisdictional wetlands and waters. Further, the current provision does not apply to just this year. It applies to any subsequent energy and water development act, precluding potential changes that may be necessary to protect public health or the environment.  If you haven't seen babies that have tumors in their brains because some company buried waste in parks that those children played in, then somebody better wake up around here and change the way that we do business in this country, because we cannot do this. We cannot continue the bad practices of the past. We have to make life better for future generations that will have more pressures on them simply because of the population growth in this country.  I urge my colleagues to support the Moran amendment, and I commend him for offering it on this bill today.  I yield back the balance of my time.  