 The Water Resources Development Act of 2007--which was passed with such bipartisan support that it overcame a Presidential veto--authorized the Corps to undertake the Missouri River Ecosystem Restoration Plan and develop the Missouri River Recovery Implementation Committee to consult on the study. This authority provided a venue for collaboration between a 70-member stakeholder group of tribes, States, stakeholder groups, and Federal agencies to develop a shared vision and comprehensive plan for the restoration of the Missouri River ecosystem.  By prohibiting the Corps from expending any 2013 funds on a study and a committee, we continue the delay that started with the same shortsighted amendment that was adopted last year, sadly. This will lead to further erosion of trust in the delicate partnerships in the basin.  While the Corps will continue to comply with the endangered species requirements through other activities, I believe there is a role for a long-term plan for the basin. We face the same sort of issue in my part of the country where we have rivers and lakes that carry commercial trade, but we also have an ecosystem that we are a part of. And we are learning, as a world, how to deal with the natural systems of which we are all a part.  So I think what's been incredible with the Missouri River System is to see some of the flooding that has been prevented because of the Corps' work for a century now. I think all the American people support efforts to try to contain the power of that river at times when it could flood communities and harm both the people and our developed environment.  But I don't really support the gentleman's amendment because I do think there is a role for the ecosystem to be contemplated when long-term planning is done. With what's happening with rainfall, what's happening with population explosion and so forth, it's more incumbent upon us to work together and try to figure out how to work through those partnerships.  So, sadly, I oppose the amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to do so.  I yield back the balance of my time.  The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Luetkemeyer).  The amendment was agreed to.  