Chairman, today I rise in opposition to H.R. 3309. This bill hurts innovation by small business and many American inventors with less than 5 patents. My amendment to exempt them from the strictures and inherent costs of this bill was not made in order. Issues with this bill:  Proponents of the bill claim that H.R. 3309 attempts to fix the issue with patent trolls. However, there is no evidence that patent trolls make up more than a very small percent of the civil suits brought in court--probably less than 5 percent.  The bill does however make it more difficult and for the vast majority of inventors and much more expensive for the ``little guy'' to sue for patent infringement. Small inventors simply cannot afford to defend themselves. Truly, this is un-American.  Fee shifting and ``loser pay'' rules ensure that only wealthy inventors and large business are able to protect their patents. Many small inventors and entrepreneurs simply cannot afford the cost of civil litigation and the potential cost of paying the legal fees for losing a lawsuit. Why throttle the most important source of innovation in our Nation?  Six national higher education associations including the Association of American Universities, Association of American Medical Universities, Association of Public and Land Grant Universities, and the American Bar Association and the Association of University Technology Managers oppose this bill. More than half of the U.S. economic growth since World War II is the result of technological innovation resulting from federally funded research. Universities are worried that this bill will hurt their ability to turn their federally funded research into the commercial sector because of how difficult it will be to defend their patents in court with the new fee shifting rules.  The American Association of Justice is ``deeply concerned with the continued inclusion of burdensome mandatory fee shifting, unfair limitations on discovery and impediments on the discretion of the courts.''  The bill should be sent back to committee. It should review in particular the development and improvement of rules of procedure and case management to address the concerns over abusive litigation practices so we can address the real issues with patent law without making unnecessary changes that hurt small business and individual inventors.  