Speaker, I wish to rise tonight to pay tribute to a very good friend, Ron Lasch. I came as a staff Member to this body more years than I would like to think ago, and Ron was always a friend, whether I was a staffer, whether I was a Member of Congress, whether I worked at the White House or here on the Hill.  For many years and many decades, in fact, Ron Lasch watched virtually every debate, every vote on this floor more than probably any other American, in fact. His retirement, his surprise retirement this week did catch a lot of us surprised because Ron Lasch was a good friend. He was a confidante, a member of the staff that would sit in the back that really did know everything. Yet, he did not tell everything unless he was asked.  We would ask him about amendments. Today, as an example, I chaired a hearing on our nuclear labs and the security that has been lapsing at them out West, a hearing that literally took 8 or 9 hours today. Lo and behold, as we had a number of votes on the floor, a number of us came to find out what the order of the amendments were, what precisely they did.  Ron Lasch was always one that could tell us. He had sat here during the debate. He knew what was going on. His word was his bond. You could rely on Ron Lasch to get the right information. It was a little trouble today sitting in the back trying to figure out which amendments were coming up and precisely what they did. It took a little extra time.  We miss Ron. We miss him already, not 24 hours after he announced his retirement.  As we would sit with him in the back, he had great patience. We would sit with him sometimes for 20, 30 minutes talking about things going on on this House floor, and continually Members would be coming asking him, what is going on, what time are we going to get out, what amendments are coming up? And always he had the same patience with virtually every one of us.  As we tried to work our will on this House floor, on parliamentary procedures, how to instruct conferees, how to have a re-vote, he had invaluable advice, as he knew all the rules. He made sure that he could train us, as well.  He had a wealth of information. At the end of every session he and I always had a little special thing. He had a little crystal ball, and I hope that he leaves that in the cloakroom, as he would make his prediction as to when we would get out of session, maybe what time, what day. Usually we were all wrong and he was always right.  As I look at the folks that have gone before him, the great folks here, the Billy Pitts, former Speakers, J.J. Cullen, he ranks with all of them. He knew what was going on. We are going to miss him.  When Jim Ford left this place, I think it was Roll Call or the Hill asked him about his thoughts. They said, You know, Jim, for all the years that you have been here, you could write a book, and based on the book sales you could probably go to the Bahamas. And Jim Ford's response was, no, I could buy the Bahamas if I wrote that book.  Well, Ron Lasch could probably do more than that. He loved this place. He had great respect for the institution. We will miss him, and I know the staff, Peggy and Jim and Tim and Jay, Joelle, Martha, all of us here will miss his wisdom, his insight, his hard work, his loyalty, and just him.  I yield to my friend, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young).  