 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 247, a resolution supporting National Donor Day and recognizing the importance of organ, tissue, bone marrow, and blood donation.  Americans who donate their organs, tissue, bone marrow, or blood to save another's life are indeed heroes; and I am delighted that the House today has taken time to recognize them as such. But despite the generosity of the American people and improvements in medical treatments for transplant patients, the supply of organs continues to be tragically short of the need for transplantation among patients with end-stage organ disease and organ failure. Every year the number of patients who die while waiting for a transplant increases, and so does the national waiting list, which now exceeds 65,000 patients waiting for kidney, liver, heart, lung, pancreas and intestine transplants. We must do more.  Our Nation may also be facing an increasingly severe shortage of blood. As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, I have held a series of hearings over the last couple of months on this issue and the alternatives for addressing it. We have learned that virtually every 3 seconds someone in our country needs blood. Supplies need to be replenished daily to meet the demand. An estimated 32,000 units of blood are used in the country every day. As many as 95 percent of Americans are going to need a blood transfusion some time in their life, but yet only 5 percent of Americans donate blood.  We are quickly heading to a point where blood demand is going to exceed our supply. Several weeks ago Washington was down to less than a 1-day supply, and a critical need for blood remains evident throughout the country even this week.  As many may know, our committee, the Committee on Commerce, has spent a great deal of time and effort this last year working to develop good solutions to the difficult problem of increasing the supply of donated organs while safeguarding the system from unintended bureaucratic interference that would dramatically harm efforts to increase donations.  Many of those ideas are embodied in H.R. 2418, The Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network Amendments of 1999, which was reported out of the committee at the end of last session. H.R. 2418 ensures that decision-making with regard to organ transplantation remains in the transplant community, and not in the hands of the Federal Government.  This bill includes a provision to provide living and travel expenses for individuals who travel across State lines in order to donate an organ to a person requiring such. After many hearings on this important issue, our committee found there are willing donors who would like to save the life of another American but also find themselves in financial circumstances that would make donation of a life-saving organ even more of a hardship. H.R. 2418 would ease that burden, and I would urge this body to take up that bill and pass legislation that would make organ donation easier for every American.  I am also proud to say that due to the Committee on Commerce's efforts, H.R. 3075, the Medicare, Medicaid and S-CHIP Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999 added $200 million to pay for additional immunosuppressive drug therapy. Medicare presently only covers these drugs for 36 months. This bill takes a first step at addressing that issue and allows us to provide more coverage for needy organ transplant patients. Access to these life-saving drugs prevents the organ rejection that places so much strain on the organ supply network. We should all be grateful to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Canady) and those who cosponsored the legislation for bringing this issue to the attention of the committee.  While we in Congress continue to safeguard the organ allocation system from harmful bureaucratic interference and work to address financial problems living donors face, as well as those recipients who need affordable immunosuppressive drug therapy, let us take the time this afternoon to applaud the ordinary American, every American, who has given the gift of life to their neighbors and families by donating organs, tissue, bone marrow, or blood. That is what this resolution calls for. We salute you for your sacrifice and your charity.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  