I might say, though, as a member of the committee, we have had days and days and nights on this issue, some would say 40 days and 40 nights, a lot of weeks over the last couple of years, including debate, lengthy debate, on this House floor.  The problem is not hearings; the problem is the administration. The administration has refused to negotiate in good faith on an issue of terrific importance to the entire country on this issue.  Detractors, many of the detractors of this bill were against nuclear power from the get-go. I have to say that I think I was still in grade school when the decision was made, maybe even before that, to go with nuclear power; and we are now 30 or 40 years later, and when the decision was made, the Federal Government promised that it would take care of the long-term storage of high-level nuclear waste.  As the gentleman from Louisiana pointed out earlier, we have more than 80 sites across this country that are storing now high-level nuclear waste. A number of them, including some in my district, but about a dozen sites around the country in fact ran out of room a long time ago.  In my district we have cement silos literally a baseball throw away, a Sammy Sosa relay throw, from Lake Michigan, where it is being stored, probably for at least another decade. I do not want it there. I want it in one safe place.  We transported that material to these sites around the country for the last couple of decades. Not a single case of radioactivity was released in those transfers. I believe that with the standards that we impose, that we will in fact see that waste transported safely again without a single release to one safe site.  I have been to the Nevada site. I have seen some of the $10 billion of Federal money that was used to finally store this for thousands of years, and I think it is going to be safe. The scientists are going to decide that.  Our problem has been an administration that has refused to negotiate with us. Yes, they have given us conditions they wanted. But do you know what? This bill we are taking up this afternoon, many of those conditions were met. We heard the other side talk about the interim storage facilities, this does not have an interim storage facility. Well, I can show you the letter signed by the President, not only this year but last year and the year before that, he is going to veto the bill if that provision is in there. The Senate leadership in good faith negotiations said okay, we are going to have a new President next year, one way or another. We will take that out if that gets you to sign the bill.  Guess what? The veto signal still stayed on. In my State we have a Republican Senator and we have a Democratic Senator. Both of them voted for this bill that we are now debating today.  It is time to get a bill to the President's desk. That is all we are asking. It is not perfect. Our bill, the House Commerce bill, yes, it is better. It is better in a lot of respects. But in negotiations with this administration the Senate felt they had to make some changes that they thought that was the best, to hopefully get the administration on board; and, at the end of the day, Lucy took the football away again, and we are left with what we have got. We are left with the hand that we are dealt.  Madam Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to vote down this motion. We have had a lot of hearings. We spent a lot of time on this issue for the right reasons. It has been bipartisan virtually every which way. I would hope that we could turn down this motion to commit and vote for the bill.  