Speaker, this bill is brought up under suspension of the rules, and usually those measures are brought up when they are noncontroversial. Until about a month or two ago this issue was very controversial. In fact, a year ago there were probably some of us on both sides of the aisle that were ready to do battle, with swords.  This has been a tough battle, and I want to particularly commend the thoughtfulness and the hard work of my colleague, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Smith). There were a number of us that were able to get together with the gentleman from Texas on both sides of the aisle. We had a number of associations across the country as well, whether they be the White House, whether they be the Governors Association, the Chamber of Commerce, or Republicans and Democrats. The gentleman from New York (Mr. LaFalce) and I headed up the charge, on our side. And I had the privilege over the last couple of years, with others in this body that are on the floor now, of participating jointly with our Canadian counterparts, our colleagues from Canada.  This has been the number one issue the last number of years. Why is that? In my home State of Michigan, we have more than a billion and a half dollars of trade that literally goes across the bridge into Canada every day. Every day. We have thousands of Americans and Canadians that cross the border to work, whether it be at hospitals or other places. And, sadly, under the old rules, I guess those that are still present today until this legislation becomes law, under that section 110, had it been allowed to come into play, it would have meant a delay for days, perhaps, for people to go simply from one side of the border to the other, whether it be for dinner, for a job, or whatever it might be.  Thanks to the leadership of people on this floor today, particularly my colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Houghton), the gentleman from New York (Mr. McHugh), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Stearns),and others, we were able to have a meeting of the minds. And in fact, we have legislation now that, when it is passed this afternoon, and thanks to the leadership of many in the Senate as well, instead of coming to war over this issue, like we almost did last year, in essence we are able to come shoulder to shoulder and do something for the American good that will help both countries, and Mexico as well, but our interest certainly has been Canada, for those of us from Michigan. But we are going to resolve this issue by using our heads and our minds and our words.  I just want to commend again my colleague from Texas for allowing us to take this bill on a fairly rapid course through his subcommittee, our leadership by getting it to the floor today, and, in essence, getting away next year, instead of having that date come into play, when literally our borders would be locked and sealed and folks would be unable to cross the border for whatever purpose. In fact, this opens the door in a meaningful way; and one that I think was certainly the intent of the legislation that was passed.  