 First of all, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida for her important remarks during this debate. We had some terrific hearings in the Subcommittee on Oversight this last fall, a whole series of hearings, talking about the need for blood and how, in fact, it looks very much that the whole country could face some real shortages this year, particularly in certain regions of the country.  At that point, we decided, as we saw back in Michigan, my home State, a number of efforts were taken up by service clubs and universities challenging each other, particularly at Western Michigan University challenging Central Michigan University, and I thought we would have that same type of challenge here on Capitol Hill.  So about 2 weeks ago was the date that Republicans and Democrats, staff and Members, House and Senate, challenged each other; I wish we had the trophy over here. The Republicans did win, but we all won. We helped certainly the shortage where it exists.  Madam Speaker, we have a real need for donors to give blood. Because even though the number of donors in fact is increasing each and every year, the need for blood is increasing at an even greater pace, and because of that, I think all of us, particularly in positions as Members often are, where we can use ourselves to help generate other donors to contribute blood across the country.  I want to also spend a little bit of time talking about our good friend, the Chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young). A couple of years ago, probably 6 or 7, maybe even more thanthat, his daughter was in desperate straits needing a bone marrow transplant. He single-handedly, I think, signed up a good number of us on the House Floor, Republicans and Democrats, the gentlewoman's home State, and I was one of those that was tested. My donation was made, I guess it is in a bank. I pray for the day that someone is going to call me and say Fred, we want you to come down and donate bone marrow to save the life of someone in this country or elsewhere around the world. In fact, one of our colleagues, because of the actions that he took, actually it was a Member no longer a Member from Florida, in fact, did donate bone marrow tissue and in fact did save the life of someone because of the work of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young).  All of us, particularly those that are able to donate to this bank so that we may be called on to save someone at some point down the road I think is very necessary, and this bill recognizes those people that can do that.  I would also like to praise our States. I know in my State of Michigan it is now a normal thing, and I think maybe it is for most States. I know Virginia, talking to my staff over here, I know has that, and I know Florida has that same thing, but of course on the back of our driver's license in Michigan, there is a provision I would like to make a gift effective on my death, all organs specific, et cetera, all tissues.  