Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to approve S. 632, the Poison Control Center Enhancement and Awareness Act.  This long-overdue legislation will provide a stable base of support for our Nation's threatened poison control centers and improve public education and awareness about these life-saving resources.  This Senate bill is the companion measure to the legislation that I introduced with my colleague and friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns), in the last session of Congress. I am pleased to note that our bill enjoys strong bipartisan support, it has more than 130 cosponsors; and that the Senate bill, this bill, was approved by unanimous consent under the leadership of our Ohio friend, Senator Mike DeWine.  Poison control centers provide vital, very cost-effective services to the American public. Each year more than 2 million poisonings are reported to poison control centers throughout the United States. More than 90 percent of these poisonings occur in the home, and more than 50 percent of poisoning victims are children under the age of 16.  For every dollar spent on poison control center services, $7 in medical services are saved. But in spite of their obvious value, poison control centers are indeed in jeopardy.  Historically, these centers were typically funded by the private and public sector hospitals where they were located. The transition to managed care, however, has resulted in a gradual erosion of the funding. As this funding source has been drying up, poison control centers have only partially been able to replace the support by cobbling together other State and local and private funding.  The financial squeeze has forced many of the centers to curtail their poison prevention advisory services and their information and emergency activities and reduce the number of nurses, pharmacists, and physicians answering the emergency telephones. Currently, there are 73 centers. In 1978 there were 661.  The Poison Control Center Enhancement and Awareness Act will provide up to $28 million each year over the next 5 years to provide a stable source of funding for these centers, to establish a national toll-free poison control hotline, and to improve public education on poisoning prevention and poison center services.  The legislation is designed to ensure that these funds supplement, not supplant, other funding that the centers may be receiving and provides the Secretary of Health and Human Services with the authority to impose a matching requirement.  Further, to receive Federal funding, a center will have to be certified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services or an organizational expert in the field of poison control designated by the Secretary. I want to recognize especially Senator DeWine's contribution and his leadership.  In addition to my colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Towns), I would especially like to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley), chairman of the Committee on Commerce; the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), the ranking member; and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health and the Environment; and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), his ranking member, for their interest and leadership on this issue.  Mr. Speaker, there is no greater pain or nightmare to watch a loved one suffer for something that we could cure.  I can remember, as a new dad, buying those little gadgets and putting them on my cupboards in my kitchen to make sure that my daughter and my son would not be able to open those up and find the detergent and bleach and other things that might be in those cabinets. But despite that foresight, it is not 100 percent foolproof. And when these things happen, we have to make sure that every family across this great country has access to an 800 number where they can immediately reach out to someone who knows what to do when that tragedy might strike.  That is what this bill does, Mr. Speaker. It provides that access so our kids and our loved ones can live. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. It is long overdue, and I look forward to its passage this evening.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  