Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of H.R. 2130, the Hillory J. Farias and Samantha Reid Date-Rape Drug Prohibition Act.  As you may recall, the House initially approved this legislation last October on a vote of 423 to 1. This evening we will vote on this legislation as amended by the Senate, and if the legislation is approved, it will go straight to the President to be signed into law.  The legislation we are considering today will amend the Controlled Substances Act to put GHB, a dangerous and sometimes fatal drug used to facilitate sexual assaults, in schedule 1 of the Controlled Substances Act, the most tightly regulated category of drugs with the strongest penalties for misuse.  It will also clamp tight controls on GBL, a precursor to GHB that is itself being used to facilitate sexual assaults.  This legislation is desperately needed. The abuse, trafficking, and diversion of GHB is rapidly increasing. The Drug Enforcement Administration has documented nearly 6,000 encounters of GHB. Deaths from the drug are escalating rapidly, from one in 1990 to 17 last year, for a total of 58 deaths. Emergency room episodes resulting from the use of the drug are also escalating rapidly, from 20 in 1992 to 762 in 1997, the last year for which data is available, for a total of more than 1,600 episodes.  Sadly, these numbers are reflecting only the tip of an iceberg. GHB is difficult to detect, almost impossible, in the body, within a few hours of its being ingested. Many law enforcement officers and emergency room personnel are not trained to look for it.  As an example, I heard from one source in Kansas City that they suspected thousands of date rape and drug abuse cases in the greater Kansas City region since 1993. The legislation before us was sparked by the death of two young, wonderful women, one in Texas and one in Michigan, whose drinks were spiked with GHB. Since then, five more women have died in Texas and another two in Michigan. We must act now before this tragic toll rises any further.  The FDA has issued consumer warnings about products containing GBL, which converts to GHB, when ingested in dietary supplements, and has asked companies marketing products containing GBL to recall them.  In August of last year the FDA sent a message to help professionals across the country, asking them to report adverse events associated with the consumption of these products. Since then, the agency has received 122 reports of serious adverse reactions, such as dangerously low respiration rates which may require intubation, unconsciousness, coma, seizures, irregular heartbeat, and yes, death.  Just this last month, as you may have read, Phoenix Suns player Tom Gugliotta suffered a seizure that caused him to stop breathing after taking an over-the-counter herbal supplement containing GBL. Similarly, a 16-year-old Peoria, Illinois high school student collapsed during a school gym class after taking a product containing GBL. He lost consciousness, stopped breathing, and had to be resuscitated by paramedics.  The Senate amended H.R. 2130 to further develop and strengthen the Department of Justice's focus on GHB and to provide for the development of forensic field tests for the detection of this substance. In all other respects, the Senate amendments have had the same effect as the legislation that we passed here in the House in October.  I wish to express my appreciation for the help of so many of my colleagues, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak), the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), and the gentleman from Virginia (Chairman Bliley), the help that they have given in getting us to this point, and for the leadership of the Senate, particularly Senator Abraham and Senator Hatch, in steering this legislation for Senate approval. This has been a bipartisan effort from day number one.  With all my heart, as the father of a daughter and son, I ask that the House approve this legislation tonight and send it to the President. Let us do this for all of our sons and daughters, who are at grave risk so long as these substances are so readily available.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  