Speaker, I would like to associate my remarks with those that have gone before me, both my good friend down the hall, my colleague from the great State of Michigan (Mr. Dingell), and certainly the chairman of the Subcommittee on Telecommunications, Trade and Consumer Protection, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin).  This effort has been bipartisan from the very start, from the very get-go. There are a lot of people here to thank. Obviously the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley) for getting this on the fast track through subcommittee and full committee last week, the hearings that the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and I conducted last month, the many hours of hearings, and his leadership on this has been refreshing for the Congress to get this done. But particularly as we have reached across on both sides of the aisle, working with my good friend the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) and others and the Committee on the Judiciary, we have in fact put together a bill that is solid, that is common sense. We identified major problems and we addressed them with this legislation.  I looked back at the record back in the 1970s. There was another big tire recall. It was the Firestone 500 tire. A lot of evidence came forth. A lot of problems were identified. Yet the Congress did not move, the House or Senate, to actually correct it and here we are 25, 30 years later and we are undergoing the same thing. But this is much more of a tragedy, for we have lost more than 100 lives because of these tires. We have seen hundreds and hundreds of accidents, many serious injuries. What this bill does is it corrects those problems.  As chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, our investigative staff went out and, in fact, we did collect the evidence, we did identify the problems, and we worked very closely with the legislative subcommittee, and the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) did a wonderful job of laying that out in the many days and the many hours of hearings that we had the last 6 weeks. And we worked in a bipartisan fashion to get this thing done. And here we are early now in the morning, in the waning days of the Congress trying to complete this task.  The gentleman from Louisiana talked about the many positives about this bill so that in fact this cannot happen again. And now passing this tonight as we will do, or this morning I guess I should say, working with the Senate to make sure that this gets done, already talking with the White House to make sure that this bill lands on the President's desk and he is going to be able to sign it. Shame on us, shame on this Congress if we cannot get this bill done in the last couple of days.  I think it is a terrific credit to the staff, to the Members, to get this bill done tonight in this bipartisan way dealing with the information that we learned over the last 4 or 5 weeks, working with all those involved on this very important issue to in fact put together a bill that would pass in the full Committee on Commerce, 42-0, and again hopefully on the floor tonight without dissent.  