Speaker, I know that my good friend, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Kildee), and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Chairman Goodling), I was part of that choir that they were preaching to. They had me convinced early on that this bill and funding for IDEA was certainly the right way to go, particularly as I talked to my local school districts, parents, and families back home.  This bill, H. Con. Res. 399, recognizes and honors the 25th anniversary of the passage of IDEA. We strongly believe, everyone I think in this Chamber believes strongly, in the goal of IDEA that every child, every child, should have the opportunity to receive a quality education. We have worked hard to ensure greater access to education for all students with disabilities. We have also worked increasingly to improve the quality of the education that children with disabilities receive.  Over the last 4 fiscal years, IDEA has seen a dramatic increase of $2.6 billion. That is 115 percent increase in the Federal contribution. Prior to that, the Federal contribution was only 7 percent.  Now, in fact, the Federal Government contributes 13 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure to assist with the excess cost of educating a child with a disability. A lot of us would like to see that be increased even beyond 13 percent and get quite a bit closer to the original goal, which is 30 or 40 percent.  During this Congress, the House passed H. Con. Res. 84, the IDEA full-funding resolution that passed 413-2. The resolution stated that IDEA is the highest priority among Federal elementary and secondary education programs and that, in fact, it should provide full funding to school districts as originally promised by the Congress.  The House also passed H.R. 4055, the IDEA Full Funding Act of 2000, by a vote 421-3. This provides an authorization scheduled for reaching the Federal mandate to assist States and local school districts with the excess costs of educating children with disabilities. This bill sets a schedule for meeting the Federal Government's IDEA funding commitment within an achievable time frame.  In the last Congress, we completed the reauthorization of IDEA. The amendments of 1997 brought many improvements to the education that children with disabilities receive. It focused on three things. It focused the law on the education to a child it is to receive rather than upon process and bureaucracy. Amendments gave parents greater input in determining the best education for their children by boosting the role of their parents; and they gave the teachers the tools that they need to teach all children well by reducing the amount of paperwork expected of teachers so that now they will have more time to spend with the students.  This is important legislation. It is an important program, and the Congress should step up to the plate to help our local schools deal with the pressing need that continues to grow in all of our congressional districts.  Again, I compliment Members on both sides of the aisle, particularly the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Chairman Goodling), for getting this bill to the floor; and I look forward to its passage.  