Speaker, we have all received thousands and thousands of e-mails from our constituents who have been outraged about erroneous reports that Congress was soon going to consider Congressman Schnell's bill H.B. 602P, which purportedly would impose a surcharge on literally every e-mail sent by an individual. Yes, yes, that rumor is false but around the same time another e-mail campaign suggested that the FCC was in fact going to impose a per minute access fee on Internet use, and again our constituents flooded our offices with e-mails to express their outrage.  It is undisputed that the FCC's unelected bureaucrats currently do have the power to authorize permitted access charges on Internet use, their claims that they have no intention of doing so disregarded. As we all know, the road to hell was paved with good intentions, and one need look no further than the e-rate tax to know how the FCC's unelected bureaucrats have recently used their authority to increase the Government's take by a billion dollars through an increase on every American's long distance charges.  The question is this: Should we trust the unelected bureaucrats at the FCCto keep their hands out of the pockets of Internet users, or should Congress pull the plug once and for all?  Our constituents have e-mailed us. They have talked to us through letters to the editor. They have come to our town meetings and they have said that they want us to pull the plug once and for all. That is why we need to pass this legislation this morning.  H.R. 1291 will prevent a stop-watch from being placed on the Internet so that our constituents are not charged by the minute when they surf the Web or when they e-mail their friends, families, customers or even us, Members of Congress, for that matter.  Our constituents are already paying for the phone service and a monthly fee usually to their Internet service provider as well. Clearly, if our constituents were charged by the minute when they surfed the Web or e-mailed, this would drastically increase the cost and dramatically inhibit their use of the Internet, perhaps as much as $400 over the course of the year.  This would disproportionately impact folks who communicate by e-mail, particularly families with children in the military overseas, or children who are in college far away from home, brothers and sisters, families who are scattered across our Nation, even around the globe, and seniors on fixed incomes who have begun to communicate by e-mail to their grandkids.  We cannot let this happen and this bill would prevent it. I am pleased that 141 of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle have cosponsored this legislation.  I commend the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Bliley), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) for all their efforts to ensure that this bill is on the floor today. I introduced it almost a year and a half ago and I am pleased to say we hope to pass it this morning.  