Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I commend the speakers that have spoken on this bill and those who helped lead the way in the Senate as well. Again we have seen bipartisan cooperation.  I rise today in support of S. 1455, the College Scholarship Fraud Prevention Act of 1999. This bill will prevent unscrupulous businesses from defrauding vulnerable students and their families seeking to finance their education. In essence we identified a scam that needs to be corrected and we have done it with common sense, bipartisan legislation. I urge my colleagues to follow the lead of the other body and pass this legislation this afternoon.  Students in Michigan and across the Nation are targeted by corrupt companies who prey on their hopes and dreams for a college education. A college education is one of the most important investments a person will ever make. College is not only a place where students decide what professions to follow but, more importantly, a place that begins their journey into adulthood. While education is central to students, it is even more vital to our Nation. Our political system depends on an educated citizenry who are able to make informed decisions. Also in light of the continual technological advances, businesses require an educated workforce. Thus, we want to encourage more students to in fact pursue a college education.  But each year crooked companies send literally thousands of letters out to hopeful students offering bogus scholarships. Scam artists target some of the most vulnerable members of our society. They collect millions of dollars, not thousands but millions of dollars, by preying on the hopes and dreams of students who desire to improve their life through higher education.  The FTC, the Federal Trade Commission, has been aware of this growing problem. In fact, in 1996 the FTC initiated Project Scholarship Scam, a nationwide crackdown on fraudulent scholarship search services. Though the FTC is dedicated to stopping these con artists, the FTC can only file civil charges that include redress to defrauded consumers and injunctions prohibiting or restricting future market activity. In most cases, the defendants settle with the FTC because evidence of their fraudulent conduct is so overwhelming. For example, in one case Student Assistance Services paid $300,000 to defrauded consumers and agreed not to offer further scholarship services and to pose, in fact, a $75 bond before telemarketing. Reluctantly, the FTC can only use injunctions to deter these con artists from their activities because they lack the authority to prosecute them on criminal charges.  It is clear that what this bill will do is in fact provide more protection for the most vulnerable members of our community, needy students and their families, than ever before. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation and commend the remarks of my previous colleagues who spoke in support of this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time.  