Chairman, I move to strike the last word for the purpose of entering into a colloquy with the chairman of the Subcommittee on Agriculture of the Committee on Appropriations.  Mr. Chairman, I want to bring to your attention the fire blight problem which destroyed many apple and pear crops in Michigan. While back home this past week, I personally saw the devastation in literally orchard after orchard along the road.  In May, a severe disaster struck Michigan, all but destroying the apple and pear crops in this highly intensive agriculture region. In addition to extremely wet, warm, and humid weather conditions throughout the month, a severe thunderstorm passed over southwest Michigan in May, causing severe damage to fruit trees and fruit crops. The thunderstorm's hail, high wind, and heavy rain scarred and wounded the leaves, limbs and fruit on the trees. In the case of apple and pear trees, these wounds provided an avenue for the fire blight to enter the trees, causing severe and widespread disease.  The result is that nearly 7,650 acres of the 17,000 acres of apple trees in this region have been severely affected by fire blight. Some of the remaining 9,000-some acres are affected as well, depending upon apple variety; but the trees are expected to recover in future years. Of the acreage severely affected, we suspect that nearly some 2,000 acres of apple trees will, in fact, die. The remainder may be saved, but their production in the future will certainly be significantly reduced.  My governor, Governor Engler, in conjunction with myself, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Hoekstra), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Ehlers), the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Smith), and Senator Abraham have requested Secretary Glickman to designate the affected counties in Michigan as a disaster area, which should help to some degree.  However, more must be done. I am pleased to report that Senator Abraham in the other body is working with his colleagues to provide some additional funds for relief as this body considers the fiscal year 2001 agriculture appropriation bill.  I would ask the gentleman from New Mexico (Chairman Skeen) that as this bill moves through the legislative process that the gentleman work with our colleagues in the other body to provide much-needed relief to growers in southwest Michigan whose crops have been devastated by this fire blight.  