Chairman, I want to underscore what the gentleman indicated that is in my district now in the last 2 weeks, we have seen gasoline go over $2 a gallon. I would think that now, more than ever before, that we need the research that this provision provides which would allow the PNGV, in essence, to support the technology that will, indeed, improve fuel efficiency.  I commend the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula), chairman of the Subcommittee on the Interior, for recognizing this important benefit for PNGV.  I urge my colleagues to defeat the Sununu amendment which wouldstrike the important funding for it in the bill. If not now, when? This is the time that we ought to do it. Our constituents are screaming about the high cost of gasoline.  We need to help the universities and other researchers provide the adequate funding so we have more fuel efficient automobiles. That is what this provision does. Obviously, an amendment to strike it would take away that ability for all consumers across the country. I urge defeat of this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the Sununu amendment.  Unfortunately, this amendment shortsightedly overlooks the enormous benefits our wise investment in the Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles--PNGV--makes to improve technologies to increase fuel economy and improve emissions without sacrificing affordability, utility, safety and comfort in today's family cars.  Investment in PNGV for agency programs most directly relevant to its technical objectives amount to about $130 million annually--99% of which goes directly to supplier companies, national labs, and universities who engage in research and development in areas including: advanced batteries for electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, lightweight materials, vehicle recycling, fuel economy and further reductions of emissions. Federal partners involved in this research include the Departments of Commerce, Energy, Transportation and Defense, along with the EPA, the National Science Foundation, NASA, and 21 federal labs.  Make no mistake, the benefits which our wise investment in PNGV are enormous. This effort is advancing America's technology base, improving national competitiveness and the productivity of America's factories, preserving U.S. jobs, keeping the U.S. economy growing, minimizing transportation's impact on the global environment and achieving sustainable development by fostering environmentally friendly transportation solutions, and reducing reliance on foreign oil.  Speaking of foreign oil, many of our congressional districts around the nation are experiencing drastic increases in gas prices at the pump. In my district alone, prices are near the $2 per gallon mark for regular unleaded at the self-service pump, and my constituents are demanding relief. So now, more than ever, we need the research which PNGV supports for technologies which can improve fuel efficiency.  I applaud my colleagues on the Interior Appropriations Subcommittee for recognizing the important benefits of PNGV, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the Sununu amendment, which would strike the important funding for it in the bill.  