Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, let me just say that we are really speaking with one voice tonight, and that is on behalf of the young women, the young girls, who have been abducted by Boko Haram. Thankfully, there is absolutely no divide between Republicans or Democrats, and really the world. The world is speaking out.  This is absolutely outrageous, but it is part of a trend and a surge that is happening in many parts of the world, including in Africa. Al-Shabaab in Somalia. We know the terrible killing spree that went on in Kenya, in Nairobi, not so long ago. Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. Ansar-al-Dine and Mujao in Mali. And then, of course, Seleka in the Central African Republic. And then, of course, Boko Haram.  Number nine of the whereas be it resolved ``calls on the President to provide Congress a comprehensive strategy to counter the growing threat posed by radical Islamist terrorist groups in West Africa, the Sahel, and North Africa.''  They are bad, Mr. Speaker, and they are getting worse. Many of us have been calling in a bipartisan way for years that Boko Haram be designated a foreign terrorist organization, and it was belated. It took years to designate this organization, this cruel, insensitive, and murderous organization. Thankfully, at least now everyone gets it, but unfortunately there are many, many victims who are suffering.  The war on terrorism, Mr. Speaker, remains largely unfinished. My hope is that this resolution and the commitment of the U.S. Government, the French, and the European allies, and frankly people around the world, even the Chinese know because they were recently hit as well, will understand that Boko Haram has to be stopped. All means necessary have to be employed to mitigate--no, not mitigate--destroy this threat to children, to women.  Let's not forget: here is a group that targets schools, literally abducts children, kills the men, the boys, and abducts the young girls. Just in May and April they conducted the worst attack on bus stations throughout Abuja. The worst hit. It barely made the papers, Mr. Speaker.  Boko Haram is a murderous organization, and it is about time we all did our part to ensure that they end their rein of terror.  I yield back the balance of my time.  