Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. I want to thank Virginia Foxx for her extraordinary leadership on behalf of the weakest and the most vulnerable among us.  Madam Speaker, because abortion dismembers, decapitates, or chemically poisons an unborn child to death, Americans have consistently demanded that public funds not pay for abortion.  I would note parenthetically--and we just saw this last week--since 1973, some 56 million babies, unborn babies, have been killed by abortion, a number, a death toll that equates with the entire population of England.  Madam Speaker, a huge majority--well over 60 percent according to the most polls--show that women and men in this country don't want to be complicit in abortion by subsidizing it. A December 2009 Quinnipiac poll found that 72 percent opposed allowing abortion to be paid for by public funds under health care reform.  Another poll asked: If the choice were up to you, would you want your own insurance policy to include abortion? Sixty-nine percent of women said no.  Madam Speaker, this is because an ever-growing number of people recognize that abortion isn't health care; it kills babies and it hurts women.  We live in an age of ultrasound imaging: the ultimate window to the womb and the child who resides there. We are in the midst of a fetal health revolution, an explosion of benign life-affirming interventions designed to diagnose, treat, and cure the precious lives of these youngest patients. Abortion is the antithesis of health care.  H.R. 7 will help save lives and it will reduce abortions. The Judiciary Committee report accompanying H.R. 7 notes that the high demand has saved over 1 million children, and the number is probably far larger because one in four women who would have had procured an abortion don't go through with it if public funding isn't available.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 7 seeks to accomplish three goals:  One, make the Hyde amendment and other current abortion funding prohibition permanent;  Two, ensure that the Affordable Care Act faithfully conforms with the Hyde amendment, as promised by the President;  And three, provide full disclosure, transparency, and the prominent display of the extent to which any health care insurance plan on the exchange funds abortion.  Madam Speaker, in the runup to passage of the Affordable Care Act, America was repeatedly assured by President Obama himself, including in a speech to a joint session of Congress in September of 2009, that: ``Under our plan, no Federal dollars will be used to fund abortion.''  On March 24, 2010, President Obama issued an executive order that said the Affordable Care Act ``maintains current Hyde amendment restrictions governing abortion policy and extends those restrictions to newly created health insurance exchanges.'' Nothing could have been clearer. That seemed to be ironclad.  As far as my colleagues will recall, the Hyde amendment has two principles: it not only prohibits direct funding for abortion, but also bans funding for insurance plans that include abortion, except in cases of rape, incest, or to save the life of the mother.  We now know that the Hyde amendment principles have not been extended to the newly created health insurance exchanges. H.R. 7 seeks to correct that.  Under the Affordable Care Act, Madam Speaker, massive amounts of public funds in the form of tax credits are today paying for, and will soon pay for, insurance plans that include elective abortion. That violates the Hyde amendment and that violates the President's solemn promise.  As we all know, the new law is poised to give billions of dollars--they call them tax credits--directly to insurance companies on behalf of people who purchase health insurance. The Congressional Budget Office counts the cost of these so-called tax credits under the ACA as either direct spending or revenue reductions. Direct spending involves funds taken from where? The Treasury, to subsidize health insurance coverage. According to the CBO, the ACA premium assistance credits will cost the Federal Government $796 billion over 10 years.  Absent repeal or reform of the law, taxpayers will then be forced to foot the bill for abortion. Again, an overwhelming percentage of the people have consistently polled they don't want to be complicit in the taking of human life.  