Mr. Speaker, Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engle, thank you for introducing this important legislation H.R. 2548, the Electrify Africa Act, which my subcommittee Ranking Member Karen Bass and I have joined you in sponsoring. We acknowledge the importance of this legislation, and we hope our colleagues share our enthusiasm for what this bill can accomplish.  Congress' interest in Africa is not only longstanding, but also varied. Some of focus on development, and some are more interested in trade. Others are keen to meet the humanitarian needs of the continent, while still others believe education is the key to Africa's future success. All of those elements are important, but none of them can be accomplished fully without electricity, which is in far too short a supply throughout Africa.  In Africa's largest cities, there are plenty of lights, and in Lagos, Accra, Nairobi, Dakar, Johannesburg, Addis Ababa or Lusaka the modern way of life is thriving--day or night. Unfortunately, in many other cities, electricity is fleeting, and in too many rural areas it is simply scarce. Generators provide the power by which many companies are forced to do business, and in many homes, generators are needed to ensure that modern activities can continue when the government-provided power flickers out. This is so expensive that many Africans are forced to rely on more basic means of providing light once night approaches, but in the 21st century, the people of Africa must not be dependent on the sun or candles and lanterns to deliver their light. Certainly, these means cannot power their cell phones, televisions or other technology on which today's societies thrive.  We all want Africa to join in the development the rest of the world enjoys, yet that is not possible without a steady source of energy. Manufacturing is only a notion without the power to move assembly lines andproduce goods. Vaccines and other medicines will last only so long without refrigeration, and that requires steady electrical power. A student studying by candlelight or by the light of a lantern is a quaint notion that can no longer be the reality of young Africans striving to build a better life.  H.R. 2548 will improve access to affordable, reliable electricity in sub-Saharan Africa, where more than two-thirds of Africans lack access to electricity. This bill does not provide electricity as a gift; it facilitates cooperation between our government and African governments in finding the most efficient and effective means of establishing electric power for their citizens. By requiring our Administration to create a comprehensive multiyear strategy, H.R. 2548 ensures that there is a mutually agreeable plan that can be implemented by future Administrations and Congresses in collaboration with willing African partners. This bill also calls on U.S. representatives to international institutions to leverage other international support for providing electricity to Africa.  I call on my colleagues to join with us in voting for H.R. 2548. In doing so, we will not only provide power for Africa, but we also will energize our dreams for Africa's current and future development.  