Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4028 introduced by my good friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Meng), which adds desecration of cemeteries as a violation of religious freedom identified in the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998.  Sadly, such an addition is necessary because we have seen repeated acts of desecration of cemeteries occurring throughout the world, especially in Europe, but also in the United States, including my own State of New Jersey.  Jewish cemeteries seem to be a particular target of desecration. By some counts, attacks on Jewish cemeteries have been on the rise over the last several years. We have tried to document that again and again in our work at the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly and the Organization for Security Cooperation itself.  A number of Jewish organizations as well have come forward with extraordinarily demoralizing numbers of cemeteries, as well as synagogues that have been attacked, as there is a rising tide of anti-Semitism.  I chaired a hearing on May 22 on the International Religious Freedom Act with a focus on the Commission on Religious Freedom, and one of the things that was brought forward in vivid detail has been the lack of enforcement and the lack of due diligence on the part of the administration when it comes to the International Religious Freedom Act. Not since 2011 has there been a designation of what we call country of particular concern, CPC status, or the dishonorable status that it conveys ought to be done every year.  Congressman Frank Wolf, the author of IRFA, the International Religious Freedom Act, made it very clear it is law, and I would point out for the record that I chaired all of the hearings in the House as that bill was working its way through the House. We have had, I believe, a dereliction of duty on the part of the administration to do what it has to do under IRFA.  There has been no designation since 2011. The commission pointed out that there are eight countries that ought to be so designated, followed by eight others, including Vietnam, that needed to be added to the list, making a total of 16 countries that are then liable to sanctions, the 18 or so sanctions that are prescribed in the legislation, again, authored by Mr. Wolf.  I am so glad Ms. Meng is adding this to the list, but the list itself and all of the other violations need to be taken seriously by the administration. Hope springs eternal. I hope they do it sooner rather than later--like today--but I won't hold my breath.  I say this because it is a very, very serious issue, and that was brought forward at our hearing just the other day.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, there are other groups, including the Ahmadi religious minority in Pakistan. We heard testimony on May 22 about how their gravestones are being violated as well.  By far, Jewish people have their cemeteries desecrated and others as well, and it is a terrible and despicable act of violence against individuals and religious freedom.  