Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 754, condemning the government of Iran for its gross human rights violations, authored by my good friend and colleague, Chairman Ed Royce of California.  I want to thank him, especially on the eve of the November 24 deadline for the Iranian-U.S. talks on nuclear, as it is very important to have this discussion on the floor of the House, so your timing as well as the substance is deeply appreciated by all, especially the victims of Iran.  Ironically, Iran wants the world to lift sanctions and trust them with nuclear capabilities, despite ongoing reckless and violent disregard for even the most basic of human rights of its own citizens, as well as U.S. citizens.  U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in Iran, Dr. Ahmed Shaheed, noted in a March 2014 statement that hundreds of individuals remain in some form of confinement for exercising their basic rights, including 179 Baha'i, 97 Sunni Muslims, 49 Christians, and 14 Dervish Muslims.  Mr. Speaker, it has now been nearly 2\1/2\ years since American pastor Saeed Abedini has seen or hugged his children, Rebecca and Jacob, or his wife, Naghmeh; and she has been a tireless advocate on his behalf. She was back here yesterday on Capitol Hill, pleading for her husband.  Members will recall that Pastor Abedini was arrested in Iran in September of 2012. He was in Iran to help orphans. Orphans. He was arrested while he was there, and he was there with the full knowledge and consent of the Iranian Government.  I have chaired two congressional hearings on Saeed Abedini. His wife testified at both, and to hear this noble, brave, and loving wife present her husband's case brings tears to your eyes.  She testified at a hearing that Frank Wolf had chaired previous to the two that I had, and you could heard a pin drop when she told her story and told about the agony that both she and her family--especially her two young children--experience, knowing that their father has now been given an 8-year sentence and has been subjected to torture of many, many kinds.  We are also concerned about Robert Levinson, a retired agent of the FBI. His daughter lives in my district. That family is in utter agony. He got 7 years.  Amir Hekmati, a 31-year-old retired U.S. Marine, disappeared while visiting his grandmother in Iran in 2011. He got 10 years.  Now, recently, Jason Rezaian, a Washington Post reporter, has disappeared.  Mr. Speaker, this resolution sends a clear message to the Iranians and to the world that we care about human rights, but I would also ask that the President of the United States invite to the White House the family members of these Americans unjustly held captive in Iran and to ask, petition, push for, and link to our negotiations the release of these Americans and for a fuller expression of human rights in Iran.  I thank Chairman Royce for yielding the time.  