President, I come to the floor to speak with regard to election reform, democracy, and unfortunately partisanship, and most importantly, the first amendment.  There is a threat to the Constitution on the floor of the Senate today. It is called the DISCLOSE Act. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.  The DISCLOSE Act, an Orwellian oxymoron if there ever was one, contradicts the Supreme Court's January decision in Citizens United. It is essential to put the decision in context and shed sunlight on this dangerous bill.  First, I applaud the Court's ruling. It reaffirms the right to freedom of speech. This is precisely the Court's role in our government system of checks and balances: to rein in Congress when legislation does not square with our founding principles. Let us remember the 10 words in the first amendment that are most relevant for this debate:       Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of      speech.  However, some of my colleagues across the aisle have mischaracterized the Citizens United decision as undoing 100 years of law and precedent. This is a reference to the Tillman Act of 1907 that prohibits corporations from directly financing political campaigns. This was not affected by the Court's ruling. The Supreme Court did rule, however, against provisions of the so-called Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 that barred corporations and unions from running political ads 30 days before a primary and 60 days before a general election. Corporations and unions cannot donate directly to a Federal candidate and, contrary to the claim of DISCLOSE Act supporters, it is already illegal for foreign entities to participate in American elections.  Unfortunately, the sponsors of the DISCLOSE Act have chosen partisan fiction over fact in their effort to override the Court. The DISCLOSE Act is anything but full and fair campaign disclosure. It is politically skewed, motivated by a majority desperate to continue to be a majority.  The DISCLOSE Act is loaded with handouts to the most monied of Washington special interests, including the National Rifle Association and the Sierra Club. They didn't want tape put on their mouths. Others doubtlessly were standing in line saying: Don't muzzle me, you can simply muzzle the other guy behind the tree.  I challenge anyone who comes to the floor to preach the virtues of this bill to explain, with a straight face, the carefully tailored exemptions from disclosure included in title III. Moreover, despite a clever rewording of the House-passed version, the Senate bill retains carve-outs for labor unions by exempting donations under $600 under title II, section 211. This figure is conveniently below the average union dues. So for 600 bucks you have free speech. If it is over $600, you don't.  Supporters of the DISCLOSE Act claim it is necessary to keep a flood of money out of politics, but carve-outs for special interests say otherwise. On June 24, the National Journal's Congress Daily reported that environmental, labor, and other groups--many of which specifically benefit from title II and title III exemptions--announced they would spend $11 million to either reward or admonish Senators in both parties for their positions in regard to climate change legislation.  Another example is the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees. The Hill newspaper reported on June 21 that this union, exempt under the bill, had ponied up $75,000 for ads in Maine to pressure Senators Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins to support a taxpayer-funded bailout for unions.  These facts present an inconvenient truth for the sponsors of the DISCLOSE Act. It flies in the face of our democracy for the majority to ration the right of free speech to one set of Americans at the expense of others.  In May, it was reported in the press that sponsors of this bill boasted that its deterrent effect should not be underestimated. Americans do not, and never have found it appropriate for government to shut down any political dissent.  The DISCLOSE Act abandons the longstanding practice of treating corporations and unions equally. But even if title II and title III exemptions were removed, the bill is still unworkable. On May 19, writing in the Wall Street Journal, over half a dozen former FEC Commissioners noted that the FEC has regulations for 33 types of contributions and speech and 71 different types of speakers. The DISCLOSE Act adds to this complexity with another layer of Byzantine requirements that raise serious concerns about whether the law can be enforced consistent with the first amendment. We do not need any more regulations to the first amendment.  If anyone doubts this bill is motivated by politics, they need to look no further than a June 22 letter sent by the bill's Senate sponsor and the Senate majority leader to Members of the House in which they pledge to bring the measure to the floor in advance of the fall elections. Why the rush? In so doing, the majority has again used rule XIV to bypass the Senate Rules Committee--a committee upon which I serve--in order to expedite the DISCLOSE Act's passage.  Unfortunately, it is becoming all too common for the majority to circumvent regular order, stifle the minority, and force unwanted legislation on the people by filling the amendment tree, misusing rule XIV, and ping-ponging legislation between the Houses. I am tired of Ping-Pong. Give me table tennis. Give me a paddle. Give me five serves, and then I will let Senator Schumer have five serves, and we can go back and forth as we should in regard to amendments in the Rules Committee, where this debate ought tobe held. Senator Cardin said: Let us have a debate. I am for that. And let's put it in the Rules Committee, where it should be debated first.  To review, the Citizens United decision does not upend a hundred years of law and precedent. The DISCLOSE Act has intentional loopholes in title II and title III to keep special interest dollars on behalf of the majority flowing, and the rest of the bill is a confusing set of redundant regulations. The bill's sponsors are rushing this legislation to the floor without consideration by the Rules Committee--again, here we go; that is what happened with health care; that is what happened with the Dodd-Frank bill--in order to protect the incumbent majority before the fall elections.  Under the first amendment, the American people have a right to speak out against policies and legislators who kill jobs, curb growth, and expand the government at the expense of the private sector--and now a proposed tax increase. These policies hurt millions and millions of Americans employed in the private sector and millions more looking for work during a recession. They must be protected under the first amendment. The people have a right to be heard.  Mr. President, I yield back.  