 Over the past 2 years, Americans have seen an unprecedented government reach into the private sector, some of which may be necessary. They are angry about it, as they should be.  For many, the overreach of government began with the bank bailout or TARP. The $700 billion TARP that I opposed was passed in the fall of 2008 when every day we awoke to see a new financial crisis headlining the front page.  TARP was initially intended to purchase troubled assets and get them off the books of the troubled banks. Yet, over time, the program evolved into a fund--some would call it a slush fund--to include bailouts for the auto industry and the housing market. The term ``bailout'' will never be the same again.  I think the American people are right to demand that they are never again put on the hook to bail out a failed company. They are right to demand that those who got us into the financial mess not be allowed to do so again. Unfortunately, the financial regulatory reform bill that the Senate is set to take up and debate does not achieve these goals.  I know both sides are now involved in discussions, and the next 48 hours are going to be absolutely crucial to determine if, in fact, we can get a bipartisan bill. But with any business, if it is mismanaged, if its leaders make poor decisions, the business should be allowed to fail. Success and failure have, until recently, been the cornerstone of what has made our economy one of the strongest in the world. The bailouts of financial and auto companies have turned that philosophy on its head. I think it is a dangerous road to go down. We need to set a new course. It is what the American people want.  This bill does not end bailouts. Instead, it allows some of the largest financial institutions to contribute to a bailout fund, to be used if a company were again to fail.  Well, this does nothing to deter companies from taking risks that could lead to failure and the need for a future bailout. In fact, it sends a signal that the government will bail out institutions, just as it bailed out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the two troubled mortgage giants that have received $125.9 billion, might as well make it $126 billion, in direct government funding and now have an unlimited U.S. credit line.  Yet there is no mention, no mention, of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac in this bill. Failure to deal with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac keeps taxpayers on the hook for more bailouts of these entities.  The bill also allows the FDIC and the Federal Reserve to come to the aid of failing financial firms, which means that financial markets will be fully aware of the government's authority and inclination to prop up large failed financial institutions.  The very existence of this authority undercuts the claim that the government will actually ever wind up with such firms. Those firms, along with their creditors and shareholders, will take more risks and, yes, put the financial system into even greater danger.  There has also been much attention paid to the creation of something called a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, BCFP. I would hate to try to pronounce that acronym.  This sounds like a good idea at first. We all want, everyone in this Senate wants, to ensure strong consumer financial protection. That is not the issue. Yet, rather than working with regulators to strengthen existing consumer protection rules and crack down on unfair deceptive and abusive practices, this provision adds another layer of bureaucracy and financial regulation that will ultimately be harmful for consumers, and I mean all consumers, by raising their costs for financial products, and eliminating the types of financial products and services that are available to choose from.  Not only that, this bill increases the regulatory burden for banks, including our community banks, that are already subject to 1,700 pages of regulations in the consumer area alone. Under this bill, our community banks would have to comply with an additional 27 new or expanded regulations, including new burdens on small business loans. No telling how many pages these new regulations will add or how much they will increase the cost of lending to small business. Finally, this bill harms the very innovation and entrepreneurship that has made our country so successful and created one of the strongest economies in the world. It does this by limiting the ability of small startup companies to raise seed capital. Currently, angel investors--that is quite a name--but angel investors, those higher income individuals who wish to invest in a promising startup company, to take the risk, must have a net worth of at least $1 million or income of $250,000.  This bill increases those requirements to $2.3 million and $450,000, respectively. Estimates are that this provision, along with a provision in the bill that would subject startups and investors to 50 different sets of State regulations, would disqualify about 77 percent of current investors.  In 2007, these individuals invested $26 billion in more than 57,000 ventures across the country. We are talking about companies such as Amazon, Google, Facebook. All benefitted from angel investors. Yet this bill makes it harder for promising young companies to get the capital they need to get started to grow and become successful.  At a time when the unemployment rate is 9.7 percent, I think the last thing Congress should do is to make it more difficult for small businesses to start up and be successful. Small businesses are, as the President has acknowledged, the leading job creators in the country.  Everyone--everyone--all of us agree we need better regulation of our financial system. However, the financial regulatory reform bill that came out of the Banking Committee does not achieve that goal. I dearly hope the chairman of the committee and the ranking member can reach some accommodation to produce a better product.  It does not address the problems, as written, that led to the financial turmoil but, instead, imposes additional regulatory burdens on our community banks and financial institutions that did not contribute to that turmoil.  It does not discourage risk taking by large financial institutions. It does nothing--nothing--to address Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, which had a central role in the collapse of the housing markets that helped trigger the financial crisis.  It does not ensure that taxpayers never again have to bail out a failed company. However, it does increase the Federal bureaucracy and make it more difficult and costly for consumers to obtain credit for their families and small businesses.  This approach will not benefit consumers or community banks or our economy. We need to work to improve this bill. It is vital for our economy we get it right when addressing financial regulatory reform because the consequences will be seen for years--for years--to come.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Gillibrand). The Senator from Connecticut.  