 First, I thank the distinguished leader and the doc from Wyoming, who is always bringing forward new and important information about the health care bill and some of the problems that we are experiencing with it, for allowing me to join in this colloquy.  We are talking about President Obama's nominee to be administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Service--CMS is the acronym. Rest assured, every health care provider in America knows about CMS, and the nominee is Dr. Donald Berwick. I just met with Dr. Berwick and had an opportunity to hear some of his thoughts on the direction he thinks American health care, and particularly Medicare and Medicaid, should take.  He is a very affable, friendly doctor from Connecticut. He has a wide background in terms of health care. I have also been reading up on Dr. Berwick, who has a prolific record of statements and speeches and books that further lay out his ideas for the future of health care. I recommend everyone within the health care industry and every health care consumer get hold of these speeches and these statements and, if possible books and read them.  Here is what I have learned. Dr. Berwick, I would tell the distinguished Republican leader, is a huge fan, a major champion, and a contributor to the British national health care system called NHS. As a matter of fact, I have a quote of Dr. Berwick regarding the NHS.       I am romantic about the National Health Service; I love it.      The NHS is not just a national treasure; it is a global      treasure.  Well, I understand that people become very passionate about their jobs, but romantic seems to me a little unique, but we will let that go.  Now, why is this important? Because the NHS rations health care. The NHS denies and delays patient access to therapies in regard to breast cancer, Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis, kidney cancer, macular degeneration--this happens to be my favorite example: patients required to go blind in one eye first before they get treatment for the other eye--and brain tumors. A patient group coalition called the group that rations health care in Great Britain unfair and unacceptable.  The quote by Dr. Berwick is:       The decision is not whether or not we will ration health      care--the decision is whether we will ration with our eyes      open.  Consequently, I think the good Senator from Wyoming has something to say about that in regard to rationing health care and the British system.  