I remember when I first came to the Senate, he had, for lack of a better word, a lecture or maybe a sermon to us all about the comity of the Senate and why the Senate is different from the House. The standard example is that the House is where we pour a hot cup of coffee, and then it cools off in the Senate when we put the coffee in the saucer. And that is what we are supposed to do to protect the minority. Here is what Senator Byrd said in one of his last speeches before the Rules Committee before we lost Bob. His knowledge and love for this body were unmatched. He actually wrote the history of the Senate. He said he opposed cloture by a simple majority because ``it would immediately destroy the uniqueness of this institution. The Senate is the only place in government where the rights of a numerical minority are so protected. A minority can be right and minority views can certainly improve legislation.''  Obviously, if we go down another road--and we have--I just heard the majority leader indicate this side of the aisle is guilty of obstructionism. I guess it is in the eye of the beholder.  I might remind my friend from Arizona that the bumper sticker for the distinguished State of New Hampshire is ``Live Free or Die.'' I hope we live free, and I would hope that the distinguished Senator from New Hampshire would not take that literally, given the comments by the Senator from Arizona.  I came into public service in 1980, with my dear friend from New Hampshire. Other than some rather obstreperous incidents in regard to basketball, we have enjoyed a very good relationship. But there isn't anybody here who understands the budget process and how minority rights should be protected and how we should proceed other than Judd Gregg. He has done an outstanding job. I know that once he leaves the Senate, he will be called upon to help us get out of this tremendous debt problem and to face the entitlements square-on.  Facts are stubborn things. I am not trying to put these facts on any individual. As the distinguished Senator from Tennessee has pointed out, what this really is about is the consent of the governed. That is what Madison was really interested in when he wrote about the Constitution. We want a strong Executive and certainly a House and a Senate to be responsive, but it is to protect the consent of the governed. The governed, as everybody knows, is extremely upset. It is because their voice is not heard. Why is their voice not heard?  In the 110th Congress in the House of Representatives, only 1 percent of the bills were brought to the floor with open amendment rules--1 percent. Ninety-nine percent of the bills reached the Senate from the House with little or no input from the minority. As of March of 2010, the House was on track to shatter its record for closed amendment rules in the 111th Congress. That is the House.  I spent 16 years in the House. I can remember very well one particular incident where there was a real controversy over a seat in Indiana. The secretary of state of Indiana declared the winner. It came back to the House Administration Committee, went back out to Indiana, recounted. When the Democrat went ahead, they called it closed, and that was it. We walked out. We said the comity of the House had been destroyed.  We are close here in the Senate. In the 110th Congress, cloture was filed 133 times, 98 of which were filed the moment the question was raised on the floor. If that isn't obstructionism, I don't know what is. Over the last 22 years, the majority leader has filled the tree roughly three times per Congress on average. However, from January 2007 to April of 2010, the majority leader filled the tree 26 times. That is a 300-percent increase in filling the tree for the 110th and 111th Congress. These numbers do not reflect the additional times this has taken place in the 5 months since the numbers were submitted to the Rules Committee, including today, with DOD authorization. From the 103rd to the 109th Congress, rule XIV to bypass the committee was used on average 24 times per Congress. This was shattered in the 110th Congress when it was used 57 times. I go over these facts to show that in regard to the definition of obstructionism, it goes both ways. That is the rest of the story.  A little bit later, if the distinguished Senator from Tennessee has time, I would like to go over this sense-of-the-Senate resolution or legislation to be introduced by the junior Senator from New Mexico declaring the rules of the Senate unconstitutional in order to rewrite the rules to favor a simple majority to pass legislation. I would like to have a discussion with him at a future time.  I know the distinguished Senator from Utah has something to say as well.  