Berwick, as an example for rationing, for practicing health care cost containment. It is another thing to do it by age, which is happening. But it is rationing by region, which the leader has pointed out and Dr. Barrasso has pointed out, that should strike fear in the hearts of any person living in any rural area in the country. His tenet for modernizing the American health system is reducing what he calls ``the oversupply of inventory.'' That is how he defines it. Dr. Berwick's oversupply of inventory is, in truth, the rural patients' lifeline.  I know Dr. Barrasso understands that.  As the leader has said, in Kentucky--well, in Kansas, demanding a patient in Kansas drive 200 or 300 miles to Wichita or Kansas City or Denver so their infant can get proper care is ridiculous. I can foresee a time when the rural health care system will consist of a bandaid and a bed pan.  Dr. Berwick is the perfect nominee for a President whose aim has always been to save money by rationing health care.  I would like to add, at this particular time, in addition to the rationing the good doctor talked about, the national health system in Great Britain utilizes an end-of-life pathway to death; an end-of-life pathway to death--that is a shocking description--that many British doctors say leads to premature death in patients who could have otherwise recovered.  To say that is noteworthy is unjust. It is egregious. Dr. Berwick's ideas on end-of-life care seem to mirror this death pathway. The quote is: ``Most people who have serious pain do not need advanced methods; they just need the morphine and the counseling that have been around for centuries.''  This is a rather stunning statement, it seems to me. But it is very similar to President Obama's remarks about the elderly approaching the end of their life. The President has said that as you get older, ``maybe you're better off not having the surgery, but taking the shots and the pain killer.''  The only thing missing in that is the walker.  Consequently, he has also remarked that ``the chronically ill and those towards the end of their life are accounting for 80 percent of the total health care bill out here.'' We know that. ``[T]here is going to have to be a very difficult democratic conversation that takes place.'' That is the end of the quote by the President.  It sounds like this ``difficult democratic conversation'' has already happened in the United Kingdom and that their pathway-to-death solution mirrors Dr. Berwick's and President Obama's ideas exactly.  But age rationing, as has been indicated, is not the only way to do it, as the leader has pointed out. We have regional discrimination as well.  