President, it is my understanding that we have reached an understanding that this amendment will be a side-by-side amendment to the amendment offered by Senator Cardin. So at the time it would be considered we would have the vote.  Mr. President, included in the $\1/2\ trillion of new taxes in the health care reform law is a tax hike of $20 billion on medical devices. That is right. This new law imposes a $20 billion excise tax, a tax of 2.3 percent, on lifesaving medical devices.  The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation both confirmed that these excise taxes will not be borne by the medical device industry--will not be borne by the medical device industry. Instead, the tax will be passed on to patients in the form of higher prices and higher insurance premiums.  Recognizing that this tax, as initially proposed, was unpopular--because as written it would have increased taxes on medical devices such as eyeglasses and hearing aids--the bill was modified to exclude these and other items that are generally purchased by the general public at retail for individual use.  Yet even with these exemptions, patients still bear the burden of this new tax. Here are just a few examples of the people who will be hit by this new tax and the types of devices that will be taxed. People with disabilities, diabetics, amputees, people with cancer, and those with heart problems are just some of the people who will see their health care costs go up because of this tax.  During debate on the health care bill, I offered amendments to simply strike this unfair tax. Unfortunately, the majority did not approve these amendments. My amendment today prevents this new tax from raising the costs for pediatric medical devices--those devices that treat the youngest in our population: children who have serious or life-threatening illnesses such as cancer or a heart problem. The amendment exempts from the excise tax medical devices primarily designed to be used by or for pediatric patients.  This tax on medical devices is a tax on innovation as well. It harms research and development that leads to medical advancement. It creates an additional burden for medical device manufacturers to develop new products or to redesign them to meet the specific needs of pediatric patients.  As the FDA notes on its Web site:       Designing pediatric medical devices can be challenging:      [Obviously] children are often smaller and more active than      adults, body structures and functions change throughout      childhood, and children may be long-term device users.  With these challenges and other barriers that exist to the development, approval, and availability of pediatric devices, it seems to me--and I think it should be clear to everyone, all of my colleagues--we should not add another barrier by taxing medical device manufacturers who develop and manufacture pediatric devices. Imposing the excise tax on pediatric medical devices will do nothing but slow innovation for these necessary and lifesaving devices.  So when innovative and lifesaving technologies are taxed, when the cost of many tests increases because the devices used in the tests are taxed, when new devices are not developed, and when fewer manufacturers are able to survive in the anticompetitive environment this tax will create, the consumers of health care will suffer for it.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to exempt pediatric medical devices from the excise tax to ensure that the youngest patients who need the lifesaving treatment these devices can offer do not have to pay more for that treatment. This is a step in the right direction to correcting the serious flaws in the health care law.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  