Is it fair to characterize these attempts by the majority to change the rules--and that is what they want to do; I think it is a sense-of-the-Senate resolution in the Rules Committee--to continue favoring them, even if their majority narrows after November, in the lameduck or what I call the Daffy Duck, the lameduck now, you could characterize that as an ``arrogance of power.'' Those are pretty tough words, but that is the exact term used by then-Senator Biden in 2005 to describe a similar attempt to rewrite the rules to favor the majority at that time. So what goes around comes around.  Does the Senator from Tennessee find it as disconcerting as I do that the junior Senator from New Mexico has introduced a resolution declaring the rules of the Senate ``unconstitutional'' in order to rewrite the rules to favor a slimmer majority, i.e., one, one free throw. That is it.  Does any majority last forever? The answer to that is no. What goes around comes around. If the interpretation of the Constitution and the Senate rules of the junior Senator from New Mexico is accepted, I say to my friend from Tennessee, what is to prevent any majority of either party from rewriting the rules of the Senate whenever it suits them? Would such a practice not negate the whole point of having rules in the continuing body that is the Senate? Would this practice not make the Senate nearly identical to the House, where majority takes everything? Would this not neutralize the express purpose of the Senate to act as a check on the House and be directly 180 degrees opposed to what Senator Byrd was warning us about in regard to his last testimony before the Rules Committee in this distinguished body?  Again, my friend from Tennessee has hit the nail right on the head. We have a lot of challenges around here. People say ``problems'' or ``crises.'' We have a lot of challenges. The only way you meet a challenge is to work together and to represent the consent of the governed. What we have here now is we do not have the consent of the governed. We do not have the opportunity.  I remember in the health care debate staying up until the wee hours of the morning in the HELP Committee, the Finance Committee. I did not get behind closed doors to write the bill that was actually written, but I had 11 amendments on rationing. All of them were defeated on a party-line vote. Trying to be a little clever by half, I introduced a Democratic amendment, one of Senator Schumer's amendments. It was defeated on a party-line vote. They did not even recognize it was Senator Schumer's--all on rationing.  One of the biggest controversial items you hear about throughout the country in regard to the health care debate is the rationing of health care, which is going on right now. There was no consent of the governed. It was ``our way or no way.'' It did not have a chance. That is the biggest issue we face, and it seems to me it really reflects on this body and how we treat each other and, more importantly, how we treat the American people and whywe have such a fuss out there in the hinterlands.  I thank the distinguished Senator for taking this time. I think it is very valuable time. I hope we can lower the debate a little bit--a whole lot--and work together, as he has indicated, to meet the challenges we have before the country.  