President, I have just returned from the interment services for our colleague and our friend, the Senator from Alaska, Ted Stevens.  I must say it should be pointed out that our Chaplain, Chaplain Black, gave a marvelous eulogy during the graveside services that was poignant, elegant, and I know in regard to helping the family with solace and poignancy, he had no equal. He simply was absolutely marvelous. He described Ted Stevens as a ``force of nature''--which I think was a rather appropriate description, depending on your description of a force of nature--and as a person who always made him laugh. Well, it is difficult to try to figure out how to eulogize a person of Ted's stature, someone who has done so many different things. So you have to sort of segment, it seems to me, your own personal relationship with Ted and do the best you can to grasp this unusual man and describe him.  I was a Member of the House when I first met Ted Stevens. It was at a Republican retreat years ago. In expressing his opinion, he was obstreperous, if not outrageous, regardless of any other person's point of view. To say he was both unique and memorable is an understatement--a force of nature, indeed, perhaps a wandering tornado, if you will, with a poststorm rainbow of ideas.  I came to the Senate back in 1996. It didn't take long for Ted Stevens to burst into my--up to that point--relatively routine senatorial life. He jabbed his finger on my chest and said, ``I know who you are.'' I responded, ``Well, I sure as hell know who you are.'' He said, ``You allegedly know something about agriculture.'' I said, ``Well, thank you,'' and he interrupted and said, ``You serve on Armed Services and Intelligence?'' I said, ``That's right.'' He said, ``How would you like to go to the Russian Far East with me and Danny and some others?''  I thought to myself, Why on Earth would I want to go to the Russian Far East?  He said, ``We are going to Khabarovsk, and then we are going to Vladivostok.'' But that's out there where the Cossacks went over the steppes of Russia. ``Then we are going to meet with the admiral of the Russian navy, and Vladivostok is closer to Alaska than to Moscow. I know him,'' said Ted. ``Then we are going to go to South Korea to indicate our strong support. But then we are going to be the first delegation allowed into North Korea, Pyongyang.''  Well, that got my attention. He said, ``That is why I need to have you come along, because if we can arrange a third-party grain sale, there are things that we can do in North Korea to at least establish a relationship.''  I thought, what a unique idea, using agriculture as a tool for peace, if you will--or at least a fulcrum to change the relationship with North Korea. I said, ``Well, sure, I will sign up.''  That began a personal and meaningful relationship with Ted and Catherine and their family with Franki and our family that lasted during the duration of my career in the Senate until his untimely death weeks ago.  He said, ``I understand that you are a newspaper guy.'' I said, ``Yes, and?'' He said, ``You could be the scribe in regard to our CODEL.'' I might add that any CODEL you went on with Ted Stevens, you always had a T-shirt afterward saying: ``I survived CODEL Stevens.'' You could--and I did--end up at the South Pole. So I was known as the Stevens CODEL scribe.  In any case, we went to Khabarovsk and Vladivostok. We talked to that admiral, who felt closer to Ted Stevens than he did his own Russian Government, and we went to Sakhalin Island. Ted was trying to work out some kind of arrangement where American oil companies could explore and develop the tremendous oil reserves there and have a contract that meant something with Russia. It was there that Flying Tiger Ted learned about saber-toothed tigers that were allegedly actually still alive in that part of the world. It is a wonder he didn't schedule a hunting trip.  Then we went to South Korea and eventually into North Korea, and it was the first delegation allowed into that theocratic time warp. We left everything on the plane. We stayed at an alleged VIP headquarters--no heat, very cold, just North Korean TV with 24/7 military parades and martial music.  That night the discussion had gone on and on and on. We had hoped to meet with Kim Jong Il. That was not possible, so he sent two of his propaganda puppets to meet with us. We had permission from the Treasury to waive certain requirements so that we could arrange for a third-party grain sale to assist North Korea, which goes through a famine every harvesting year. It would have been at least a start.  So you had Ted and Danny Inouye, two World War II veterans, who told the North Korean delegation it was time to make Panmunjon a tourist attraction. Ted finally had it and said, ``Knock off the BS. I know you understand English. Let's get to the bottom line.'' The bottom line was that they could not do anything in terms of policy. They were there to make an intelligence estimate, and it was a lost opportunity at that particular time. The leadership effort by Ted Stevens didn't pan out, but not for the lack of trying.  On another CODEL we landed at 11 and got to the hotel at about midnight. Ted was a great connoisseur of military history and movies. He was a great devotee of the series ``Band of Brothers.'' So we were playing Band of Brothers to staff and to all present. This is at 12:30 at night, going on to 1, 1:30. We had fought and died with episode five; we were going to episode six. I looked around, and all the loyal staff were asleep; all Members were still there and were asleep. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes open. I looked over at the great man, and his eyes were closed. I thought he was asleep, so I got up and started to turn off the television. As I reached for the power button, he said, ``This next part is the best part.'' He was not watching it; he was listening to it because he had seen it at least three times. Well, needless to say, we saw episode six in its entirety. Thank the Lord, we didn't go to episode seven. We would have been there all night.  Some years ago, I was present for the ceremonies in Alaska when Ted was named the ``Alaskan of the Century.'' How on Earth could a sitting Senator,or anybody, get overwhelming citizen support and approval and accolades from his State and be named ``Alaskan of the Century''? Ted did. I was there to allegedly roast him. There was a great crowd. Facts and records are stubborn things. He was and is still today the ``Alaskan of the Century.'' What he did and what he accomplished in the making of our 49th State was simply remarkable. By the way, the Federal Government still has not made good on many promises they made to Ted when he worked so hard and diligently to make Alaska a State.  At any rate, he flew in, during that ceremony, on a World War II plane. He had his combat jacket. He came in with Catherine and they took their places on very posh chairs. I will quote what he said time and time again to the people of Alaska: ``The hell with politics; let's do what's good for Alaska.''  I will add this: The country and our national defense and every man and woman in uniform owe this man a great debt.  When you come to this body and you come to public service, you know you risk your ideas, your thoughts, your hopes, and your dreams before the crowd. Sometimes the crowd says yes, and you have friends who will stand behind you when you are taking the bows. Then perhaps something happens in your life and you suddenly become a lightning rod for accusations; you wonder where your friends are, who will stand beside you when you are taking the boos, not the bows. The lightning rod was fast, furious, and egregious, especially considering the man, his accomplishments, and integrity.  In Washington, when there is crisis and chaos and big-time problems, many are called but few are chosen. When the chips were on the table, we chose Ted. As chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, he headed up the posse that decided the Nation's spending priorities. What a tough job. It was a tough job then, and it is even tougher today. But he did a heck of a job. For, you see, Members of Congress are a lot like someone suffering from the flu, an insatiable appetite on one end and no sense of responsibility on the other.  They said: Ted, Ted, I know we have to meet our budget caps, but this program is really important to me. My program is an investment, not a cost.  Somehow, someway, the chairman has to wade through all of the demands of his colleagues, try to meet the ever changing and growing needs of our Nation at an unprecedented time of economic challenge, and through all of it, then he must fulfill our obligations to guarantee our national security and to the many entitlement programs we are very reluctant to reform in this body and the other body and to which we Americans seem to think we are entitled. It is like herding cats, big cats with saber teeth, just like those up on Sakhalin Island. In the doing of this, Ted Stevens was surrounded by many colleagues good at proposing more spending on existing programs and new programs to boot and those who look at any spending increase with a gleam in their eye and the tools of a stonecutter.  There are few, however, who can measure value, and that is what Ted did. Just at the time he thought he could make both ends meet in behalf of Alaska and our Nation, someone moved the chains. To his critics--and there were many--the old saying ``a penny for your thoughts'' may be a fair evaluation of their contribution. The wheels of progress are seldom turned by cranks, critics, or, in Ted's case, a howling pack of wolves.  Today, both political parties are having trouble looking beyond their ideological fences. Ted Stevens was a bipartisan fence-mender while riding herd on all of the strays. How on Earth did he do this? How did he persevere throughout an ordeal that would have best the best of men?  Abraham Lincoln defined duty in this way:       I do the very best I know how, the very best I can, and I      mean to keep doing so until the end. If the end brings me out      all right, what is said against me will not amount to      anything. If the end brings me out wrong, ten angels swearing      I was right would make no difference.  During Ted's memorial service in his beloved Alaska, Vice President Biden's tribute was truly eloquent, personal, and pertinent. Others spoke with equal meaning. But it was Senator Danny Inouye, his best friend, who brought thousands to their feet at this service, clapping for minutes when he said: ``We all knew he was innocent.'' So did 10 angels and those who knew him best, and I think Ted heard them both.  Thank you, Catherine and Ted's family, for sharing him with us, and, as Vice President Biden said so well, we will not see the likes of him again.  