 So we moved away from a national emergency grant program to one that is probably more dynamic, with more flexibility for the workers--a tax credit for those who are unemployed to continue the insurance they had where they previously worked and were laid off; and even go beyond that, for people to have health insurance even if they did not have health insurance at their previous job before they were laid off.  Democrats objected, claiming that the credit was too small and that sicker people would have trouble buying policies in the individual market. So there was one gripe after another, but we tried to satisfy those gripes to reach a consensus agreement which ended up being the bipartisan centrist-White House program.  Our new proposal then was endorsed by the White House even though the President had suggested another approach. It was endorsed by the White House, the House of Representatives, and by the bipartisan centrist group of this body. That program takes a three-pronged approach to getting health insurance assistance to those dislocated workers who used to have health insurance where they first worked. Now they are unemployed. Now they do not have health insurance. Now they would have health insurance under the White House-centrist bipartisan package, but they would not have it under the Daschle amendment before the Senate.  Our proposal goes further and wider than any proposal on the table to date and gets more help to more people more quickly than any other proposal to date. What is more, it represents a giant leap in spending on health care. It includes over six times as much money for temporary health insurance assistance as our original Republican, and admittedly partisan, proposal.  The House-passed stimulus bill--what the President said he would sign, and the centrist group in the Senate backs--would spend approximately $19 billion on temporary health insurance in the year 2002. And it does it the right way, by using existing programs, along with new ones, designed to get people the help they need quickly.  Now I take a minute to describe our three-pronged approach.  First, the White House-centrist bipartisan proposal provides a refundable, advanceable tax credit to all displaced workers eligible for unemployment insurance, not just those eligible for COBRA. The value of the credit is 60 percent of the premium, instead of the 50 percent in our original proposal. The credit has no cap and is available to individuals for 12 months between the years 2001 and 2003.  Individuals can stay in their employer COBRA coverage or they can choose policies in the individual markets that may better fit their families' needs. This only makes sense because locking people into COBRA, as the Democratic leadership insisted prior to Christmas--and it is not even in their proposal now--forces people to stay with policies that may be too expensive for them to keep, even with a 60-percent subsidy.  Our goal was to give dislocated workers access to all health insurance choices available to them in the private marketplace. We have done that in a responsible way that uses the dynamics of the marketplace rather than the straitjacket of a Government program to deliver the help.  This bipartisan White House-centrist proposal includes major new insurance reforms to protect people who have had employer-sponsored coverage and go out into the private market for the first time after being laid off. It makes the COBRA protections available to people who have had only 12 months of employer-sponsored coverage, rather than 18 months as under current law. By doing this, we greatly expand the group of displaced workers who cannot be turned down for coverage or excluded from any insurance because of preexisting conditions.  The new 12-month standard is especially important for people with chronic conditions who have difficulty obtaining affordable coverage. It is amajor step, and I am surprised that the Democratic leadership does not want to take us up on these sweeping new reforms.  I turn now to the mechanics of the tax credit proposal. It is much easier to implement than the direct subsidy approach that the Democratic leadership has had in some of their proposals. But there is nothing on health insurance in the Democratic amendment before us. They just forget about the needs of the dislocated workers who used to have health insurance who do not have it now because they are unemployed.  While the Democrat proposal requires employers to shoulder the burdens, our proposal relies on existing State unemployment insurance systems. So under this bill, workers will be able to access the credit and begin applying it to their health insurance premiums in a timely way. Let me explain the workings of it.  Newly dislocated workers will receive certificates from their State unemployment offices, or ``one stop'' centers, when they apply for unemployment insurance. You can take care of both needs at one time--unemployment insurance and continue your health insurance from the previous employer. Or if you did not have it there, you can get a certificate to go out and get it for the first time.  So you take those certificates and submit them, along with their contribution to the premium, to their employer or insurer, and move on with insurance. Afterwards, insurers then would submit the certificates to the Treasury Department for reimbursement.  This approach works because it relies on existing systems to deliver new benefits and, as a result, delivers those benefits in a fast and reliable way.  I ask my colleagues, why would anyone insist on a mechanism that just will not deliver the goods to the people who need them? In other words, people who became unemployed yesterday have lost their health insurance, they cannot afford to keep their COBRA up, or maybe they are unemployed from a place that did not even have health insurance and then have to institute some system where they have to wait a long time to get the help. I do not understand the wait.  The second prong of this proposal is $4 billion in enhanced national emergency grants for the States, which can be used to help all workers--not just those eligible for the tax credit--to pay for health insurance. States have flexibility under our approach and can use these grants to enroll their workers in high-risk pools or other State-run plans, or even enroll them in Medicaid if the State decides.  To address concerns raised by Democratic colleagues, our enhanced national emergency grant program requires all States to spend at least 30 percent of their grant money on temporary health insurance assistance. In addition, we have included protections for the States--a minimum grant of at least $5 million for any State that meets the grant criteria.  Finally, the third prong of the proposal responds to Democratic requests by including $4.3 billion for a one-time temporary State health care assistance payment to the States to help bolster their Medicaid Programs.  Just this Monday, I had a State senator from Davenport, IA, speak to me at one of my town meetings about the needs of the States for additional Medicaid funds. I said to her that Governor Vilsack and Republican leaders and Democratic leaders had a conference call with me on that very subject before Christmas. I said we have this $4.3 billion in this White House-centrist bipartisan package that the President will sign, that has passed the House of Representatives.  What you need to do is get Governor Vilsack, I said to our State Senator, who I said I would help, get him to call Senator Daschle and ask this bill to come up, and you will have Iowa's share of this $4.3 billion.  As we know, the Medicaid program is an important safety net for low-income children and families and disabled individuals. Medicaid is a joint Federal and State program that accounts for a large part of State budgets. So in this time of budget constraints due to recession, States are struggling to make ends meet. Iowa is one of those. In fact, I think I read in the newspapers that there are 40 States that have very serious budget problems, and Medicaid is probably the biggest one of those budget problems in almost all of those States.  So as a result of the unique and extraordinary economic situation we now face, we need to help those States rather than having those States scale back Medicaid services, including my own State of Iowa. I think we are going to be scaled back by $18 million. This provision provides a one-time emergency cash injection that will help States avoid Medicaid cutbacks.  This feature was not part of our original plan. I just say that. You might ask: Senator Grassley, why didn't you have it in your original plan? Well, the process of legislation is evolution of a bill. There are very few bills in Congress that are introduced and passed as they are originally introduced. I would not pretend to believe that every bill I introduce is a perfect piece of legislation. This process of negotiation on these, listening both on the Republican side and the Democratic side, is one of improving a piece of legislation, and even after that is done, with new ideas in it, you have to recognize that many of our colleagues have concerns about even this provision. In fact, I share their reservations, and that is why I am emphasizing that this is not simply a garden variety increase in Medicaid funding; this is to meet the temporary emergency payments that result from a downturn in the economy because of the terrorist attacks of September 11 that have not only affected the Federal budget situation but most of our States.  This Nation is calling for a bipartisan compromise. In that spirit, we have agreed to add this proposal on Medicaid to our bill.  We made tremendous steps towards the Democratic position in order to find bipartisan compromise on health care, a compromise on health care that is not even in the Democratic proposal that is before the Senate. I said that what we have included in here our Republicans would vote for, I think, maybe except for two Republicans. And then we have enough Democrats that make up a majority to get this bill passed. But those steps have not been reciprocated by the Democratic leadership.  Displaced workers then deserve to be treated with respect by this body, and I believe those workers have earned a vote on this bill. In other words, the House has passed this bipartisan White House-centrist package. The President has said he would sign it. So if we have a majority vote here, we could pass this, and it would be out of the way. We would be stimulating the economy, and we would be helping dislocated workers.  It is necessary for me now to discuss the individual income tax reductions in the White House-centrist plan and also compare this to the skeletal plan put forth by our distinguished majority leader.  The original House stimulus bill would have accelerated the reduction of the 27 percent rate to 25 percent. That otherwise would not be scheduled to go into effect until the year 2007. The White House-centrist package has adopted this approach.  Here is another thing on the charts that the majority leader used in his speech this morning. He referred to ``rates reduction''--plural, ``rates.'' We have one rate reduction, the 25 percent bracket, or let's say the 27 percent down to 25. We don't change other rates. We do have other tax provisions, the tax rebate for low-income people.  So we have the White House-centrist bipartisan package helping these middle class taxpayers. The skeletal Democrat plan doesn't do this. It does not provide one red cent of tax relief for people who are working for a living, not even one cent of tax relief for working Americans. So let's take a look at who will benefit from our planned rate reduction.  I have some charts I will be referring to. The reduction of the 27 percent rate will benefit singles with taxable income of at least $27,000. I want people to think about this, a single person with income as little as $27,000. Somebody is going to be saying before the day is out that these people are not overtaxed. I would like to have you ask people making $27,000 if they couldn't use a reduction of their income tax from 27 percent down to 25 percent. They would probably laugh at us for suggesting that that is not enough.  We are talking about heads of households that would have income as little as $36,250 and married couples with taxable income as low as $45,000. These are not wealthy individuals. These are middle class working Americans. I have the chart I referred to that Members can see. I want them to see what the median income for a four-person family for every State in the Nation.  Median income is the amount of income right in the middle, with half the incomes above and the other half below. Our chart shows that the average median income for a four-person family in the United States, as we can see, is $62,098. A family of four now, that is the average. Remember, half are below and half are above. A reduction of the 27 percent rate to 25 will benefit married couples with taxable income over $45,000. So it will benefit working people who are well below the national median income level.  This chart also shows those States that have family median income that is higher than the national average. And so we can look at where these people live: Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Michigan, Rhode Island, California, Washington State. These are the States where a family of four will benefit the most from our proposed tax cuts.  The more surprising figures are shown in the next chart. We can see the States with median income below the national average. So you recall that I said that reducing the 27 percent rate to 25 percent will benefit married couples with taxable incomes over $45,000. Look at the median income distribution of this chart. You can see from this chart that there is not one State on the list that has a median family income of less than $45,000.  So you can see that our proposal will benefit everyone, not just the elite few, not just from a few selected States. But the distinguished majority leader's Democratic skeletal plan provides no relief for these States. The Treasury Department has estimated that the White House-centrist bipartisan plan's acceleration of the 27 percent rate will yield $17.9 billion of tax relief in the year 2002 for over 36 million taxpayers. That is one-third of all income tax payers. Small business owners and entrepreneurs account for 10 million or 30 percent of those benefiting from this rate reduction.  When you refuse to accelerate the rate cuts, you harm farmers and small businesspersons the most. That is because most small businessowners and farmers operate their businesses as sole proprietors, sub-S corporations, partnerships. The income in these types of entities is reported directly in individual tax returns. Therefore, a rate reduction for individuals reduces taxes for farmers and small businesses. That is why the rate reduction under the bipartisan White House-centrist plan is so important. In 2002 alone, it injects $17.9 billion of stimulus into our ailing economy, and it helps small businesses that create the new jobs.  So what would a small business do with these tax savings? Well, considering that most of the recent job growth has come from small businesses, I believe they would feel safe hiring more people and making more business investment. We know that 80 percent of the 11.1 million new jobs created between 1994 and 1998 were from businesses with less than 20 employees. Eighty percent of American businesses have fewer than 20 employees. That is why I refer to this as the 80-80 rule for supporting tax reductions.  In addition, lowering taxes now would increase business cashflow during the current economic slowdown. The higher cashflow would increase demand for investment and labor. Don't just take my word for it because we have the National Bureau of Economic Research. They produced, in October 2000, a publication called ``Personal Income Taxes and the Growth of Small Firms.'' As you know, the National Bureau of Economic Research is a well-regarded, nonpartisan organization. It is the organization that determines when official recessions begin and when they end. They said this one began in March 2001. If we trust them to make that determination, I hope we trust the conclusions reached in their report.  Their report on individual taxes and small business growth reaches the unambiguous conclusion that when a sole proprietor's marginal tax rate goes up, the rate of growth of his or her business enterprise goes down. Simply stated, high personal income tax rates discourage the growth of small business and right now, in a recession, that is the last thing we need.  That is why it is important to do rate reductions and do them the right way and fully accelerate the 27-percent rate reduction. We are simply accelerating a decision the Senate made last summer. We should not, as has been suggested by some in the Democratic leadership, repeal rate reduction or, to state it correctly, we should not increase taxes. Again, that is the last thing you should do in a recession.  We know tax cuts are stimulative. When working Americans have more of their own income, they are more financially secure and comfortable with spending.  Let me say who really loses when this body fails to act. It is our displaced workers, it is our fellow Americans who still have a job, it is the security of our job base, and it is the soundness of the Nation's economy.  The Senate Democrat leadership will not allow an up-or-down vote on our bipartisan White House-centrist stimulus package. At least that was the way it was before our holiday break. The reason why I don't think they allowed it to be done is because it would pass. We have a majority of Senators--obviously, a bipartisan majority. Obviously, this proposal comes from the center of the Senate, from conservative Democrats and moderate Republicans. So what. That is how you get things done in the Senate.  I might not agree with everything in the package. I might be considered more conservative than those who put it together, but it is a good package. More importantly, it meets the needs of our country post-September 11. It meets the needs of those dislocated workers, those people who don't have health insurance.  So now where are we? We are at a point where the distinguished majority leader has offered the skeletal remains of that package. But I don't think there is a majority of Senators supporting that move. When you get it all said and done, it doesn't help those people who don't have health insurance.  I urge Senators to think twice before supporting something less than the full stimulus package that was written by Democrats and Republicans in the center of the Senate and that was so done in a way that satisfies the White House for signature. We need to enact a plan that will stimulate the current economy and serve as insurance against a second downturn in the next few years.  For those in this body, both Republican and Democrat, there are a few who say we will be better off if we don't pass the stimulus package, or that we are recovering and we might not need it. I say to them, remember that most recessions have a double downturn. They have it when the original recession kicks in, and then they have an upturn, and then they have a down tick. A down tick probably is not a negative growth situation, but it is still a downturn. This stimulus package will be insurance against having a steady rise in the economy over the next few years, with no down tick, as is traditional for some recoveries. We need to enact a plan that will stimulate the current economy and give us that insurance.  The White House-centrist bipartisan package does that. I hope the Senate hears the pleas of the American people and will support a comprehensive stimulus package--one that aids displaced workers, tends to their health care needs, and gives a real turbocharge to our economy, and to do that into a full recovery, a recovery without a down tick, so those who need a job can get it and those who have a job can keep it and relieve a lot of anxiety--particularly anxiety over not having health insurance, which unemployed people have.  Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  