 President, as you know, for as long as I have been in Congress, my belief is that no American family should be forced to pay over half of their savings, their business, or their family farm in taxes when they die. No taxpayer should be visited by the undertaker and the tax collector at the same time.  With the President's support we have helped those families we care about, this Senate voted by a wide majority to help those families who are being crushed under the expensive responsibilities of estate tax planning and estate taxes. I have heard the concerns of the people in Iowa and the American people, and this Congress voted to repeal the ``death tax.''  Now, the Democrat leadership wants to take that all away. Once again they want to take more then half of a family's assets because someone has died. The Democrat leaders just want to spend your money. Well, folks, that is not right. Death is not a taxable event.  We have the chance today to make death tax repeal permanent. We have heard from the brave men and women who fought World War II, they fought for democracy and then came home to help fuel the economy that created this wealth. They are dying by the thousands everyday, now they want the death tax to die forever. That means for the first time, American taxpayers, who are good Americans, who saved and invested in savings accounts and stocks and bonds will be treated equally with all other taxpayers. It means, that for the first time, American farm families and the owners of small businesses will not have to jump through hoops, hold their breath, and pray they did it right, subject to audit, in order to know they will not have to pay death tax.  Last year we repealed the death tax, effective for anyone dying after December 31, 2009. If not for budget constraints we would have repealed it sooner, but at least today we can vote to make the repeal permanent. We will be able to start a new decade with no death tax to burden the future generations. By repealing the death tax we will save thousands of family-owned businesses and in turn saving the jobs of hundreds of thousands of employees when family businesses are faced with death tax.  We have heard the American people, we have reformed and repealed the death tax. I urge all of my fellow Senators to repeal the sunset so death tax will be dead once and for all. Beware of all these Democratic amendments that try to once again make the law murky and complex. Keep it simple and fair--repeal the sunset. Make death tax repeal permanent.  