 President, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by my colleague, the Senator from Minnesota. I certainly commend the Senator's role of reversing the trend towards larger farms and greater concentration in agriculture. I have been pleased to work with Senator Wellstone to address a number of concerns related to concentration and consolidation in the agricultural industry. Most recently we worked together to secure passage of the bipartisan amendment to address vertical integration by limiting packer control over livestock.  While the Senator from Minnesota and I share the goal of reversing that, I am concerned that this amendment would fall short of that goal. In short, Senator Wellstone's amendment would have the detrimental effect on many midsize family farmers who are struggling to comply with stringent new environmental regulations by slashing the amount of funding available to make responsible environmental improvements in rural areas.  The reason I take some caution in addressing opposition to his amendment is that I complimented the Senator from Minnesota, as we were debating this bill in December, that he was going to offer this amendment. But when I held meetings in my State of Iowa during the month of January--I held several town meetings just on the farm bill-- I had this concern from people who are strictly family farmers who came to my meetings. They were very concerned about the CAFO regulations that they have to meet and the fact that if they have to meet those, they may not be able to stay in livestock. They did find EQIP provisions in the original farm bill to be helpful to meet those requirements so they could stay in agriculture.  So I changed my mind, I need to tell the Senator from Minnesota. I say it apologetically, in the sense that I had encouraged him in the first instance. I think these stringent, new regulations proposed by EPA are meant to get help from the provisions of this farm bill in addressing water pollution from livestock operations. According to EPA's own estimate, the new regulations could cost producers from $280,000 to $2.4 million over 10 years.  While the goals of the new regulations are certainly commendable, we obviously have to take the financial costs of the regulations into consideration. I drew the conclusion, after my meetings in January, that it was too much for many family farmers to absorb.  Recognizing the dire situation of these farmers, last year the Senate supported the amendment I offered to the budget resolution to increase EQIP funding by $350 million in each of the next 10 years. This important funding will provide cost-sharing assistance to family farmers to help them comply with the new CAFO regulations.  The Wellstone amendment would significantly reduce the level of EQIP funding available to family farmers. According to EPA estimates, over 1,000 livestock operations in Iowa would be ineligible for EQIP funds.  Mr. President, again, I am in opposition to the amendment offered by my colleague, the Senator from Minnesota. Let me first say that I certainly commend the Senator's goal of reversing the trend toward larger farms and greater concentration in agriculture. I have been pleased to work with Senator Wellstone to address a number of concerns related to concentration and consolidation in the agriculture industry. Most recently, we worked together to secure passage of a bipartisan amendment to address vertical integration by limiting packer control over livestock.  While the Senator from Minnesota and I share the goal of reversing concentration, I am concerned that this amendment falls far short of that goal. In short, the Senator's amendment would have a detrimental effect on many of my state's mid-sized family farmers who are struggling to comply with stringent new environmental regulations by slashing the amount of funding available to make responsible environmental improvements in rural areas.  Mr. President, the future prosperity of Iowa's family farmers, and farmers across this nation, is currently threatened by stringent new regulations proposed by the EPA aimed at addressing water pollution from livestock operations. According to EPA's own estimates, the new regulations could cost producers from $280,000 to $2.4 million over the next ten years.  While the goals of the new regulations are certainly commendable, the financial costs of these regulations will simply be too much for many family farmers to absorb.  Recognizing the dire situation of these farmers, last year the Senate supported an amendment that I offered to the budget resolution to increase EQIP funding by $350 million in each of the next ten years. This important funding will provide cost-sharing assistance to family farmers to help them comply with these new regulations.  The Wellstone amendment, however, would significantly reduce the level of EQIP funding available to family farmers. According to EPA estimates, over 1,000 livestock operations in Iowa would be ineligible for EQIP funds. Another 500 to 1,000 could be ineligible if they expand in order to remain competitive or to comply with the new rules by building new structures with new technologies.  The bottom line is that if these family farmers are denied EQIP assistance, the result will be poorer management systems and practices, and the environment will suffer.  The farm bill reported by the Agriculture Committee makes reasonable changes to the rules of the EQIP program by limiting eligibility by a simple and reasonable payment limit--not by the size of the operation. A payment limit puts livestock and poultry operations on an even footing with the program limits for row-crops.  Without the technical and cost-sharing assistance provided by EQIP, many family farmers in my state will be forced out of business--leaving only the largest farms who can absorb the costs--and leading to even greater concentration in the industry. In this farm bill, we have made great strides toward reducing the level of concentration and vertical integration in agriculture. Unfortunately, this amendment would be a step backwards.  Over 80 percent of Iowa's farms are individually or family-owned. It's these producers I have always sought to help. These are the people who produce our food and keep main streets in rural America in business. These are the farmers who depend on the assistance from the EQIP program. It is for these farmers that I will oppose this amendment and support a strong EQIP.  