 President, I would like to take a few minutes to speak in support of an amendment that Senator Baucus and I introduced which modifies the Customs provisions of the homeland security bill.  The creation of a Department to oversee homeland security is a tremendous undertaking for Congress and the White House which will face multiple challenges. This is certainly true in the context of incorporating the U.S. Customs Service into the new Department.  The U.S. Customs Service is one of the oldest agencies in the U.S. Government. Created in 1789 to enforce U.S. tariff policy, the agency's mission has continually adapted to meet the changing needs of our Nation.  Today, it is one of the most modernized agencies in the U.S. Government, responsible for managing over 23 million entries and 472 million passengers a year. It collects over $23 billion dollars in duties and fees and is responsible for seizing millions of pounds of contraband narcotics every year. The Customs Service is a vital component of our Government.  Given the importance of the agency in facilitating international trade and law enforcement, I think we have an obligation to do everything we can to enhance the effectiveness of the new Department as it moves from Treasury too Homeland Security.  That is why I, working closely with Senator Baucus, developed a series of recommendations regarding the Customs Service which we presented to the Committee on Governmental Affairs early in the process of developing this bill.  I would like to take this opportunity to thank Senators Lieberman and Thompson for incorporating the vast majority of our recommendations into the homeland security bill. I especially appreciate the collegial and bipartisan spirit in which the recommendations were developed and adopted by the committee. I think we will have a much better product because of our joint efforts.  The additional changes we are offering to the bill will further enhance the effectiveness of the Customs Service as it moves into the Department of Homeland Security.  The ability of the Customs Service to effectively facilitate international trade while at the same time perform its law enforcement functions is in large part due to the cooperative relationship which the Customs Service has with much of the international trade community. This cooperative relationship benefits both parties and hasbeen developed over a long period of time. By understanding the business community and how international trade actually works, the Customs Service is much more adept at identifying anomalies in trade patterns that often point to illicit activity. I want to make sure these relationships are not lost with the transfer of the Customs Service to Homeland Security.  Part of the key in maintaining this traditional cooperative relationship is to maintain the advisory elements on which they are built. This means carrying forth such committees as the Treasury Advisory Committee on the Commercial Operations of the Customs Service, or COAC, to the new Department of Homeland Security. This is precisely what our amendment does.  I also want to make sure the international trade functions of the Customs Service continue to receive adequate resources to continue their work. A good example of this is the continued construction of the automated commercial environment, or ACE. Currently, the automated commercial system is the only comprehensive mechanism to monitor trade flows. Yet it is antiquated and subject to periodic slowdowns. We must do better.  That is why I strongly support rapid and efficient deployment of ACE, the automated commercial environment. The ACE system will be key to facilitating economic trade in the future. We must make sure than, even in these times of tight budget constraints and intense focus on homeland security, we continue to provide Customs with the funds needed to get the ACE system up and running. A well-functioning automated mechanism for monitoring trade flows will help facilitate international trade and help Customs more effectively perform its law enforcement functions.  Our amendment establishes a new account within the Customs Service called the Customs Commercial and Homeland Security Automation Account. For fiscal years 2003 through 2005, $350 million in Customs user fees would be allocated specifically to this account. Creation of this account will ensure that sufficient funding is available to complete construction of the automated commercial environment ACE after Customs moves from the Department of the Treasury to Homeland Security.  As we move forward in enhancing our border security efforts, it is important to keep in mind that a large part of homeland security is economic security. And, international trade is a critical component of our economic security. Exports alone accounted for 25 percent of U.S. economic growth from 1990-2000. Exports alone support an estimated 12 million jobs. Trade also promotes more competitive businesses--as well as more choices of goods and inputs, with lower prices. If we impede trade, we impede our own economic growth and our own well-being.  The tragedy of September 11 make it clear that the United States must be at the forefront in developing the border technologies and enforcement methodologies which will enable our economy to prosper and grow in the new global environment. We cannot afford to do any less. A nation which master the competing goals of international trade facilitation and border security will be a nation which can confidently embrace new world trading system. It will be a nation which prospers well into this new millennium. I stand ready to work with my colleagues and President Bush to make sure our Nation rises to meet this challenge.  