 President, before I yield the floor, I would like to have just a short discussion of something that bothers me. In the Senate we have a right to be, and a responsibility to be, intellectually honest about these issues with which we are faced here.  I have heard so much during this debate--not so much during the debate, because that wouldn't be fair, but more probably in news conferences held by Senators on the other side of the aisle--about the Democrats wishing to use Enron and WorldCom events very much as, I think, political issues. I think maybe the Democrats are hoping for a ``November storm'' in which our economy is weak and no progress is made on accounting reforms.  As this bill goes through the Senate, through conference, and comes back, I hope we will realize that there is enough blame to go around. But, most importantly, I think it is wrong. For instance, the distinguished majority leader on ``Face the Nation'' recently attributed the current crisis to the alleged ``permissive'' attitude in the Bush administration towards business. I didn't see any ``permissiveness'' in the President's speech last week. I don't think very many people did.  But I think we also need to remember, while a lot of this mischief was going on by corporations, that during the decades of the 1990s and now in the 21st century there were 2 years in which Democrats controlled Congress. In those two years, we had a Republican President. That was the first Bush Presidency. There was a period of time when the Democrats controlled both Houses of Congress and the White House. That was 1993-1994. Then there were 6 years that Republicans controlled the Congress--1994-2000, and the Democrats controlled the Presidency. Then there were 135 days last year that Congress was controlled by Republicans, and the President of the United States, but only 135 days out of a 12-year period of time, if you want to use the 1990s plus now. And what has happened has happened on the watch of both Republicans and Democrats.  I think that to say a President has been President 18 months and this crisis before us is because of a ``permissive'' attitude in the Bush administration towards business just doesn't hold water.  I have a chart behind me. I hope I am very clear in making this more accurate than what I just said. The yellow is the 2 years of the Bush administration going back to 1994, and the other color covers the Clinton administration. But let's forget about the Bush administration and the Clinton administration. Let's just realize what the facts are.  In the case of Enron, it became public in the year 2001, but the restated earnings and the mischief went on all the way back to at least the beginning of 1997 because 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, and the first two quarters of 2001 were restated earnings.  Adelphia: Half of 1998, all of 1999, all of 2000--before they were public in 2001--but restated earnings for all those.  Go down to Xerox. It was found by the end of the year 2000 everything that was done wrong in Xerox. The restated earnings of 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000 came before there was ever a President George Bush.  There were restated earnings for Rite Aid for 1998, 1999, and 2000. You can go down the list. What the chart says, better than I can say, is that it is not a permissive attitude by this President that has put us in this position. It is because of the lack of transparency that was implied in what the accounting profession and audit committees and boards of directors, who ought to be watching management, were doing, and the Securities Exchange Commission under the spirit of the 1933 law of what they should have been doing. I suppose there are a lot of others as well.  But now politics should be put to the side. We should not be making these statements. We ought to be correcting the situation so that people have confidence and so that the crooks who are running our corporations and doing these things that are evidenced here. When I say ``crooks running our corporations,'' I mean the ones who would do this sort of thing to their stockholders and to the country and to the economy--so that they cannot get away with that in the future.  That is what this bill is all about. I complimented Senator Sarbanes and Senator Enzi about this bill. I think it would have been improved with my amendment. But, quite obviously, that is not the way the game is being played. So I am sorry that my amendment could not be put to a vote.  