 The most important thing to remember, as we are trying to reach an agreement on a stimulus package, is there has been a lot of work put into this over the last several weeks--not since the holidays but before the holidays--and we have had partisan approaches by both Republicans and Democrats. We have had bipartisan approaches. We have had cooperation between some Members of Congress and the White House, and we have a bipartisan White House-centrist package that has passed the House that the President said he would sign, and one that had a majority vote, if we had taken a vote in the Senate before the holidays, that could have been to the President by now. It would have been to the President, signed into law, andhelping 800,000 people unemployed since the September 11 terrorist attacks on America.  This White House-centrist bipartisan package is a solid economic stimulus plan. Most important, it has a compassionate approach to put displaced workers first, and even more so than the amendment offered by Senator Daschle because he does--as I would agree to do--put in 13 weeks of additional unemployment compensation. However, his consensus package does nothing for those unemployed workers now who had health insurance previously. They have to pay the health insurance called COBRA out of their own pocket. The proposal I call the White House-centrist bipartisan package has a 60-percent tax credit for that.  It is important to have a bipartisan plan. This White House-centrist package is a plan that can pass the Senate. Most important, this plan, if passed, will be signed by the President because he has said so. I was in on that bipartisan meeting the President had with House leaders, with Democrats from the Senate, and with Republican moderates. He said he would sign it.  If we pursue the majority leader's plan, workers and businesses will face more delays because that plan will have to be conferenced with the House. That is going to take days probably. It could even take some weeks. The further we get along, the more there tends to be a recovery, the less economic good that stimulus package will do. It will be a delayed effort to help those 800,000 people who are unemployed and those people who do not have health insurance. If we use the bipartisan White House-centrist package, we will be able to get that passed right away.  How long would it take to get it through conference? Just remember how long it took to agree that we ought to have the quasi-conference procedure that we operated a couple weeks before the holidays. Remember how long it took to reach the substantive agreement we have, the bipartisan White House-centrist package. All this history--and we ought to learn from history--ought to dictate the time to act is now, not a month from now.  We had Chairman Greenspan advising the President, advising Congress in early October, that was a time to pass the stimulus package--not only pass it now as a stimulus, but we need to do it for the workers. That is what we need to do for small business, as well.  The bottom line is, if we pass the White House-centrist bipartisan bill, unemployment checks can go out to those people who have exhausted their 26 weeks. Businesses will invest in new plant equipment with a 30-percent, 2-year accelerated depreciation. Unemployed workers will get help for their health insurance so they can continue to have coverage for their families, as they did before they were laid off. Taxpayers will get a payroll tax rebate. Taxpayers will get a little extra income tax relief to spend. New York City, hurt by September 11 terrorist attacks and needing help, will receive aid to rebuild. This could occur tomorrow if we get a chance to vote upon the bill that passed the House of Representatives before the holidays, the very same bill the President said he would sign.  We are talking about moving ahead on a stimulus package. Now, instead of talking about the bipartisan White House-centrist package, we are talking about the new, scaled-back stimulus plan offered within the last 24 hours by our distinguished majority leader. This isn't the first time there has been a stimulus plan offered by the other side. This is the third variation on a stimulus plan offered by the distinguished Senator who is our majority leader.  As most Members know, the Democrats initially passed the stimulus plan out of the Finance Committee, not in the spirit of how the Finance Committee usually works in a bipartisan fashion, but in a wholly partisan mode. It happens that with all the work put into that committee hearing, that plan was never sent to the floor for a vote. The distinguished majority leader almost immediately radically modified the Senate Finance Committee partisan stimulus proposal--again, acting in a partisan way. And nothing gets done in the Senate if it is done by one party. That is why it is so important to remind people of the White House-centrist bipartisan stimulus package that the President said he would pass.  Surprisingly, that revised proposal that the Senate majority leader put on our table immediately after the partisan bill came out of committee looks a great deal like the White House-centrist bipartisan stimulus package I have been referring to that we ought to pass and send to the White House. A substitute back in November, put on the table by Senator Daschle, adopted measures initially promoted by many Republicans. Unfortunately, in December, the majority leader blocked a vote on the White House-centrist plan in large part, I believe, out of fear it would pass. And it would have.  Now comes yet another variation of that theme. The majority leader has delivered yet another economic stimulus package--basically the skeletal remains of previous stimulus proposals.  I will talk about some of the differences between the White House-centrist bipartisan package and the partisan Democrat skeleton stimulus plan. I will explain, then, why I believe the bipartisan White House-centrist package is better for America and, most importantly, for those dislocated workers, and particularly for the dislocated workers who do not have health insurance. I will look at what it does for displaced workers.  This is the White House-centrist package. Our unemployment insurance proposal represents an unprecedented commitment to American workers. We provide up to 13 weeks of additional unemployment benefit to eligible workers who exhaust their regular benefits between March 15, 2001, and December 31, 2002. We have an estimated 3 million unemployed workers qualifying for an average of $230 a week. These benefits would be 100-percent federally funded at a cost of about $10 billion. Our proposal transfers an additional $9 billion to State unemployed trust funds.  Such a transfer would provide the States with flexibility to pay administrative costs, provide additional benefits, and avoid raising unemployment taxes which would be a bad thing for them to be forced to do during the current recession. We never want to raise taxes during a recession.  The United States enjoyed a growing economy and declining unemployment for much of the previous decade. But the economic slowdown that officially became a recession started in March 2001. We all know that was exacerbated by the terrorist attacks on September 11. That meant more substantial layoffs. I said this recession started in March 2001. Economists officially labeled it a recession. But remember that a long time before that--almost a year, March 2000--we started a downturn in manufacturing. That manufacturing index, going back to the last year of the Clinton administration, has still been going down 19 months in a row. Even though the official recession started in March 2001, those in manufacturing had been in recession for a whole year before that.  We have seen the unemployment rate for all segments of the economy rise from 4 percent in November 2000 to 5.7 in November 2001. By historical standards, you could say the current unemployment rate is still substantially below the level at which Congress deemed it necessary to enact extended unemployment benefits based upon what Congress has done for the few times in the past. Over the past 50 years, the Federal Government provided temporary extended unemployment benefits only six other times. The average unemployment rate during those times was far higher than it is right now at 7.3 percent as an average for those six times.  Based upon historical record, the President did not go as far with his suggestion for helping unemployed people as the bipartisan centrist stimulus package does. The President originally suggested that extended unemployment benefits--meaning the additional 13 weeks--should be limited to those few States that have a disaster declaration in effect as a result of September 11 and which have a threshold of the 30-percent increase in their unemployment rate.  A number of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle insisted we provide immediate assistance, not just to a few States as the President suggested but to every State, regardless of their unemployment rate. We have agreed to do exactly that in our bipartisan centrist stimulus package. The President has agreed to sign it even though it didn't start out at that point.  We have some, unfortunately, on the other side of the aisle who continue to insist that what we are doing is not enough. They insist that we should go further by requiring every State to provide specific benefits and establish specific eligibility criteria as a condition of receiving their additional Federal assistance of 13 weeks. In other words, what they are suggesting is that we violate the agreement we had between the States and Federal Government, for the most part letting States decide who should and under what circumstances they qualify for unemployment assistance.  We could not agree to the demands on the other side to change this longstanding relationship between the Federal Government and the State governments on the policy of unemployment compensation. We have always left those decisions about benefit levels and eligibility criteria to the States.  The changes sought by those on the other side of the aisle destroy this historic relationship and undermine the flexibility needed by States to respond to their unique circumstances while ignoring a fact about America--that we are geographically vast; our population is very heterogeneous. Consequently, you can't pour one mold in Washington, DC, that fits the needs of New Mexico the same as New York City, or Iowa the same as Sacramento, CA. Leave us leave it to the legislatures of California, Iowa, New Mexico, and New York to decide what the policy should be for their States as those people closer to the grassroots see their needs. To me, that is just a commonsense approach to governing. It might not be a commonsense approach in England where the country is small, but it is obviously the sort of thing we need to do in our federal form of government.  I would now like to touch on the White House-centrist bipartisan plan commitment to providing health care for dislocated workers because the plan that the distinguished Senator majority leader has put on the table does not deal with this at all.  If there is one thing I could point out from his remarks this morning, it is that he tried to make the point that his package has only things in it to which both sides agreed. I think he is misreading the Republican side of the aisle. There is a great deal of commitment on the part of Republicans--the vast majority of our caucus--to meet the health care needs of people who are dislocated workers because of September 11. Quite frankly, it would do this for the first time in the history of our public policy.  They have been saying since October that Republicans don't care about helping workers with health insurance. I quote Senator Daschle himself last December saying that his Republican colleagues ``so far have refused to come to the table and negotiate seriously.''  There is nothing further from the truth. Since October, when President Bush first called on Congress to pass the stimulus package, I have worked closely and seriously with both Democrats and Republicans to come up with a meaningful, bipartisan approach to helping people impacted by the events of September 11. Compared to where we started on the issue of health care for the dislocated workers, Republicans have come a very long way to a position with which a majority of our caucus agrees. I do the history on this just to prove the point.  This debate began, let us say, back in October--too long ago, I am sorry to say, and embarrassed to say. We should have passed this bill when the recession first hit its lowest point. Our proposal at that time relied on a national emergency grant program to deliver health benefits to workers at a cost of just $3 billion. We look back now, and we say that just doesn't do it. Over time, the number grew. I said publicly that we could double or even triple that number.  I also invited Democrats to modify the grant criteria to make the program more responsive to the needs of workers without health insurance. I even offered some Democrats the opportunity to write the criteria, if we could agree on doing it through national emergency grant programs. The reason for that is you can deliver the help to those who do not have health insurance within 30 days after the President would sign the bill. But the Members of the other party refused. And that did not stop us from staying at the negotiating table, regardless of what the distinguished majority leader says about our refusal to negotiate.  (