 President, I support the three amendments offered by the Senator from North Carolina. He has been very accommodating in working with us to make sure these amendments could go very smoothly.  I believe it is appropriate to establish principal negotiating objectives for textiles and for apparel. Neither the House trade promotion authority bill nor the bipartisan trade promotion authority bill that Senator Baucus and I now have before the Senate--and was approved by an 18-to-3 vote in our committee--contain negotiating objectives for this sector of our economy, textiles and apparel.  The amendment of the Senator from North Carolina fills this gap by establishing principal negotiating objectives modeled after things I have supported for agriculture, such as we have agricultural negotiating objectives that emphasize the importance of reciprocal market opening commitments.  These new textile negotiating objectives also recognize that it is important to promote market access opportunities abroad and to do it for U.S. producers and to reduce and/or eliminate nontariff trade-distorting measures which limit access for U.S. producers in markets overseas.  Ultimately, the best way to help workers in the United States who are or may be displaced by trade is to create as many new market access opportunities overseas for U.S. producers as possible because the more trade and the more product we sell creates jobs in America, and we only have a trade bill before the Senate for one purpose: To help our economy. When we help our economy, we create jobs. This legislation does that, and the amendments by the Senator from North Carolina add to the objectives of this goal.  I also support enhancing educational opportunities for displaced workers. Enhancing workers' educational opportunities is a very positive step forward and represents a strong investment in each individual worker's future.  Finally, I support providing emergency assistance grant programs for community colleges that provide training programs for displaced workers. In fact, in my very State of Iowa, community colleges are right in the center of job opportunities, not just for displaced workers but even for the training of workers for specific jobs, of expanding businesses within our State or jobs that are moving into my State from another State.  This puts on the community colleges a burden for which they are prepared. This assistance to the community colleges is consistent with the administration's efforts to increase and improve the quality of 2-year-degree institutions. Workers or families and their communities will benefit from this type of assistance. It is consistent with the social contract between dislocated workers and our country that is at the heart of trade adjustment assistance.  Obviously, I urge all my colleagues on this side of the aisle to join me in supporting these amendments.  I yield the floor.  