 President, today is a very bad day for the family farmer. I am extremely disappointed by the effort that was made by the Senate conferees to maintain the provisions that were added to the Senate version of the farm bill on the floor.  A number of folks have been saying this is a good bill, and I would say those folks are part right, it's a good bill if you are a cotton and rice producer. The problem is we don't grow those commodities in my state of Iowa. I plan to vote with the family farmers from Iowa.  I'll sum it up in four words to explain why this is a bad bill for Iowa and why I'm so adamantly opposed to this conference report: competition, competition, competition, competition.  My first reference to competition pertains to competition for grain farmers. The conferees threw out my amendment on reasonable payment limits. In fact I think what they did will cause more harm than good because the Senate Democrats are calling it legitimate reform. If this is their version of ``legitimate reform'' they're not talking to and representing the same farmers I'm listening to and representing.  The American people recognize the importance of the family farmer to our nation, and the need to provide an adequate safety net for family farmers. In recent years, however, assistance to farmers has come under increasing scrutiny. Critics of farm payments have argued that the largest corporate farms reap most of the benefits of these payments. The reality is, 60 percent of the payments have gone to only 10 percent of our Nation's farmers.  What is more, the payments that have been designed to benefit small and medium-sized family farmers have contributed to their own demise. Unlimited farm payments have placed upward pressure on land prices and cash rents and have contributed to overproduction and lower commodity prices, driving many family farmers off the farm.  What is really disturbing though it the fact that the conference report failed to address this issue and even worse, the authors are acting like they did.  This conference report fails to address the use of generic commodity certificates which allow farmers to circumvent payment limitations. The supposed ``reform'' in this bill is worthless due to the lack of generic certificate reform. In recent years, we have heard news reports about large corporate farms receiving millions of dollars in payments through the use of generic certificates. Generic certificates do not benefit family farmers but allow the largest farmers to receive unlimited payments. This bill will not even make the big corporate farmer blink.  The Senate agreed, by an overwhelming vote of 66 to 31, to a bipartisan amendment sponsored by Senator Dorgan and me to target federal assistance to small and medium-sized family farmers. The amendment would have limited direct and counter cyclical payments to $75,000. It would have limited gains from marketing loans and LDPs to $150,000, and generic certificates would have been included in this limit. No subterfuge. The amendment would also establish a combined payment limitation of $275,000 for a husband and wife.  This amendment was critical to family farmers in Iowa. I feel strongly the conference report failed Iowa when it failed to effectively address the issue of payment limitations. This will do nothing to help restore public respectability for federal farm assistance by targeting this assistance to those who need it the most.  The second reference to competition refers to the independent livestock producer being almost completely ignored in this bill. Iowa's independent livestock producers had clearly made the elimination of packer ownership their number one priority. The conferees threw it out.  The president of the Iowa Pork Producers had stated: ``It [the packer ban] was our number one issue for the Farm Bill and we are extremely disappointed it didn't survive.''  The Iowa Cattlemen released a statement which read:       The Iowa Cattlemen's Association Executive Board . . .      expressed their frustration with a missed opportunity for new      legislation regarding a ban on packer ownership in the final      version of the Farm Bill. . . . We believe the Farm Bill      Conference committee has overlooked and ignored the family      farmer and small livestock producer in failing to adopt      appropriate packer limitations.  It's clear that is what Iowa's livestock producers wanted and this farm bill doesn't deliver. It's that simple!  Also, in regard to livestock producers, the bipartisan amendment I offered with Senator Feingold which would have eliminated the ability of packers to force livestock producers, into mandatory arbitration was dropped in conference.  We finally had the chance to give farmers an opportunity to choose the best dispute settlement mechanism available for their individual situation. But instead of fixing the problem--and let me remind everyone that this passed by an overwhelming vote on the Senate floor--we've locked independent livestock producers into binding arbitration instead of mediation or civil action which could have given family farmers a fighting chance to succeed in a dispute with a packer.  Who wants a pat on the back from the packers for dropping these items from the conference report? I am sure the packers are really proud of you, whoever you are. Don't worry aboutthe independent livestock producers, they won't be around much longer anyway.  My third reference to competition pertains to competition for funds. Specifically, when the next round of payments will be made.  Sticking with current law and passing a supplemental would provide a net benefit to Iowa farmers of approximately $662 million in the first six months if the supplemental was only equal to the levels of support offered within the last supplemental package, according to the Center for Agricultural and Rural Development at Iowa State University. If a farmer has the ability to pay down his debt earlier in a loan cycle than later in that same cycle that money goes much further for the individual producer, everyone knows this. Instead, under the bill as currently constructed, Iowa producers will be waiting till sometime between December and March for the first round of sizable payments. It won't be this fall as it has been for the last three years.  I have read in the press that some Members of this body are trying to claim that this is beneficial to farmers in short term. I guess the question is what's ``short term'' to those folks, but the better question is, what's short term to Iowa's family farmers?  In the next 6 months. I think it would be fair to say that Iowa farmers are concerned how they will be treated under this program for the next six months. The benefits to Iowa farmers from implementation of the new farm bill in the current fiscal year would include increased LDP rates for corn because of the increased corn loan rate. Nationally, corn farmers received less than 14 percent of a crop year's LDP payment in the same fiscal year since 1997. For Iowa, the amount is clearly less than one percent. This means that Iowa farmers would gain essentially nothing from the higher loan rates in the current fiscal year.  Iowa farmers would find that their soybean LDP rates would decrease under the new farm bill because of lower soybean loan rate. But for soybeans, less than 5 percent of LDPs were collected in the fiscal year as the crop year. Thus, Iowa farmers would not lose much at all from implementation of the lower rates in the current fiscal year.  So where is the benefit to this approach? Is there a payment hidden in the conference report I have not seen yet? I guess that those in favor of this bill could say that there is a fixed payment available to family farmers that will hopefully be made available in October, but then you have to remember to reduce that payment by the amount a family farmer has already received this year. In Iowa, that means your net benefit for the fixed payment is 1.9 cents per bushel of corn.  How can anyone defend 1.9 cents as a substantive fixed payment? How does that compare with the Robert's supplemental? Well, he had 33.4 cents per bushel available for corngrowers in Iowa, and there was no slight of hand to force you to reduce it, or pressure to manipulate your reportable base, to improve your payment. Does anyone actually think 1.9 cents is better for family farmers than 33.4 cents per bushel?  My fourth reference to competition is trade, specifically trade compliance. I offered an amendment during the Senate floor debate that would have reinforced the importance of ensuring that the farm bill which passes the Senate complied with our Uruguay Round trade commitments, and the conferees stripped it out.  As I have said before, our family farmers depend on foreign markets, exporting about one-quarter to one-third of the farm products they produce. For the past 25 years, the U.S. has exported far more agricultural goods than it has imported.  The Uruguay Round negotiations improved conditions of market access for American farmers. For the first time, the agreement reached during the Uruguay Round capped the level of trade-distorting support that WTO members can provide to producers. Worldwide, agricultural tariffs were reduced by an average of 36 percent over a 6-year period. The United States agreed to reduce its own amber box spending to $19.1 billion per year.  Because agricultural domestic support commitments are now ``bound'' under WTO rules, the United States and its trading partners can be subjected to harmful trade retaliation if they exceed their WTO limitations.  If a WTO complaint were brought against the United States for exceeding its domestic support commitments, it is possible that many countries could become complainants in the cases and allege injury.  If the U.S. were found in violation of our trade obligations, we would be expected to change our current farm program, `midstream'. If we were not able to, the complaining countries would receive authorization to retaliate by raising duties on U.S. goods.  Our agricultural goods would likely be the first target of retaliation as the products chosen for retaliation are often the most successful exports.  Retaliation by our trading partners would cut our exports, forcing surplus commodities onto the domestic market. An increased domestic surplus would place downward pressure on domestic prices, increasing the need for additional assistance. At the same time, we would not be allowed to provide our family farmers any support. The result is that the conference report would fail family farmers when their need is the greatest.  That is why I offered my amendment to provide reassurance that we would not have to cut the legs out from under our nation's family farmers if the funding provided by this legislation exceeds our Uruguay Round commitments. In the event that a provision of this farm bill would have threatened to break our amber box caps, as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture, my amendment would have sunset the offending provisions after 18 months.  In order to continue funding at a level that is consistent with our Uruguay Round commitments, Congress would have been required to pass a readjustment resolution until the offending provision could be rewritten by Congress. Unlike the conference report, which gives the Secretary of Agriculture sweeping authority to reduce or suspend payments, this amendment would ensure that farmers can count on the assistance they need until Congress agrees that we will potentially violate our trade commitments.  In addition, USDA would have determined what program played a significant role in potentially violating our trade agreements and within 18 months that program would have been suspended, hopefully to be reformed in a trade compliant fashion.  But now, we wrote a new farm bill that will undercut our negotiators before the negotiations even get off the ground.  That is because this farm bill we are discussing today, has, according to its own supporters, a 19 percent chance of violating our Uruguay Round Amber Box commitments. We have never violated those commitments. And we have certainly never publicly announced an intention to violate those commitments. To violate those commitments now, or to threaten to do so, is a tremendous shift in long-standing United States agricultural trade policy.  Some of my colleagues might claim that this bill has improved from a 1 in 3 chance to a 1 in 5 chance of sabotaging our rural economy, and they might even be proud of the improvement. But even these dismal percentages get worse when we learn the details.  FAPRI--The Food and Agriculture Policy Research Institute--used their existing 2001 baseline to determine this percentage. By FAPRI's own admission, the 2001 baseline does not take into account the full impact we are seeing in the market of many commodity prices trending downward. FAPRI qualified their analysis by explaining:  Over the next few weeks, FAPRI intends to conduct an updated analysis of the bill that will incorporate more current market information. The new analysis will result in different estimates of prices, production, Government costs, farm income, and other indicators. Without prejudging results of the forthcoming analysis, please note that market prices for several commodities are currently lower than FAPRI had projected in its 2001 baseline.  So get ready folks, when the 2002 baseline is completed and the analysis is run later this month we could verylikely see a huge swing in the wrong direction. The percentage of non-compliance could very possibly be upward of 35-40 percent. We will not have solid figures until the next baseline is completed though because of the enormous impact the LDPs will have on 2002 projections.  We seem to be rushing to milk the Federal cow before anyone checks the breed, or much less the gender of the cattle. This is not how you establish prudent, or even satisfactory policy, but it doesn't seem like many Senators care about that right now.  We have achieved a great deal at the negotiating table in the past 50 years because we have credibility. Our trading partners respect the fact that we stick to our guns and do what we say we are going to do. In turn, we expect them to do the same.  But passing a non-trade compliant farm bill seriously damages our credibility.  And it does so right at the time when we are poised to launch new, comprehensive global trade talks largely built around our own agricultural negotiating objectives.  I cannot think of a more effective way to undermine everything we have worked for, and everything we hope to accomplish at the negotiating table during the next 3 years, than to pass a farm bill that we know might break our WTO obligations.  The advocates of this approach might say, well, it is only a one-in-five chance that we will not be trade-compliant under this farm bill.  But would we accept that argument in discussing, say, education policy, and go forward with an education program that had a one-in-five chance of failure? Or a defense program?  I do not think we would. And it does not make any more sense to go forward on that basis here, especially if those odds might actually be much worse than we realize.  Competition is and for a very long time will be the number one issue for family farmers. We should all think back to Secretary Veneman's confirmation hearing. During the question and answer period before the Senate Agriculture Committee she said something that a few of my colleagues have seemingly already forgotten. She said that the one topic she had heard the most about while visiting Senators and House members was the issue of competition. It was the most mentioned issue and the issue that we generating the most concern in rural America.  What did we leave out of this conference report? Competition, competition, competition, competition. The glaring lack of strong provisions regarding competition is why The Organization for Competitive Markets, and the Center for Rural Affairs oppose this legislation. These groups supported the legislation when family-farmer-friendly provisions were added on the Senate floor, but they are now opposed because they support family farmers and independent livestock producers and this bill does not do that.  As I look at the conference report before us I have to admit I have lost a little bit of faith in the process. We put a good bill together on the Senate floor. It came out of committee with ridiculously high payment limits, nothing on livestock competition, a complete disregard for trade compliance, deficiencies in the nutrition title, etc.  But on the floor of the Senate we all worked together to make it a bill that was acceptable, and I would say that bill was very good for Iowa's family farmers because it had in it the issues Iowans wanted us to address, specifically payment limits and packer ownership. This bill does not do what Iowans wanted it to do, plain and simple. It skipped Iowa's top priorities.  In addition, let's not forget about the administrative nightmare that this conference report will create. Everyone should be well aware of how difficult implementation will be for USDA. Don't blame the Bush administration if payments don't get out time. I hope that the Senators that are more interested in immediate implementation, than passing a supplemental are not going to be disingenuous in the future and attack the administration because implementation takes awhile to accomplish.  Let there be no question that if there is fault to assign regarding implementation it lies with the authors of the bill, not the bureaucrats required to decipher the intent of the authors. This will not be an easy task.  So I hope that Senator Daschle's comments yesterday in the Daily Monitor ring true. He was quoted as saying, ``you're not going to see these disastrous supplemental requests in the future.'' But then I wonder what ``future'' means because the next sentence reads, ``We'd still like to get one for 2001, but in the future you're not going to see them.''  The thing I just cannot understand is why, if you just had the money and the willingness of Republicans to write a supplemental that would be beneficial to family farmers, why did you forsake the opportunity to put money in farmers hands right now, and trade that benefit for immediate implementation? It's a risk that family farmers should not have to take.  To conclude, I would agree with those that claim this is a historic farm bill, but in my opinion it might be historic for all the wrong reasons. We are losing support in the urban sectors for future farm bills by not reforming the existing abuses that have been made abundantly clear by media. Even farmers want us to fix the payment problems by implementing reasonable, legitimate payment limits, but instead the conferees ignored this issue.  This bill will do nothing to restore integrity to the programs, reduce pressure on rents and land prices, dampen overproduction, and help maintain family farms and the culture that surrounds our rural communities, isn't that our goal? Why is this conference report ``good enough'' to some when it does very little for our family farmers?  Has anyone read the New York Times, Washington Post, Wall Street Journal, or the San Francisco Chronicle? These are urban newspapers and they are up in arms over this farm bill. What happens if urban folks decide they cannot hold their noses regarding the subsidy abuse down the road?  But, I guess I am assuming there will be a rural community to serve in 6 years. There is a possibility we will not have a rural community to serve due to the consolidation, concentration, increased land prices, and cash rents.  When I was in the well for the final vote I told my colleague I was going to support the Senate bill and I did. I said if those provisions were maintained, the provisions Iowa's family farmers wanted in this bill, I would support the conference report. But those provisions are not in this conference report, so I will not support it.  This bill does not accomplish Iowa family farmers' highest priorities so I am opposing the conference report. Anyone representing Iowa's interests should. We can do better, we must do better if we want family farmers and independent livestock producers to survive.  