 President, I rise today to express my appreciation to President Bush for his commitment to bringing insurance parity to people with mental illness.  As a long time supporter of mental health parity legislation in the Senate, I found his statement today in New Mexico to be a breath of fresh air in a debate that has languished for too long here in Washington.  I will always believe that when it comes to health insurance coverage, mental illness should be treated like any physical ailment. Unfortunately, those suffering from mental health disorders have for years suffered undue discrimination at the hands of insurers who force them to pay higher costs than patients suffering from physical ailments.  I believe there simply is no scientific, clinical, fiscal or ethical reason for this discrimination.  I applaud President Bush for his commitment to ending it and leveling the health care playing field to require equal access to psychiatric treatment and care.  As President Bush pointed out today in New Mexico, people suffering from severe and persistent mental problems don't suffer alone. Their illness affects their families and loved ones, and even our country  It is incredibly painful to watch someone you love struggle with an illness that affects their mind, their feelings and their relationships with others, and that difficulty is only exacerbated when care and treatment options are denied or placed out of reach due to high costs.  Remarkable treatments exist, yet many people--too many people in myview--remain untreated because insurance discrimination limits their access.  I am glad the President has asked all Americans for a commitment to bridge the insurance divide between people who are physically and mentally ill. Americans with mental illness deserve our attention. I believe we can and should this year act on mental health parity legislation that bridges those coverage chasms and also controls new health care costs.  For my part, I intend to continue working with my friend and colleague, Senator Domenici, on this important issue to ensure that nondiscrimination is the law of the land. We can do this in a bipartisan, fiscally responsible way, and I look forward to getting it done this year.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  