  It is not appropriate to include the steel legacy program on the trade adjustment assistance legislation and I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  This is a trade bill and inclusion of this amendment will doom the legislation. This is not just a helping hand for retired steel workers. It is the largest and boldest corporate welfare proposal I have seen in quite a while.  Not only is it corporate welfare but acceptance of this proposal is an invitation to others to come in to government largess in the same way: Promise the workers anything but give your promises to the taxpayers.  This legislation gives a free pass to companies and unions to bargain for benefits as irresponsibly as they would like. They may do this with the knowledge that they will never have to keep their promises. Instead, they can foist their benefit packages on the backs of the hard-working taxpayers. That includes many who have no insurance or retiree health because their employers cannot afford to purchase it.  My additional arguments against inclusion of the steel legacy program are as follows: Neither the costs of nor the implications of including steel legacy costs have been examined in the Senate Finance Committee.  The Senator from West Virginia introduced his bill, S. 2189, on steel legacy costs on April 17, 2002. That is barely a month ago. The GOP members and staff on the Senate Finance Committee have asked repeatedly that hearings be held on this issue but none has been held or contemplated.  This suggests that there are individuals on the Finance Committee who may not want this issue of steel legacy costs seriously examined. A generic hearing was held on March 14, 2002, in the HELP Committee. It was a verynice hearing but it consisted solely of one panel and steel labor and management and one panel of affected steel workers. There were no opposing views, no academics, no thoughtful examination of the implications of the proposal, no discussion of the fact that other industries with unsustainable benefit promises to retirees are hoping to get in on this deal.  Now the Senator from West Virginia has altered his proposal a little in order to slip it into the Trade Act. He says it is designed to cover just 125,000 workers and just for 1 year. But bear in mind that a 1-year bridge benefit is not the long-term intention of the amendment. Once you grant this benefit it will never sunset.  The ultimate solution for the proponents of this program is to cover all steel workers in a permanent entitlement program. The steel workers, themselves, have suggested that as many as 600,000 retired steelworkers will be picked up by such a permanent program. In addition, current steelworkers, as they retire, would come into the system, making the pool of covered individuals much larger.  How many more individuals does that add to the pool? We don't know. We have some basis for comparison, but on a much smaller scale.  But our experience with the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefits Act is just one-tenth the size, around 60,000 individuals, of the steel proposal. We have no reliable cost data on this proposal. Though Joint Tax told us that it only costs $179 million over 1 year.  The truth is that experience tells us two things: No. 1, estimates of program costs are always too optimistic. No. 2, mortality estimates are unduly pressimistic.  One estimate is that the full program, covering all steel retirees, would cost around $13 billion. But experience tells us that the estimate is probably too low. The legislation also creates a moral hazard. By allowing the parties to dump legacy costs they couldn't afford, it sends a message to all other industries. It tells them that they should make unsustainable benefit promises and lay them on the taxpayers.  In order to avoid this ``moral hazard'' in the future, this proposal would have to contain incentives to get the parties to change the way they bargain for benefits. We can see how that moral hazard still exists in the coal industry today.  Coal miners are still bargaining for, and the Bituminous Coal Operators Association is still promising, the same expensive benefit package that they dumped on the system 10 years ago.  Shifting their irresponsible collective bargaining costs to other parties did nothing to change the way they bargain for or promise benefits in the coal industry.  The coal workers and companies got away with making someone else pay for their unsustainable promises, so they keep on doing the same thing.  The ``moral hazard'' is happening in steel but on a much larger scale. Steel is 10 times the size of coal. The steel retirees are similar to any group of retirees who lose their health care coverage; they are a sympathetic group. But so are the retirees from countless other industries who lost or did not receive retiree health benefits because their company could not afford them.  The proposal before us creates a new Federal entitlement program for this particular ``sympathetic group'' that would cost billions of dollars.  My staff heard from a lobbyist from a major manufacturer in the transportation industry this week. That lobbyist said to ``get ready'' because they wanted to unload their retiree health costs on the taxpayers, too. This lobbyist suggested that their industry is much larger than the steel industry.  If you vote for this amendment, you will be ushering in an era other special retiree health care programs for all the other industries who have their own lobbyists.  Steel retirees should be considered in the context of deliberations on the uninsured. For several years we have been debating what to do about the uninsured and about prescription drug coverage under Medicare. We may decide that steel retirees fit into our deliberations. Ultimately, we may decide otherwise.  But we at least ought to explicitly consider the implications of the legislation. Bear in mind that there is another irony with the steel legacy costs proposal. Some very large steel companies--LTV and Bethlehem--went bankrupt, in part, because the 1992 energy tax bill mandated them to pay the retiree health care obligations for former coal employees under the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefits Act.  Over the past 10 years these now bankrupt steel companies have spent hundreds of millions of dollars paying for the irresponsible health care promises of the Bituminous Coal Operators Association and the UMWA. Think about that.  The shifting of retiree health costs is a vicious circle. The amendment expands the TAA health insurance assistance to steelworkers whose companies permanently closed operations while in bankruptcy. Think about who ends up holding the bag. It is the rest of America. It is the taxpayers--from the single-mother waitress with children who does not have health care. It is the white collar workers in Silicon Valley who do not have health care. It is the Midwestern farmer who pays for his family's health care. It is all the other retirees who pay tax on their Social Security benefits. This amendment creates a double standard. There is one standard, guaranteed health care for one class of folks, retired steel workers of a few companies. There is another standard for everyone else. Is that fair? Does that make sense?  This bizarre proposal is compounded further by the double standard it creates for steel industry retirees. That's right. What we have here is a ``rifle shot'' for a couple of companies.  I have been one who has fought rifle shots in the Tax Code. Well, fellow Senators, you have got a rifle shot in front of you.  We do not know all the companies that will benefit from this but certainly LTV Steel which is in chapter 7 liquidation and Bethlehem Steel that is in chapter 11 bankruptcy.  Let me take a minute to review our TAA health insurance compromise and what the implications of the steel retiree health language would mean for the TAA health credit.  The agreement we worked out gives TAA workers an advanceable, refundable tax credit, set at 70 percent, that can be applied to the purchase of selected qualified health insurance in either COBRA or State insurance pools.  The compromise also includes funds for National Emergency Grants, so that States can provide subsidized coverage to workers before State insurance pools are established.  With no company left to provide COBRA benefits, and very few State insurance pools ready early on, steelworkers will wind up being covered through the interim National Emergency Grant program, not the tax credit.  I happen to support this important interim Emergency program. But I strongly believe the addition of new categories of workers is a mistake. It sends a signal to all industries, not just steel, that nearly full Federal support for unmet health insurance promises is available from the Federal Government.  You should also know that the bill introduced by the proponents of this amendment provides that steel retirees will each receive a cash life insurance payment of $5,000. You may be thinking that is not very much life insurance. But multiplied by 600,000 that is $3 billion.  In conclusion, I would be remiss if I didn't reiterate that I believe this is a sympathetic group. But I don't know that it is so sympathetic that we will be able to afford their bad debts, all $13 billion of them. Why? because the transportation lobbyists will be here next thing you know asking that we cover their bad debts.  I urge my colleagues to vote against this proposal.  To vote for this amendment will doom the trade bill. We must examine proposals such as this carefully and deliberately, weighing the implications of our action.  Since most workers and retirees, including early retirees do not have any retiree health many policy questions are raised by this new Federal entitlement program.  The ``sunset'' of the Senator from West Virginia in this provision is simply a temporary bridge to permanent program.  I have many, many more concerns regarding this proposal. I will not go into them here.  Madam President, this is a very serious amendment. It does tremendous damage to the possibility of getting trade promotion authority to the President. I can better say this if I would read from some rough notes that I made in regard to a speech that my friend, Senator Baucus, made against the Gregg amendment on wage insurance when it was up last week. These are not direct quotes, but Senator Baucus made the best argument on the Gregg amendment that I can make against the amendment by the Senator from West Virginia.  First of all, you have to remember the words ``very balanced compromise,'' three words that Senator Baucus used. We have a very balanced compromise before us. We ought to think in these terms: If we want trade promotion authority to go to the President, we don't want to upset that balanced compromise.  A second point he made on the Gregg amendment is: I worked very hard to kill crippling amendments that would kill TPA.  This is one of those crippling amendments that could kill trade promotion authority.  He expressed in another statement his ``disappointment about the amendment before us,'' meaning the Gregg amendment, again upsetting a bipartisan compromise.  Then, lastly: If this amendment passes, there will be no bill.  That was said about the Gregg amendment. We defeated--Senator Baucus and I working together--the Gregg amendment on wage insurance. I worked to preserve that compromise, although a majority of my caucus was against it, the same way Senator Baucus has worked to kill a lot of amendments that have upset this compromise by being in the minority of his caucus.  What we are talking about is the center of the Senate. If anything is going to get done in the Senate on the controversial issue that we have before us--trade promotion authority, passing the House by a one-vote margin, 215-214--we are going to have to preserve the very balanced compromise that Senator Baucus and I have brought to the floor. Then we have the Senator from West Virginia with his amendment.  I think in the same way that Senator Baucus believed the Gregg amendment would upset this very carefully crafted compromise on trade promotion authority, the amendment of the Senator from West Virginia does the same thing. So that is the reason I ask for the defeat of this amendment.  I yield the floor.  