  I am pleased that the Finance Committee's bipartisan trade promotion legislation is now before the Senate. I believe strongly this legislation, more than any other, will promote America's constructive leadership of the international trading system. Nevertheless, my enthusiasm for the trade promotion authority component of the majority leader's legislation is tempered by the dismay that I have about how this process has been carried on.  Even though I believe strongly trade promotion authority is badly needed, and surely it ought to be passed by the Congress and signed into law, I regret we are being forced by the Democrat leadership's unnecessary counterproductive, sort of take it or leave it approach--it is kind of a partisan attitude in the taking up of trade promotion authority and doing it in this fashion.  When we passed trade promotion authority from the committee 4 months ago, the vote was 18 to 3. We did it in an open, cooperative, bipartisan spirit. I was greatly heartened by the bill itself and by the process in which we achieved a result that was good for America. But this bill before us, the one laid down by the Senate majority leader, is a much different story. I had hoped after bruising, partisan fights on economic stimulus, the Jordan trade bill, judicial nominations, and other issues, finally after those other issues that are very partisan, because we had an overwhelming vote in committee then in favor of trade promotion authority, that we would be able to show America's farmers, ranchers, agricultural producers, our workers in America's families and tens of millions of American consumers who benefit from free trade that we were beyond partisanship, able to do in a successful and short manner what the Senate has done on trade in the past, to be able to give the President the authority in this bill that Presidents since President Ford have had.  I hoped the Senate could put aside partisan differences and we could move forward for the good of the country and this bipartisan spirit would carry over into the consideration of trade promotion authority.  Unfortunately, because of the bill laid down last night, I am very sad to say I was wrong. Even after the Finance Committee approved trade promotion authority 18 to 3, it took 4 months before the Senate Democrat leadership would agree to bring this critically important bipartisan bill to the Senate floor. It took 4 months just to get a bill which passed out of committee by 18 to 3, to the floor, even though the President said time and again that the lack of trade negotiating authority was hurting his ability to lead at the negotiating table.  When we finally seemed to be making progress in getting trade authority legislation to the floor, we were told the only way we could have this debate--a debate that the American people deserve to have, particularly the jobs created by trade--was if we agreed to partisan trade adjustment assistance legislation with which many Members on our side of the aisle disagree.  I support trade adjustment assistance. I support an enhanced, updated, and fine-tuned trade adjustment assistance program. I have said that many times. In fact, the trade adjustment assistance legislation I support will more than double overall program spending because what I support will vastly increase spending on training to help the dislocated workers. My program adds health care coverage for the first time ever. It will assist so-called secondary workers for the first time ever.  What I find difficult to agree to, and many Members on my side of the aisle will not agree, is the partisan, ``my way or the highway'' approach taken in the bill laid down by the Democrat leadership. The bipartisan way is the best way to get things done in Washington. Somehow the Democrat leadership is not listening to either the people on my side of the aisle or the people on his side of the aisle who I know agree that we need a bipartisan approach. Others have been ignored, even beyond this body, groups representing tens of thousands of farmers, ranchers, and hard-working American families, those workers who have jobs related to trade, those jobs that will be created because we pass this bill and have enhanced trade.  I briefly quote from a letter to the majority leader printed as a full-page advertisement on April 11 in the Roll Call newspaper. This letter to the Senate majority leader was from the Agricultural Coalition for the Trade Promotion Authority, representing 80 food and agricultural groups dedicated to the passage of TPA.  In part, it says:       The strong bipartisanship that has historically prevailed      in the Senate on trade matters must be reestablished to allow      rapid action on trade promotion authority. We urge that this      bipartisanship extend to work on other trade-related      legislation that may need to move in tandem with trade      promotion authority so that the U.S. can regain its position      as world leader for free and fair trade, and in so doing open      a world of opportunity for U.S. agriculture.  That plea for bipartisanship on trade adjustment assistance is being ignored. My pleas for bipartisanship are being ignored, and so were those of many other Senators.  We have a divisive partisan product, laid down last night, a product deliberately designed to emphasize differences, not to build bridges between Republicans and Democrats, among people of different viewpoints. It was meant not to seek common ground, not to restore the traditional nonpartisan approach to international trade and foreign policy that characterized so much of America's history but otherwise put down to simply score partisan political points.  As disappointed as I am by the process that took place last night, I am still hopeful and commit myself to work for a genuine compromise. I happen to think it can still come together. I believe we can compromise and come together because America's global leadership is at stake. In other words, this is a very important bill.  I don't for 1 second believe any Senator would deliberately want to diminish America's standing in the world community. Stakes are very high. But that is what will happen if we don't restore the President's credibility at the negotiating table. And this bill that came out of the committee does that--not the bill before the Senate. The merits of the Finance Committee bipartisan trade promotion authority bill are so compelling that I believe we will ultimately be able to compromise on trade adjustment assistance.  I summarize the need for the Finance Committee TPA bill simply by saying the United States must be in a strong position to pursue our Nation's interests at the bargaining table. Without trade promotion authority, we are not in a strong position to accomplish that goal, it is just that simple.  Already the United States has been pushed to the sidelines, pushed to a point where a great deal of activity on the trade front has taken place bilaterally, it has taken place regionally, and now globally in new trade negotiations underway through the regime of the WTO.  There are many examples of how the United States is being left behind. The Andean community and Mercosur, for example, have moved closer to creating a South American free trade zone comprising 310 million people. Mercosur and the Andean community together have about $128 billion in annual exports. If they have a free trade zone, it will strengthen tremendously the economic power of Latin America and be negative towards the United States. Ifwe fail to give our President trade promotion authority and progress on negotiations of the free trade area of the Americas slows as a result, or comes to a halt as a result--and this is now the case--then major U.S. exporters will be at a major disadvantage in these important Latin American markets compared to exporters in countries that do have such trade agreements.  American suppliers seeking to sell in these Latin American countries are going to have a heck of a time to have a market for their goods that come from the United States. They will face other difficulties as well. Just one example from my State of Iowa, the Bandag company, in Muscatine, IA, makes and sells retreaded tires. That company is an enormously successful company, also in the international market. At one point in time, Bandag products went to Uruguay, Paraguay, and Argentina from our country. American workers made those products.  However, when the Mercorsur agreement was put into effect between Brazil and those other three countries, it became more viable for Bandag to ship product from a plant that Bandag built in Brazil. Those jobs and that investment as well did not stay in my State of Iowa or somewhere else in the United States. In fact, out of economic necessity, it went to Brazil. That is what happens if the United States is not credible at the negotiating table. That is what happens when the United States cannot lead in opening new markets and reducing tariffs overseas.  Without trade promotion authority, it is a story that will be told over and over again. This is our challenge, then. If we fail in this challenge, if we do not seize this opportunity to grant the President trade negotiating authority, I believe the process of opening global markets through bilateral, regional, and especially global negotiations--the process that has been the pattern for the last 50 years--will be set back for years.  If that happens, then the future prosperity of millions of Americans and the future prosperity of many of this Nation's most competitive businesses, and our farmers as well, will be put in doubt.  Even though this was a flawed process, and regrettably an unnecessarily divisive process, laying this bill down last night, it is never too late for us to do the right thing. Let us use the commitment to good faith that I believe we all share to reach a genuine and fair political compromise on trade adjustment assistance and to finally resolve the few remaining trade adjustment assistance issues--and maybe a few other issues--that are out there.  We can get this done. Senator Baucus and I have shown 98 other Senators that working together we can accomplish a great deal of good. He has been doing that with me. But I think the process last night detracts from it. Maybe it was not meant to hurt what we are trying to do, but I think it has done that.  I am glad that I will have the opportunity, regardless of this act, to continue to sit down with my colleague and work out differences. That is what I want all the other 98 Senators--or at least hopefully an overwhelming number, 70 or so--to do, work with us in this process. I think there are that many people in this body who know trade promotion authority is the right thing to do.  I yield the floor.  