 President, I will comment also on the tax relief bill signed by the President of the United States on June 7, the tax bill that Senator Baucus and I wrote in a bipartisan way, to get passed last year. I will concentrate on the stimulative impact on the tax bill of last year because now, being in a recession and being on another stimulus package, I don't think we ought to lose sight of the fact that the tax bill of last year is having some economic good at a time most needed, in a time of recession.  It does contain a significant number of tax reduction and tax relief provisions that will go into effect and should help build consumer confidence. Part of the economy may be uncertain, but the tax outlook is clear: Under the law we passed, Federal income taxes have declined and will continue to decline over the next 10 years. Taxpayers can take that knowledge to the bank, regardless of Senator Kennedy's suggestion that we not allow the remaining provisions of the tax bill to go into effect.  Obviously, I don't think Congress should stop here. Our huge economy needs a shot in the arm. The tax bill of last year will help to provide that shot in the arm. It contains a generous amount of relief for individual taxpayers. Some of the measure's tax cuts went into effect last year and many other provisions became effective January 1 of this year. Those are the provisions I will address.  There is a new 10-percent rate bracket. The act created a new 10-percent regular income tax bracket for a part of taxable income that had otherwise been taxed at a higher rate of 15 percent. The 10-percent bracket applies to the first $6,000 of taxable income for single individuals; $10,000 of taxable income for heads of household; and $12,000 for married couples filing jointly. This is effective beginning after December 31, 2000. That money is out there to stimulate the economy right now, but it will continue this year and next year and into the future.  We had a reduction in other individual tax rates, the regular income tax rates phased down over 6 years. So effective July 1 of last year through 2003, the 28-percent rate is cut to 27 percent. We hope in this economic stimulus package to speed that one rate up, it be reduced to 25 percent right now to help middle-income taxpayers and to stimulate the economy at the same time. However, as written in last year's tax bill, the 31-percent rate is cut to 30 percent right now. The 36-percent rate is cut to 35 percent right now. The 39.6-percent rate is cut to 38.6 percent.  Eventually, all these separate rates, after this phase-in period is done, will become 25 percent, 28 percent, 33 percent, and 35 percent, respectively.  An increase and expansion of the child tax credit is surely going to help families, particularly middle-income families, particularly those in the $30,000-a-year income tax range, with their family needs, putting more money in their pockets. It is going to be a stimulus to the economy. The child credit was expanded to $600 per child, immediately through the year 2004; it goes up to $700 through the year 2008; $800 through the year 2009; and finally, $1,000 in 2010. But, more important, the child credit was made refundable to the extent of 10 percent of the taxpayer's earned income in excess of $10,000 for the years 2001 through 2004, and this is increased to 15 percent after the year 2005.  I emphasize that because of all the people who say the Tax Relief Act of last year was for the wealthy. A refundable credit is helping people of the lower income tax bracket very much. For example, in the year 2001, a single mother with two children, making $15,000, received a credit of $500. This single mother likely now will receive a bigger tax refund check when she files her 2001 tax return by April 15. This expansion of the child credit will ensure that millions of low-income families, not rich people, will now receive the benefit of this child credit. For those people who spend so much of their income, maybe all of it in some cases, they are going to have more money to spend, and that is going to stimulate the economy.  Then we have the extension and expansion of the adoption tax credit, not so much as a stimulus to the economy but because stable families are very important to our society. Moving children out of foster care into a home where they can actually have a mom and dad is very important social policy. So we move the tax credit from $5,000 to $10,000. Today, in the case of the special needs child, that tax credit is $6,000. This provision significantly eases the financial burden of adoption and encourages adoption. This is in effect for taxable income starting this year.  We have a tax credit, then, for employers who provide child care for their employees. In my State of Iowa, 72 percent of the households have both spouses working, the highest percentage of any State in the Nation. For those families who have children, the need for dependable child care is very important. Getting that from the employer is even better for those families. So this new tax credit provides an incentive for employer-provided on-site daycare facilities. This is effective for taxable years beginning right now.  We have marriage penalty relief, and it relates to the earned-income tax credit. That earned-income tax credit, which is available only to low-income families, phases out for married couples. We increased that phaseout by $1,000 immediately and ultimately increase it to $3,000. So those families who would otherwise have that earned-income tax credit phased out, not having the money, not being able to stimulate the economy, now are going to have up to another $1,000 immediately available. Again, being low-income families, that ought to help stimulate the economy starting right now for the year we are in.  Mr. President, I see the Senator from Vermont. Is it possible for me to have another 5 minutes?  