 President, I am not going to debate the Senator from Minnesota, but I am going to raise some questions he may want to answer.  First of all, our bill, the bipartisan trade promotion bill that is before us, does provide for a study on the impact of trade on the economy and jobs and things of that nature. So, quite obviously, we are not opposed to studies that are within the bill.  The Senator from Minnesota wants to be a little more specific, give direction to the study. And I suppose those directions and those studies are something that I will want to have him answer some questions about what his intent is.  I also surmise that the Senator from Minnesota probably will not vote for trade promotion authority. That doesn't make his efforts to amend the bill illegitimate in any way, but there are a lot of amendments that could be adopted that probably will not get the support, in the final analysis, of the Senator from Minnesota.  One of the things we need to remember is that trade is all about jobs. For instance, the whole movement of the last seven decades started with the bad economic impact of protectionism all over the world. It started in the UnitedStates with the Smoot-Hawley Act. I don't know that it was intended to be a bad piece of legislation. Probably the people who got it passed thought they were doing the right thing for the country. It bred protectionism all over the world.  Everybody knows what happened in the 1930s, the tremendous movement toward protectionism. World trade shut down and, consequently, the world economy shut down. The Great Depression was a worldwide depression. It wasn't long afterward, a new President came in, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and a new Congress, and they had a rude awakening to the bad impact of protectionism.  We have heard Senators give the history, so I will not go into it. Starting in the mid-1930s, with the Trade Reciprocity Act that passed Congress and, under the President's authority, the ability to reduce tariffs when it was reciprocally done by other countries, it was a pattern from the mid-1930s until the present setup of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade that went into effect in 1947, followed by the World Trade Organization in 1994. But that whole regime that started in 1947 was building on what started in the mid-1930s with trade reciprocity to bring down tariff and nontariff trade barriers to enhance the world economy and to create jobs.  Trade is all about jobs. I keep referring to what President Clinton said about the expansion of jobs in his 8 years as President: 22 million jobs. He said one-third of them came because of foreign trade. The reason he could say that is he negotiated the final agreements on the North American Free Trade Agreement and on the Uruguay Round of GATT. So 22 million jobs, one-third, approximately 7 million jobs--7 million jobs--President Clinton said, were created as a result of trade.  I hope everybody understands that there are leaders in the Democratic Party and leaders in the Republican Party who think trade is good for America and it creates jobs. They are good-paying jobs that pay 15 percent above the national average; some people would say somewhere between 13 percent and 19 percent above the national average. We are not talking about flipping hamburgers at McDonald's; we are talking about good jobs.  You have to put this debate in the context of what the history of the world economy has been in the last 70 years and what has happened in the United States to create jobs as well. In my State of Iowa, at John Deere, one out of every five jobs on the assembly line is related to trade. At 3M Company, Knoxville, IA, 40 percent is related to trade. I could go on and on. It is probably more true in Minnesota than my State of Iowa, jobs related to trade.  The Senator's amendment doesn't undo anything we have in the bill. He asks for a study. There is nothing wrong with intellectually honest approaches to reviewing public policy. Senator Baucus and I believe that is important. We have a study in our bill.  With that background, I would like to raise some questions with the Senator that he might want to answer or might not want to answer. As I understand it, the amendment would replace language in our bill which requires the President to review the impact of future trade agreements on U.S. employment and report to the Ways and Means Committee and to the Senate Finance Committee on these reviews.  The amendment of the Senator from Minnesota expands upon this report, requiring the President to take into account the impact on job security, the level of compensation of new jobs and existing jobs, the displacement of employment, and the regional distribution of employment in conducting this review. The amendment requires the President to utilize experience from previous international trade agreements and to use, in the words of the amendment, ``alternative models of employment analysis.''  My question on that point would be: How is the President, in conducting the report, going to take into account the impact on job security? How is he going to take into account the level of compensation of new jobs and existing jobs?  Obviously, there is some data for that, as I indicated by the 15 percent figure I used that trade-related jobs pay above the national average. But does the Senator from Minnesota want to take more than those things into account that are already out there? Whatever the Senator from Minnesota wants the President to take into account, is that data available? What is the relevance of requiring the President to take into account the regional distribution of employment? Is providing jobs in one part of the country more important than jobs in another part of the country, if the overall economic wealth of our Nation is enhanced?  When President Clinton said one-third of the jobs created in the 8 years of his Presidency were related to trade, he didn't say it benefited Massachusetts much more than California, or much more Minnesota than it did the southern part of the United States. We are a national economy.  I might also ask the Senator to explain, what are alternative models of employment analysis? In other words, how do his alternative models of employment analysis differ from what might be the present models of employment analysis or maybe what you might call other models that are in use, or maybe there is a standard model out there? And have these alternative models of employment analysis been used by other nations, or in any venue, for that matter, to evaluate trade agreements? I think it is important that we know how they have been used. The Senator would want answers to these questions to be part of the Record in case his amendment is adopted so that we can have a basis for the direction of the study. But we cannot be opposed to intellectually honest approaches to getting information and analyzing the policies we make. But we want to make sure there is a basis for producing the information that the Senator from Minnesota wants.  I am going to stop there. I have raised some questions about it without taking a position for or against the amendment at this particular point.  