  So, obviously, this is going to help stimulate the economy because this $1,000 is going to go to low-income families who do not have very much discretionary income and can use it to improve their lot. But at the same time it will stimulate the economy--whether it is spent or whether they save it.  We have improvements in the education savings accounts, or what we might call education individual retirement accounts, individual education IRAs. The annual limit on contributions to the education savings account increases from $500 to $2,000. The definition of qualified education expenses that may be paid tax free from the education savings account is expanded to include elementary and secondary school expenses. The phaseout ranges--for married taxpayers filing joint returns, it is increased to become twicethe rate of single taxpayers, so more families can take advantage of this. Corporations and other entities, including tax-exempt groups, are permitted to make contributions to education savings accounts. These changes are effective right now, this taxable year.  Then we have expanded consideration of prepaid tuition programs. Several provisions will encourage participation in prepaid tuition programs for higher education. Investment gains will be tax free, and private colleges and universities happen to be offering these plans. This provision goes into effect now.  There is an exclusion for employer-provided educational assistance. This extends the exclusion to graduate education and makes the exclusion for undergraduate and graduate education permanent, effective right now.  Then we have improvement in the student loan interest deduction. This eliminates the 60-month limit on the deduction of interest from a student loan. The income phaseout ranges, for eligibility for the student loan interest deduction, increasing it from $50,000 to $65,000 for individuals and from $100,000 to $130,000 for married taxpayers on joint returns. We repeal the restriction that voluntary payments of interest are not deductible. These provisions are effective right now.  Then we have tax benefits for governmental bonds for public school construction. These benefits are effective for bonds issued starting this year.  There is a deduction for college tuition, a provision allowing above-the-line deduction for college tuition expenses. It is intended to help low- and middle-income families pay for college.  In the years 2002 and 2003, individuals with adjusted gross incomes of $65,000 may deduct $3,000. In the years 2004 and 2005, for those same individuals it would be $4,000. In the case of taxpayers with adjusted gross income that does not exceed $80,000, the deduction would be $2,000.  I just read a lot of provisions that were taken from the tax bill. I started my remarks by talking about the stimulus impact of the tax bill we passed 7 months ago, the impact it is going to have at a time of recession. People might raise some question about the education provisions to which I just referred, of their stimulative impact. In a time of recession, obviously beyond the good that education does generally to help people in their lives in the future, we have a situation where maybe in a recession, families would shy away from going to college--their kids going to college, or adults, independent adults going to college. As they look at the provisions of last year's tax bill and the benefits that come from it, they might see the advantage of continuing their education, even at a time of recession.  Any of that money that is spent as a result of that would obviously have some impact as stimulus in the economy. But for the long haul, it is a stimulus, too, because as people are better educated, they are more productive; they earn more money. It helps the long-term recovery of our economy.  I want to make some reference to the estate and gift tax provisions. These have a beneficial impact, but they are not entirely stimulative for right now. Again, we have small business people who tend to be the most harmed by not being able to pass on the family business to their next generation. There is always a lot of anxiety during times of recession and during times of economic downturn.  We ought to do whatever we can to relieve the anxiety of small business people who are under very tough constraints because of the recession. We ought to relieve that anxiety to the greatest extent possible.  It gives me a chance to say what Senator Kyl said just before I took the floor; that is, that we have an opportunity on this economic stimulative package to make sure that the estate tax provisions of the bill the President signed last June be made permanent.  I am going to yield the floor at this point. I thank my colleagues for their attention to some provisions of an old story--the tax bill of last year, a tax bill that is going to have beneficial impacts well into the future but, most importantly, has some impact right now as we are in a time of recession.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Clinton). The Senator from Vermont.  