 President, I am strongly opposed to this amendment, for two reasons.  First, the amendment would disrupt the bipartisan balance we achieved in the Finance Committee on Trade Promotion Authority. Republicans and Democrats looked carefully at all the issues, especially the issues relating to Congressional notification and consultation, and approved a bill that, overall, goes farther in terms of congressional oversight and consultation than we have ever gone in fast-rack legislation.  The second reason I oppose this amendment is that it would essentiallystrip the Finance Committee of much of its traditional authority and jurisdiction over the trade policy oversight function.  According to this proposed provision, none of the proposed eight members of the Congressional Oversight Group may be members of the Senate Finance Committee.  Under this amendment, more than twenty percent of the Senate would be shut out from direct oversight of how trade negotiations subject to fast-track procedures are being conducted.  In that regard, this is a very radical amendment.  It strikes me as extremely unusual, to say the very least, that the Finance Committee, which wrote and passed the bipartisan trade promotion authority bill in the first place, would be given almost no role whatever in the oversight process once trade promotion authority becomes law.  I say almost no role, because some Finance Committee members--those few who are congressional advisers for trade policy--would apparently have some limited role, in that the cochairmen of the Congressional Oversight Group are required to meet with them ``regularly''.  Mr. President, this is not the way that oversight of trade policy should be conducted.  I don't believe that any member of a Senate Committee--especially the Finance Committee--should be automatically excluded from the entity that the Senate establishes to review and monitor trade negotiations.  But that is exactly what this amendment does.  Do the proponents of this amendment mean that we can't trust Members of the Finance Committee to do the job the jurisdiction of their committee confers on them?  It appears that is exactly what this means.  This is not just bad policy.  Specifically excluding Senators from serving in any oversight capacity would also set a terrible precedent.  The congressional oversight process that Senator Baucus and I designed in the bipartisan trade promotion authority bill is a good one, and it should be preserved.  Mr. President, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject this amendment.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  