 President, I thank Senator Baucus for how he has worked in a team with those of us who worked this compromise out to defeat a lot of crippling amendments. I see this as the last crippling amendment. Senator Baucus and my colleagues on this side of the aisle have already made strong arguments why the amendment ought to be defeated. I add my thoughts to theirs.  Senator Baucus and I took great care to address concerns raised about potential abuse of the investor-state dispute process. At the same time, the bill recognizes that protecting U.S. citizens abroad is also an extremely important objective.  This amendment threatens to undermine the bill's careful balance in two ways.  First, it ignores the delicate political compromises needed to pass this bill. In doing so, it jeopardizes passage of both trade adjustment assistance and trade promotion authority.  Second, the bill undermines the careful substantive balance outlined in the bill. Under the guise of protecting Government's ability to apply health, environmental and safety regulations, it takes away the rights of U.S. citizens to receive a fair and impartial hearing when their property is confiscated overseas.  Let me give you an example. In 1972, the Pakistani Government nationalized ten schools belonging to the Presbyterian Church of America. For thepast 30 years, the Presbyterian Church has been trying to recover their investment. Even after the Pakistani Supreme Court ruled in 1992 that the state could not take their land, Pakistan continued to deny the church its property.  It should not take 30 years for a church to recover its own property, but that is what the current state of play in too many parts of the world. And that is why we need strong investor-state dispute settlement procedures. Let me give another example.  Nearly 30 years ago, Richard Bell, a U.S. citizen living in Costa Rica, had his property expropriated by the Costa Rican Government for a national park. Despite assurances from several Costa Rican administrations that the matter would be resolved, it took until October 2001 before Costa Rica entered into a framework agreement with Mr. Bell to submit the issue to arbitration. And that agreement would never have been reached without hundreds of hours of U.S. government assistance. Mr. Bell declined to use the Costa Rican courts due to extensive delays associated with the judicial system. In hindsight, 10 years in the judicial system does not seem so bad.  Not every country in the world provides quick access to justice like the United States. The amendment would hurt our ability to help these citizens. And I think that is a mistake.  As Stuart Eizenstat, former deputy Secretary of the Treasury during the Clinton administration wrote recently in an editorial:       By demanding that the Senate both reduce investors'      protection against expropriation and force investors to      obtain permission to file claims before tribunals, the      critics would strip U.S. investors of key protections and      potentially to politicize the dispute settlement process.  The ability of U.S. citizens to invest abroad and foreign citizens to invest in the United States is not something to be taken for granted. For the last 25 years, each successive administration has recognized that it is critical to negotiate strong, objective and fair investment protections in our international agreements to continue to promote such investment. These traditional investment protections are largely based on U.S. law and policy and established international law.  The bill carefully balances concerns about the investor-state dispute settlement process without weakening core investment rules that serve America's interests. The degree of support for the final product is demonstrated by a strong bipartisan committee vote of 18 to 3 in favor of the bill.  I urge my colleagues not to upset this careful balance. Again, let me quote from a recent editorial by Stuart Eizenstat:       The Senate should approve the Baucus-Grassley Fast Track      bill without delay and should resist attempts to weaken      investment protection rules that embody core values of the      United States: respect for private property,      nondiscrimination, and the right to appear before an      independent and impartial tribunal.  This amendment undermines these core values. I urge my colleagues to reject it.  