 President, once again, repeating what my colleague from Montana has said, this part of this legislation, not only in the Senate but also in the House of Representatives, is so carefully balanced, bringing in the labor and environmental issues, if you do something to pick up one vote on the liberal end, we lose a vote on the conservative end.  I ask my colleagues to not in any way upset that balance. That is why this amendment should be defeated.  The Senator from Connecticut is always a very sincere Senator on any subject. He presents his case well. This is one place where his ideas may be well for the country of Jordan, where we do $40 million a year in business, but it is not good idea when we look globally at negotiations with 142 countries. We cannot use the country of Jordan necessarily as a pattern for the whole organization.  I am strongly opposed to this amendment. I think anyone who wants this President to get trade promotion authority, or trade adjustment assistance for that matter, should be too.  Basically, the amendment takes the very carefully crafted House to compromise language on labor and Add-to it language negotiated by the Clinton administration in a bilateral agreement with Jordan.  In my view this is not thoughtful trade policy. If this language is intended as a broad policy statement, it is unnecessary.  The negotiating objectives in the bipartisan compromise already capture the key trade and labor provisions of the U.S. Jordan Free Trade Agreement.  Taken literally, the language dictates the specific details of future labor provisions--saying that they have to look almost exactly like our bilateral trade agreement with Jordan. This simply does not make sense.  The labor text negotiated with Jordan is not a one-size fits all way to address all labor issues with every U.S. trade partner, nor was it designed to be. The President will be negotiating regional, multilateral, and bilateral agreements using trade promotion authority. Any one of these may require a different approach to labor issues. He needs the flexibility to address labor issues in a variety of situations.  That is what the bipartisan TPA bill does. In fact, I would say if you really want to improve worker rights around the world, you should support the bipartisan compromise. There is more in this bill designed to improve labor rights than any TPA bill that has passed the Senate.  For the first time every, the ``core labor standards'' of the ILO will be referenced in U.S. trade negotiating objectives. Further, the bill directs the President to seek a commitment by other governments to effectively enforce their labor laws. These provisions will encourage countries to improve their labor laws, without infringing on their sovereignty.  The bill also directs the President to seek to strengthen the capacity of trading partners to promote core labor standards.  In addition, the Secretary of Labor will be directed to consult with any country seeking a trade agreement with the United States concerning that country's labor law. U.S. technical assistance will be available to help other countries raise their labor standards.  Whenever the President seeks to implement a trade agreement with a country, he will submit a report to the Congress describing the extent to which that country has laws in place to govern the exploitation of child labor. This will focus attention on any problems which will help direct appropriate resources to solve these problems.  Requiring a one-size fits all policy like this amendment does is not going to enhance labor rights. It will upset the careful political balance incorporated into the bipartisan TPA Act and kill the very bill that is best equipped to improve worker rights.  If you want this bill or TAA to ultimately make it to the President's desk, I urge you to oppose this amendment.  There is a fundamental truth about trade that a lot of Senators who are trying to amend this bill ignore--trade in of itself can lift people out of poverty and improve worker rights around the world.  It is no coincidence that the wealthiest nations on Earth are those who embrace trade. And these are the nations that are most likely to have the highest labor standards in the world. The fact is, by passing this bill we can help poorer nations grow.  Trade promotion authority will help us establish trading relationships with many developing nations. The poorest countries in the world desperately want the United States to trade with them and invest in them.  Open trade and investment have helped to raise more than 100 million people out of poverty in the last decade, with the fastest reductions in poverty coming in East Asian countries that were most actively involved in trade. We can see similar results in the next decade if we pass this bill.  A recent report by the World Bank called ``Global Economic Prospects and the Developing Countries'' shows this to be true. According to this study, a new WTO trade agreement could lift 300 million people out of poverty. Helping nations help themselves is surely a better path to global prosperity than mandates.  The Senator from Connecticut stated several times in his remarks that if you vote against his amendment, then you are voting against the opportunity to do something about slave labor, child labor, and prison labor. This assertion is simply wrong.  The United States already has standards relating to internationally recognized worker rights. We have had these standards for a number of years. In fact, U.S. standards on worker rights are nearly identical to the ILO standards that Senator Dodd wants to put into the Finance Committee's trade bill.  For example:  The First ILO standard relates to freedom of association. This is also the same standard the U.S. recognizes.  The second ILO standard relates to the right to bargain collectively. This is the same standard we recognize.  The third ILO standard relates to forced, slave, or bonded labor. This is exactly the same standard that we recognize.  The ILO's fourth standard related to child labor. The fourth United States worker rights standard also relates to child labor.  So to say that the United States needs ILO standards on worker rights because we aren't currently doing anything about these issues, or because wedon't have the ability to do anything about the problems addressed by these standards, is simply wrong.  I again urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and support the bipartisan compromise.  I move to table the amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Stabenow). Is there a sufficient second?  There is a sufficient second.  The question is agreeing to the motion.  The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk called the roll.  