 I am pleased to be a cosponsor of Senator Rockefeller's bill, and I think it is important legislation. As you probably know, I have spent a fair number of hours on a farm in my life, and I can tell you that telecommunications are absolutely a crucial lifeline to rural areas, and we must ensure that rural areas of the country are not left behind as the state of the art evolves. I think that is what is happening now--the state of the art is evolving, and rural areas are being left behind. In urban areas, we have wonderful broadband systems where you can type at your computer and have a little TV screen going up in one corner. A lot of people here watch the Senate floor right from their computers as they work, which makes our work easier and more productive. In rural areas that kind of capability generally doesn't exist. And we just can't allow two different telecom standards for urban and rural areas. That would be like urban areas having telephones and rural areas not having telephones. What kind of country would we be if that were the case? So I think this legislation is very important.  I want to point out one provision in this bill which will be extremely important to rural areas, and that is one involving telephone cooperatives. Anybody from a rural State knows the importance that coops play in making sure no one goes unserved. There are some places that are so scarcely populated that the big publicly-owned companies can't justify the investment to their shareholders. So who gets the job done in those places? By and large, it's the telephone coops. And they do a great job, and we need to make sure we support them in their effort. But, of course, telephone coops are tax exempt organizations. So the question arises, if they don't pay taxes, how will they benefit from a tax credit? But this bill has found a way to let them take advantage of the benefit. How so? Through the so-called, ``85-15'' rule. The tax code requires that at least 85 percent of a telephone coops' income be used to pay losses and expenses. So this bill exempts from income the amount of broadband credit a coop would get if it were a taxable company. That encourages coops to make broadband investments because, if they do, then they will get help meeting the 85 percent rule. I think that makes a lot of sense and is good tax policy. It both encourages a crucial infrastructure investment, and simplifies the tax law for coops, which is an importannt thing to do anytime we can.  So with that, just let me say again that I support this legislation, and I will work with Chairman Baucus and Senator Rockefeller and the other members here today to pass it.  