 President, after the holiday season it is good to be back to do the people's business in the Senate. We have a lot of unfinished business, and we need to do some of this unfinished business right now.  I think the American people are looking for the bipartisanship of the post-September 11 environment to continue. I think they are hopeful that a lot of very important legislation will pass, and I hope they are in a position of helping all of us reject political posturing and dueling with press statements. The American people really want results. I guess one would say they want action, not words.  Yet we adjourned before the holidays before we could take steps necessary to aid our economy. We did not pass an economic stimulus bill, and we did not pass Trade Promotion Authority. We must do better. We need to pass both of these because they are very central to stimulating the economy, which we always think of being short term, but with the President's authority to negotiate trade agreements, we can have a long-term revival of the economy.  I emphasize trade by often quoting President Clinton, who said one-third of the jobs created during his administration were created by trade, which means trade is very important to the betterment of our economy. Generally, trade-related jobs are very good, higher paying jobs.  So we did not pass a stimulus package and we did not pass trade promotion authority, although there was bipartisan support for both. There was overwhelming bipartisan support for trade promotion authority, as that bill was reported out of our Finance Committee 18 to 3. So since we did not pass these, I believe we need to do better.  Last week, President Bush was in Louisiana where he called upon the Senate to pass Trade Promotion Authority as a necessary part of our economic recovery. He also spoke on this issue near my State of Iowa, across the river in Illinois, in what we call the Quad Cities of our State. He was in Moline, IL, to promote trade promotion authority legislation and economic development legislation.  President Bush said, as President Clinton has said, that trade is very much a jobs issue. He said if we trade more, there are more jobs available for hard-working Americans. He is as right as President Clinton was right on this very issue.  Trade is essential to our economy. The United States exported over $780 billion in goods and services to more than 200 foreign markets last year. Exports provide more than one-fourth of all economic growth in America. Trade is a very important part of our economy generally over a long period of time, at least for the last 50 years. In the case of the post-September 11 recession, it is very important to our long-term economic recovery.  Of course, President Bush knows that trade is an important part of our economic recovery, and that is why he called upon the Senate of the United States to put our political parties aside and focus on what is best for the United States of America and the American people.  As I said, we did act on this issue in the Finance Committee before the holidays. We came together in a bipartisan way and, in a vote of 18 to 3, voted out trade promotion authority. The key to the strong bipartisan vote can be found in one word, and that one word is ``compromise.''  Let me be clear. The trade promotion authority bill that passed the Senate Finance Committee is a good bill. It deserves our support. In negotiating that bill with the chairman of the committee, my friend Senator Baucus, we included some items I may not like, but that is the essence of compromise. Neither one of us got everything we wanted, but we put aside our differences to do what is right for the American people. We came together, Democrat and Republican, and passed a good bill out of the Finance Committee that will help create jobs in America. Trade-related jobs, as everybody knows, pay 15 percent above our national average.  For that compromise, I commend Senator Baucus. Now we need to do the same thing in the full Senate. We need to do it, and hopefully do it very quickly. The reason for doing it very quickly is that starting, I believe the date is February 7, there are negotiations following on the new round that was agreed to by the 142 nations of the World Trade Organization last November in Doha, Qatar, a new round, and the negotiations would start next month.  We can start those negotiations without passing this bill, but the President will never be credible in these negotiations with the other 142 nations unless the President has this trade promotion authority. So we need to do this, and hopefully not have the partisan bickering we have had on some legislation, so we can get it done very soon.  Trade promotion authority to the President is not only key to our economic recovery but is also a very important tool which helps us help other nations in the world, especially poorer countries, and maybe was best said by President Kennedy 40 years ago when he said trade, not aid, is the leadership the United States ought to take in the way of helping other nations.  We have been giving aid since then, but the long-term benefit is helping another country to help itself, and the ability for them to sell their goods to us and for us in turn to sell our goods to them is very good. It not only is good economically, but I think it brings about a closeness of people around the world, of different societies, of different nations, so we have a greater prospect for peace. That should not be forgotten as well. Although we always talk about this in economic terms, we ought to think in terms of other things it does as well.  So it helps us help poorer countries in a way that helps them to help themselves. It creates jobs. It helps lift people out of poverty. Poverty is our enemy. Poverty leads people in the wrong path, towards war, political instability, religious fanaticism.  Following World War II, we stabilized Europe through the Marshall Plan and economic development. We won the cold war through our economic strength. Now we are fighting the war on terrorism. We need to keep up strong international economic leadership and bring more nations of the world into democracy and prosperity.  The President's political leadership, as our chief diplomat, does that. He does that through his leadership as our Commander in Chief. Also, the President can do this as our chief trade negotiator and know that he not only wants political leadership in the United States, he wants the United States to give economic leadership and do it in a way to help other countries help themselves and have long-term economic recovery. Trade helps America do all these things, and trade promotion authority for President Bush is the key. There is really no reason to wait.  The bill has strong bipartisan support. It will pass the Senate by a strong margin. That is why I urge today, as I have in several speeches over the last month, that our distinguished majority leader put trade promotion authority on the floor for a vote in February. There is no reason to wait on trade promotion authority. There is no need to waste time in giving the President the authority he needs to open new markets and create new jobs for the American people.  By passing trade promotion authority early this year, the Senate will help the President spur economic growth and continue our world economic leadership, as well as military and political leadership. We will create new jobs.  In this time of war on terrorism, it seems when a lot of people are pleading, and probably rightly so, that a lot of fanaticism comes when poverty is present, we will help fight terrorism by bringing more nations into democracy and prosperity.  It is time to get the job done. The American people expect no less.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Miller). The Senator from Oregon, Mr. Smith.  