 President Bush says that we need to move these nominees swiftly and fairly. He wants our support for his nominees. I agree. The Senate needs to act to fill these vacancies and ensure that the Federal courts are operating at full strength.  Right now, President Bush has sent a number of extremely qualified men and women to the Senate for consideration to the Federal bench. But unfortunately, many of these outstanding individuals are still waiting for a hearing by the Senate Judiciary Committee, I believe 47 nominees are still pending. We need to move these judicial nominations quickly, because they are all good men and women.  I want to talk about a few facts and figures. We've heard a lot of numbers being thrown around by both the Democrats and the Republicans about who delayed who the longest, who denied hearings to whom, and on and on, so we are left in a numbers daze. I get dizzy from all the numbers. But this what I think is the bottom line. When President Bush Sr., left office, he had 54 nominees pending with a Democratic Senate. The vacancy rate was 11.5 percent. When President Clinton left office, he had 41 nominees pending with a Republican Senate. The vacancy rate was 7.9 percent. So the way I see it, Senate Republicans gave the Democratic President a better deal. The other bottom line is that a year, 365 days, after President Bush nominated his first 11 circuit court nominees, only 3 have been confirmed. By contrast, each of the 3 previous Presidents enjoyed a 100 percent confirmation rate on their first 11 circuit nominees, and they were all confirmed within a year. The way I see it, President Bush is getting the short end of the stick with his nominees.  I'd like to talk about some of President Bush's nominees, specifically the 8 nominees of the 11 original circuit court nominees sent up last May who are still pending without action. Today a full year has gone by, 365 days, with only 3 of President Bush's first 11 nominees having seen any action at all. And of those 3, I understand 2 were judges previously nominated by President Clinton. The Senate needs to do better than that. These individuals of exceptional experience, intellect and character deserve to be treated fairly and considered by the Senate promptly.  Let me say a few words about each of these nominees. I know that some of my colleagues may have already given many details about these individuals, but I think that it is important that Americans see what quality individuals President Bush has sent up to the Senate. These individuals have all excelled in their legal careers and I'm sure, if confirmed, they will all make excellent judges.  Judge Terrence Boyle is President Bush's nominee for the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. He is currently the Chief Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina, appointed by President Reagan in 1984. He has served in this post with distinction. He was nominated to the Fourth Circuit in 1991 by President Bush Sr., but he did not receive a hearing from the Democrat-controlled Judiciary Committee.  Justice Deborah Cook is President Bush's nominee to the Sixth CircuitCourt of Appeals. After graduation from law school, Justice Cook became the first female attorney hired at the oldest law firm in Akron, OH, and just 5 years later, she was named a partner. She then served on the Ohio Court of Appeals for 4 years, and in 1994 she became a justice on the Ohio Supreme Court. Her pro bono work is laudable: Judge Cook is a founder and trustee of a mentored college scholarship program in Akron, and I understand she and her husband personally fund efforts to help inner-city children go to college.  Miguel Estrada is one of President Bush's nominees to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. He has an incredible story, having immigrated to the United States when he was young without even speaking English, to then graduate with honors from Columbia College and Harvard Law School. He clerked for the Second Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court, then served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York, where he became Deputy Chief of the Appellate Section in the Office. Mr. Estrada acted as Assistant to the Solicitor General for 5 years in both the Bush and Clinton administrations. If he is confirmed, Mr. Estrada would be the first Hispanic judge on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.  Michael McConnell is President Bush's nominee to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. He graduated from the University of Chicago Law School and then clerked for Judge Skelly Wright on the D.C. Circuit, and Justice William J. Brennan on the U.S. Supreme Court. Professor McConnell was a tenured professor at the University of Chicago Law School for more than a decade before accepting the Presidential Professorship at the University of Utah College of Law in 1997. He has earned the reputation of being one of the top constitutional scholars in the country.  Justice Priscilla Owen is President Bush's nominee to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. Justice Owen spent 17 years as a litigator with a top Houston law firm. Currently, Ms. Owen is serving her 7th year as Associate Justice on the Texas Supreme Court, she is only the second woman ever to sit on that bench. She has great professional credentials, and has demonstrated a strong commitment to her community.  John Roberts is President Bush's other outstanding nominee to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. He is one of the most qualified and respected appellate lawyers in the country. Mr. Roberts has had a distinguished record in private practice, and he has performed a significant amount of pro bono legal service. He also served as Deputy Solicitor General of the United States. Mr. Roberts' background in public office and private office are outstanding.  Judge Dennis Shedd is President Bush's nominee to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. He has a long and admirable record of public service, both in the legislature and in the Federal courts, as well as in private practice and academia. Judge Shedd worked as the Chief Counsel and Staff Director for the Senate Judiciary Committee under then-Chairman Strom Thurmond. He was appointed a district court judge for the District of South Carolina in 1990, where he has served with distinction.  Jeffrey Sutton is President Bush's nominee to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. Mr. Sutton clerked for Justices Scalia and Powell on the U.S. Supreme Court, then spent three distinguished years as Solicitor for the State of Ohio. Since that time, Jeffrey Sutton has worked in private practice and served as an adjunct professor of law at the Ohio State University College of Law.  These eight outstanding nominees are still waiting for a hearing, even though they are some of the most respected judges and lawyers and professors in the country. They have excellent qualifications, are of high moral character, and will serve our country well. They all have ratings of ``well qualified'' or ``qualified'' by the American Bar Association, the so-called ``gold standard'' by the Democrats on the Judiciary Committee. It's clear that the Senate Judiciary Committee needs to do its job and schedule them for a hearing and markup.  Let's give these good men and women what they deserve, to be treated with respect. They need a prompt hearing and markup. They have waited too long. The Senate has to act. Like the President said, the American people deserve better.  