 President, today, with the announcement that the Federal Government is facing near-term budget deficits, as opposed to long-term budget deficits, for the next2 or 3 years, but not for the next 10 years, we will hear a lot of talk from the critics about the need to postpone or repeal last year's bipartisan tax cut. The critics say we should revisit the tax cut for two reasons. First, they claim the tax cut is responsible for a return of budget deficits; second, the critics claim the tax cut will jeopardize our long-term economic growth. I will consider each of these claims.  According to the CBO projections, the tax cut is responsible for less than 15 percent of the reduction in this year's surplus and less than 40 percent of the reduction in the surpluses for the 10 years we project ahead. The slowdown in our economy and the additional spending enacted last year are responsible for most of the deterioration in our budget outlay. The second criticism is that the tax cut will reduce the surplus, thereby exerting upward pressure on interest rates and reduce future economic growth.  A recent study by the congressional Joint Economic Committee concludes there is no evidence to support the criticism that interest rates rise because there is budget surplus or that there is a relationship.  According to the Joint Economic Committee:       Empirical studies on interest rates have uniformly failed      to find any statistical significant relationship between      interest rates and the budget balance of the U.S. government.  This result is likely due to the fact that the deficits we have seen in the past were not large enough to affect the interest rates given the overall size of our financial markets which would also include the global financial markets.  If the tax cut is not responsible for the rising deficits and higher interest rates, then why do the critics still complain? Maybe they have not read the studies to which I have referred.  Based on the studies, I asked critics the legitimate question, What is there to complain about? One reason I believe they want to delay repeal of the tax cuts is because they have a desire to spend the money, which, in the end, actually, then, if you spend it, because you increase taxes, you still do not have any less deficit.  Some critics have already announced they have plans to spend the money by raising taxes, or delaying the tax cuts, as they call it. As other spending plans become public, it will become obvious their cries for fiscal discipline are nothing more than crocodile tears.  In addition to the critics who want to spend the tax cut, there are also critics who insist we cannot afford the tax cut because our long-term budget projections show Federal spending will exceed revenue by 25 percent within the next 50 years. To argue, as they do, that we cannot afford a modest tax cut today because we will need a huge tax increase in future years ignores the obvious: Congress cannot provide more government than the taxpayers are willing to pay for. Through our country's history, the Federal Government has never taken more than one-fifth of our Nation's income in taxes. That includes even in wartime. If we are not willing to pay 25 percent more for government, if we are not willing to do that now, why should we be willing to put ourselves into a spending policy where we expect our children and grandchildren to have higher taxes so they can pay for programs we instituted at a time when we were not willing to put taxes higher than they have ever been in the history of our country? Our challenge today is to get beyond the rhetoric and make affordable government once again.  In addition to this point, as we prepare for the next budget season, I participated today in the Budget Committee review of the CBO report. Once again we are having this issue brought up about the tax cut being responsible for the budget deficits, as opposed to the war on terrorism, as opposed to the recession that is a result of the war on terrorism, and some technical budget adjustments that are made annually.  In regard to the accusation that the tax cuts proposed by President Bush in the last election, and then in turn enacted by Congress--and in turn when it was enacted, it was enacted as a bipartisan tax relief package because several members of the Democratic Party voted for it--in regard to that being the cause of the deficit, as is the insinuation on the part of those people who make that argument, I made the point this morning, and I would like to repeat the point I made in the Budget Committee to the Members of the entire Senate, that if you look at the $1.3 billion tax cut the bipartisan Members of this body voted for and the President signed on June 7, and you say that is the cause of the deficit, you have to also look at the fact that there was an alternative called the Daschle-Carnahan amendment that was offered that was $1.265 trillion, just 6-percent less than what the President signed.  That amendment got 48 votes. It lost, but almost every member of the Democratic Party voted for that amendment.  So whether you look at $1.3 billion that passed by a bipartisan majority, and a pretty overwhelming majority, or whether you look at the Daschle-Carnahan amendment, we have all but two or three Members of this Senate who voted for tax cuts of at least $1.265 trillion or the 6-percent higher figure that was finally adopted of $1.3 trillion. Either way, just considering that 6-percent differential, you are going to end up with about the same budget deficit situation, short term or long term, under a policy either way that was backed by all but about two or three Members of this body last spring.  So my point is this: It is wrong for Democratic leaders to blame the bipartisan tax cut that the President signed on June 7 for the deficit situation without taking credit themselves for backing such a tax policy that was only 6-percent less than what the President had already proposed.  So I don't think we have a bad situation because of the reduction of taxes. We have a bad situation because of the war on terrorism, the economic recession caused by the war on terrorism, because of technical adjustments in the budget, and because of the additional appropriations we had to have for the military and for the domestic war on terrorism.  That is where it is. But if you want to blame taxes, there are 97 or 98 of us in this body who have to share that blame, not just the 48 Republicans and 12 Democrats who voted for the bill the President signed.  I yield the floor and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  