 President, I wish to speak on the issue of ethanol and the renewable fuel standard, but before I do, I compliment the Senator from Arkansas for the simple reason that she was the sponsor of the amendment in the Senate Finance Committee in which we adopted this as part of our tax incentives for renewable fuels. She led the way in that committee. I was happy to join her as the Republican leader of that effort because not only will Arkansas benefit but half of our States raise some soybeans and they will benefit as well. So I compliment Senator Lincoln.  I am pleased to join my colleagues in support of the renewable fuel standard, which is an example of true bipartisan cooperation in this body. It was a bipartisan effort that made this possible. Obviously, Senator Nelson has already been applauded by my colleagues. I would say that as well. Not only since he has been in the Senate but as Governor of the State of Nebraska he helped, through the Governors' Conference, cochairing issues of ethanol for that conference. So he has been a leader in this area for a long time.  So I give my heartfelt thanks to him and to others who were instrumental, both directly and indirectly. Even though President Bush is not a member of this body, I think he needs to be complimented in the first instance for denying California's request for a waiver out of the Clean Air Act's oxygenation requirements.  Upon taking office, President Bush quickly recognized that there was no scientific or legal justification for the waiver. He, in fact, had the courage to take that action. It could have been possible 2 years before, if President Clinton had done likewise. During that period of lost time, we had a dampening and a delaying of efforts, such as we are having today, to successfully help our national security and our farm economy because these all benefit from the increased ethanol use as an oxygenate.  President Bush, has turned out to be the most pro-ethanol President we have ever had, and because he refused to let the Clean Air Act unravel, he gave us the leverage necessary for this process, the negotiation of a new renewable fuel standard. Now we are back on track.  I thank Senator Nelson. I also thank the senior Senator from Nebraska, Mr. Hagel, because he provided persuasive leadership last fall in securing support for his Senate Energy Committee Republican colleagues to get behind this renewable fuel standard.  I also have said this has been a very bipartisan effort. Obviously, our majority leader, Senator Daschle, has been involved in a very helpful way. During the negotiations conducted by Senator Hagel, he provided constant assurances that he would be supportive of this final product.  I compliment our Republican leader, who comes from an oil-producing State and who has been behind ethanol for several years, Senator Lott, and also Senator Murkowski, the ranking member of the Energy Committee. Last fall, they gave Senator Hagel, myself, and other Senators their commitment, at least for the Republican side, that they would support this renewable standard.  Today, our Nation produces just 1.8 billion gallons of ethanol a year. The renewable fuel standard will require that we use 2.3 billion. That is a one-half-billion increase in gallons by the year 2004. Then it steadily increases up the ladder until it is a mandated use of 5 billion gallons by the year 2012.  This sounds like just more and cheaper gas to burn. But it also will improve air quality. It strengthens our national security, and it reduces our trade deficit. One-third of our trade deficit is caused by the import of oil. It will decrease our independence upon oil from dictators who aren't reliable--Saddam Hussein. It will extend markets for agricultural products in a way that we all want--value added. It creates jobs in cities.  A 1997 study by the Midwestern Governors' Conference--I would bet Senator Nelson had something to do with this when he was Governor--determined that ethanol demand was responsible for over 195,000 jobs throughout the economy. Forty-two thousand of those jobs were located in Iowa.  With the passage of the renewable fuel standard, 214,000 new jobs are anticipated. I expect a large portion of those would be in my State of Iowa.  Just last week, for instance, Quad County Corn Processors, a cooperative in the small town of Galva, IA, began production at their new 18-million-gallon ethanol facility. Iowa now has nine ethanol plants and five more are under construction.  The Iowa Corn Growers Association provided me an analysis of the economic impact of seven new Iowa farmer-owned ethanol plants in our State, two of which have been completed and five are under construction. Over 4,000 farmers have invested in these facilities. These are farmers helping themselves in a cooperative way. The facilities will create 170 new jobs. While Iowa currently produces 500 million gallons of ethanol each year, these new facilities will add 150 million gallons more.  According to the Iowa Corn Growers, corn prices will increase 5 cents per bushel for every 100 million bushels of corn processed. Therefore, these seven new farmer-owned ethanol facilities alone will increase corn prices by 3.5 cents.  Every year, about 175 million bushels of Iowa corn are processed into ethanol. This in turn adds about $730 million per year to the income of Iowa farm families. It adds up to $1.7 billion of increased economic activity in our State.  As I mentioned today, we produce nationwide about 1.8 million gallons of ethanol. When fully implemented, the bipartisan compromise in this bill--the renewable fuel standard--will almost triple production.  Economic analysis by A-U-S Consultants found that this legislation will displace over 1.6 billion barrels of oil, increase farm income by almost $6 billion annually, increase household income by $52 billion per year, and create over 214,000 new jobs nationwide.  I also would like to share with my colleagues the finding of a study produced 2 years ago by the Department of Energy entitled ``The Impacts of Alternative and Replacement Fuel Use On Oil Prices.'' The study found that ``current use of alternative and replacement fuels is estimated to reduce total U.S. petroleum costs by about $1.3 billion per year.''  It is very important to understand that these alternative fuels--primarily MTBE as well as ethanol--made up only 2.71 percent of our total motor fuel use. I want to say to naysayers who criticize efforts to expand alternative sources of motor fuels that the evidence proves that even small amounts of alternative motor fuels can generate huge savings to consumers.  The Department of Energy study went on to estimate that if we increase our alternative motor fuels use by just 10 percent by the year 2010, consumers will save $6 billion per year. By increasing the use of alternative motor fuels, we increase price elasticity in the event of supply disruption and thus reduce the potential damage to our Nation's economy. To do otherwise leaves us subjected to our current vulnerable situation where, again, according to the Department of Energy, ``For every one million barrels per day of oil disruption, world prices could increase by $3 to $5 per barrel.''  In closing, I emphasize that 1 million barrels per day is a mere 5 percent of U.S. oil consumption. Yet this very small amount would cause price hikes of 10 to 25 percent if oil were $20 per barrel. A little in alternatives, such as ethanol--or we could even say biodiesel--can go a long way toward protecting all consumers from OPEC efforts of price gouging.  I thank my colleagues for working together in this bipartisan effort, which is good for the economy, good for the environment, good for jobs, and good for energy independence.  As I so often say to describe ethanol, it is good, good, good.  