 President, I'd like to say a few words about the Hatch-Waxman provisions that were contained in S. 812 that passed this morning. Ensuring access to affordable prescription drugs is a top priority for me. The challenge is to strike the right balance so consumers have timely access to medicine that's affordable and so that new, groundbreaking pharmaceuticals continue to be developed. I voted for S. 812 because I want Iowans and all Americans to benefit as much as possible from the competition and lower prices that generic drugs bring about in the marketplace. This bill starts to close loopholes in the current Hatch-Waxman law and stop abuses that may have contributed to the delay in market entry to generic drugs and kept drug prices high. I believe that this is a good first step toward recognizing and addressing concerns about abuses in the current system. However, I still have concerns about the drafting of a few of the provisions in this legislation.  For example, I'm concerned abut the new private right of action created by S. 812. The current Hatch-Waxman law does not allow for such a remedy, and this could cause unnecessary and increased litigation. I also share the concerns that Senator Frist expressed regarding the bioequivalency provision. I think that we need to clarify that this provision should in no way adversely impact or lessen public safety. Further, I think that we should clarify that the provision dealing with the 45 day paragraph IV notice does not eliminate all legal avenues with respect to a company being able to protect it's rights with respect to a patent. There might be a few other changes that would be beneficial to the bill. Nevertheless, I'm hopeful that we can improve on this legislation. We need to be able to close the loopholes, but also ensure that we keep the proper balance between promoting timely access to affordable generic drugs and giving brand-name companies reasonable intellectual property protections so they will continue to innovate and find new cures and drugs.  I was disappointed that the Senate was not able to consider an amendment I wanted to offer with Senator Leahy which would have required brand-name and generic companies to file with the Federal Trade Commission and Justice Department any agreements that deal with the 180 day exclusivity provision of the Hatch-Waxman law. The language of our amendment is exactly the language contained in S. 754, as reported out of the Judiciary Committee last November. So everyone knows, this legislation is fully supported by the Federal Trade Commission report that came out just yesterday. In fact, the Federal Trade Commission report said ``we believe that notification of such agreements to the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice is warranted. We support the Drug Competition Act of 2001, S. 754, introduced by Senator Leahy, as reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.'' I'm putting my colleagues on notice that I will work to get this legislation passed to ensure that lower price drugs get to market as soon as possible.  I want Iowans to benefit from new scientific research and innovative drug products. Patent protections help provide incentives for these developments. With the practice of medicine today being so dependent on prescription drugs and with a new, taxpayer-financed prescription drug benefit on the horizon, I'll continue to work to make sure Congress maintains the right balance between patent protection and access to generic drugs.  Mr. McCain. I would like to take the opportunity to talk about the underlying bill, S. 812, which, until now, has been largely treated in this two week debate as little more than a vehicle for a grander, more politically salient, but also more elusive, prescription drug benefit.  If the Senate fails to pass the underlying bill, the Greater Access to Affordable Pharmaceuticals Act, GAAP, will lose a real opportunity to benefit all consumers of prescription drugs. In a recently concluded study of the abuses of the Hatch-Waxman act, the Federal Trade Commission concluded that there is a need for Congress to act and to act quickly to put an end to the anti-competitive abuses that have delayed the entry of generic drugs into the market. S. 812 would allow consumers earlier access to generic versions of drugs while protecting the intellectual property rights of the brand name drug innovators, a protection that's necessary for their continued investment in research and development of new and improved pharmaceuticals.  While the brand name drug manufacturers have decried this bill, which has been portrayed by some as a boon to generic drug makers, I assure you that these portrayals are not accurate. The consumer is the intended beneficiary of this legislation, plain and simple.  S. 812 would accomplish five important objectives. First, the bill would limits the ability of brand name drug companies to delay the marketing of generic competitors. It does this by limiting brand name drug companies to only one automatic 30-month stay on the marketing of generic drugs. Under current law, brand name drug companies can prevent generic substitutes from coming to market by suing the generic for patent infringement and inso doing, stop the FDA, for up to 30 months, from approving the cheaper substitute. By bringing successive patent infringement suits, brand name drug companies have obtained sequential 30-month stays, and kept generics off the market much longer than 30 months.  Allowing for only one automatic delay is consistent with the recommendation the Federal Trade Commission made recently in its comprehensive study of anticompetitive abuses of current law by brand name and generic drug companies. In its report, the FTC recommended that only one stay be allowed, and noted that ``prior to 1998, only 1 out of 9 blockbuster drug products involved at least three patent lawsuits, whereas after 1998, 5 of the 8 blockbuster products involved at least three lawsuits.'' ``[C]ases involving multiple patents take longer than those involving fewer patents [to resolve]'' the FTC wrote, and the Commission found that the multiple stacking of 30-month stays prevented the FDA from approving generic ANDAs from 4 to 40 months beyond the initial 30-month stay.  There is no doubt that these stays have prevented or delayed generic drugs from entering the marketplace and increased the price of prescription drugs. Allowing for one 30-month stay, as S. 812 does, strikes a balance between the rights of brand name drug companies seeking to protect their legitimate patents, and the rights of consumers to access generic drugs without unreasonable delay due to ``gaming'' of the system. I understand that there is disagreement regarding which patents should be afforded protection under the automatic stay, however, I believe we can all acknowledge that allowing for one, and only one stay, is the most effective way to prevent frivolous lawsuits that delay consumers' access to less expensive pharmaceuticals.  Second, the GAAP Act would modify the provision in current law that allows the first-to-file generic drug manufacturer an exclusive 180-day period to market its generic drug without competition from other generic manufacturers. The 180-exclusivity period was intended to provide a needed impetus for generic companies to challenge dubious patents. Like the automatic 30-month stay, however, this 180-day exclusivity has been abused. Brand name and generic drug companies have colluded in deals in which the brand name manufacturer effectively extends its own period of exclusivity by paying the generic drug manufacturer to stay out of the market for the six months during which the generic would otherwise be able to compete. When this occurs, the brand name manufacturer wins, and the generic manufacturer wins, but consumers lose. To prevent this type of abuse, S. 812 modifies current law so that first-to-file generic manufacturers that engage in anticompetitive conduct and do not go to market, lose the privilege of 6-month exclusivity in the generic market, and, in certain circumstances, that exclusivity ``rolls'' over to the next generic competitor.  Third, the legislation would require generic drug applicants to the FDA to provide a more detailed ``paragraph IV'' filing. This means that the patent holder will not only receive a general notice that its patent is being challenged, but the generic drug applicant will be required to provide a more detailed legal basis for its assertions regarding the original patent's validity. This is an important protection for the brand name manufacturers because they will receive more information about the nature of the patent challenge as opposed to a simple notice that a generic application has been filed.  Fourth, S. 812 would clarify that the FDA's existing regulations as they pertain to bio-equivalence have the affect of law. Currently, bio-equivalence is demonstrated through blood level studies, and only in some circumstances has the FDA allowed for limited human data to be submitted for products where blood studies are inapplicable. S. 812 would allow the FDA to amend their regulations as necessary and clarify their authority over biological products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.  The fifth significant change to current law relates to how to clean up abuses of the ``Orange Book'', the manual in which the FDA lists all patents on pharmaceutical drugs. The provision in the current bill, allows generic manufacturers in certain instances to bring a cause of action to ``de-list'' or ``re-name'' a drug patent. Current law provides no means for ``delisting'' a patent, although doing so can speed the marketing of generic drugs, particularly in cases involving patents that are patently frivolous and for which the brand name manufacturers clearly would not win a patent infringement suit.  The cause of action for generic manufacturers to ``delist'' patents was a provision that was added to S. 812 late in the process, and it is controversial. Opponents argue that doing so will significantly increase and complicate litigation without clearly making generic drugs available to consumers more quickly. How the cause of action in S. 812 will work is yet unclear. I hope that during conference on this legislation, we can consider not only the provision in the Senate bill, but also the proposal mentioned in the FTC's recent report to permit a claim for ``delisting'' to be brought, not as an original and separate action, but as a counterclaim in the context of a patent infringement lawsuit. Such an approach may be more appropriate in that it could reduce the number of lawsuits, but still allow generic manufacturers a way to ``delist'' frivolous patents through summary judgments or other motions that can be raised in the context of patent infringement litigation.  Over twenty years ago, Hatch-Waxman establishes the procedures for bringing generic drugs to consumers and set out to strike a balance in the pharmaceutical industry that would allow brand name manufacturers to protect their innovations, while allowing generic brands easier access into the market. In large part, Hatch-Waxman succeeded in bringing new lower-cost alternatives to consumers, and encouraging more investment in U.S. pharmaceutical research and development. This has been evident in the 15 years since the enactment of Hatch-Waxman, where research and development has increased from $3 billion to $21 billion. Loopholes in the law, however, have delayed benefits to consumers. It is time to correct this.  The Congressional Budget Office, CBO, recently released results of its estimate of S. 812 finding that total drug expenditures in this country over the next ten years (2003 to 2012) will be roughly $4.7 trillion. If the delays resulting from numerous lawsuits and agreements were eliminated, the CBO estimates that S. 812 would result in a savings of up to 7 percent or $320 billion. For consumers, particularly seniors, the uninsured, and those on Medicare, this is a tremendous savings.  Congress will improve the lives of many Americans by passing the underlying language of S. 812. I urge my colleagues to do this now.  