 President, I rise to speak on a subject that I hope will be on the Senate's agenda after we come back from Easter recess, which I think starts at the end of this week. That issue is Trade Promotion Authority for the President.  It is time for the Senate to pass Trade Promotion Authority, not only for President Bush, because he has asked for it, but because every President ought to have this authority. The President needs this authority to help in the reduction of non-tariff trade barriers as well as tariffs and to negotiate international trade agreements.  It has been over a decade since our Nation has had Trade Promotion Authority for the President. Since that time, we have fallen further behind. This map shows how far behind we are. It shows that the rest of the world is no longer going to stand around and wait for the United States to show leadership on trade.  Here you can see all these countries in red. That sea of red represents 111 countries that are a party to more than 130 free trade agreements that do not include the United States of America. The United States was not at the negotiating table for these 130 free trade agreements. How many free trade agreements do we have with other countries? Three!  Until just last year, with the passage of the Jordan Free Trade Agreement, it had been over 6 years since the United States enacted a free trade agreement with another country. Our failure to act, in fact, does make a difference.  While we stay on the sidelines, the rest of the world moves ahead, concluding an average of twenty new free trade agreements every year. The European Union alone has signed preferential agreements with 27 countries and is right now working on 15 more. That means other countries are writing the rules of trade, and the United States is not at the table. The rules these other countries write are not designed to benefit U.S. companies and U.S. workers. When other countries write the rules of trade, we lose.  In the absence of Trade Promotion Authority, we have allowed our foreign competitors to make deals that have placed U.S. interests at a disadvantage. If we do not pass Trade Promotion Authority soon, then we are going to continue to fall further and further behind. We will sit on the sidelines and our competitors will continue to make deals that exclude us--it's a game plan for failure.  Without Trade Promotion Authority, American negotiating power to bring down trade barriers is severely limited. Foreign competitors will continue to weave a web of preferential trade and investment opportunities for themselves, and we will fall further behind. American companies, workers, and farmers are paying a high price for our inaction. Compared to their foreign counterparts, U.S. exporters often face higher tariffs, higher costs, and greater administrative delays, and even less favorable investment opportunities and protection.  While other countries negotiate free trade agreements, ensuring that their products sail across borders tax free, American workers face high tariffs that erode their competitive edge.  I will just give one example: Caterpillar, a corporation headquartered in the State of Illinois. Caterpillar's motor graders, made in the United States for export to Chile, face nearly $15,000 in tariffs whereas Caterpillar, making those same motor graders in Brazil for export to Chile, only face a tariff of $3,700. That ought to get anybody's attention about the importance of negotiating down these barriers.  Further, when Caterpillar's competitors produce the same product in Canada, it can be exported to Chile free of tariffs because of the Canada-Chile free trade agreement.  We cannot continue to put U.S. workers at a disadvantage in the international marketplace. Isolationism is a failed policy that damages U.S. interests on many levels. This year the Senate has the ability to reject this failed policy by bringing up and passing Trade Promotion Authority. This is not the time for us to take a pass on policies that could enhance our global competitiveness and increase our economic stature worldwide.  Presidential leadership is very obvious in the war on terrorism. We have a strong diplomatic component to that. We have a strong military component to that. But we also need a strong economic component to the President's leadership, and that can come in part through this President having Trade Promotion Authority.  The Senate Finance Committee reported Trade Promotion Authority out of our committee last year in its usual way of doing business, by a strong bipartisan vote of 18 to 3. I am confident when this bill comes to the floor it will receive bipartisan support from the entire Senate.  So it is time to get this bill, Trade Promotion Authority, on the Senate floor and get it passed. Renewing Trade Promotion Authority will help level the global playing field and create countless opportunities for our workers, our farmers, and our businesses.  I yield the floor.  