  It is not unusual for Senators to be inconsistent in positions taken, but in recent weeks we have had some colleagues blaming the administration for not responding to the pre-9/11 warnings of possible terrorist attacks on the United States. I am talking about the warnings of whether or not the CIA and the FBI had information about that and whether or not the President had access to that information. The insinuation is that maybe the President knew more than what he did and, why didn't he do something about 9/11?  It seems to me the same colleagues are now refusing to support the President's call to disarm Saddam Hussein. The President is trying to preempt Saddam Hussein from unleashing on Americans his weapons of mass destruction. Yet my colleagues who are inconsistent in this way apparently want the President to wait until we are attacked again. I ask, if you were expecting preemption before September 11, 2001, why wouldn't you expect the President to preempt an attack on the United States today?  I come to the floor today to share my thoughts concerning the resolution before the Senate. Again we find ourselves in the midst of an important debate with one of the most important decisions that many Senators will make in our lifetime. The issue of war and peace involves the threats to the lives of the men and women we send to battle. This issue may even involve threats to the American civilian population, as well.  It was just a little more than a decade ago that many Members were here making similar decisions in regard to the Persian Gulf war.  As many of my colleagues may remember, I was just one of two Senate Republicans who opposed the resolution authorizing military action against Iraq in 1991. I voted against that resolution because I questioned the timing of military action while diplomatic measures and economic sanctions had just been started. I felt they needed a chance to work. Opposing the resolution was a difficult decision, but one that I have never regretted.  While today's decision is not one to be taken lightly, it stands in stark contrast to that of 1991. While I opposed that resolution for the reasons I stated, I intend to support the compromise resolution before us because I believe the time to hold Saddam Hussein accountable is past due.  But, this is not the first time since 1991 that Congress has approved a resolution approving military action against Iraq.  In 1998, by unanimous vote by the Senate and an overwhelming 407-6 vote in the House, Congress approved a resolution, and subsequently President Clinton bombed Iraq in December of 1998.  Let us see how forthrightly the Senate spoke at that time about the dangers of Iraq and Saddam Hussein.  I speak from page 2 of the Iraq Liberation Act of 1998. It says in section 3:       It should be the policy of the United States to support      efforts to remove the regime headed by Saddam Hussein from      power in Iraq and to promote the emergence of a democratic      government to replace the regime.  It is pretty clear we knew about the threat of Saddam Hussein under a Democratic President--President Clinton--with a bipartisan action by consensus of this body. Why should anybody be surprised if President Clinton and the Senate, in a bipartisan way, would be expressing the same concern 4 years later?  What was the basis of that overwhelming vote? Primarily, it was because Iraq has kicked United Nations weapons inspectors out, as they did in 1998. Today we have a lot of intelligence information saying it is a far more dangerous situation today, and particularly for the United States.  Thousands of Americans were killed in that 9/11 attack by terrorists.  Iraq is aligned with those terrorists, and Iraq is building weapons of mass destruction. We must, therefore, respond appropriately.  One of the most pressing concerns expressed by my constituents over the past few months is that of timing. The question: Why now? The question: Why can't we continue to pursue inspections and other diplomatic measures? They are legitimate questions. Many of my colleagues will answer this differently than I will. But the response for me is quite simple. I believe the actions by Saddam Hussein over the past 10 years builds a strong case why firm action is needed and why we cannot afford as a Congress delaying a decision any longer.  None of this precludes inspections or diplomatic missions. But these alternatives demand full cooperation by Iraq if a military response is to be withheld.  However, during the past 10 years, the international community has worked with Iraq through diplomatic efforts, various inspection regimes, economic sanctions, and even limited military force in an effort to encourage Saddam Hussein to abide by the very resolutions he agreed to at the end of the gulf war. He agreed to follow these within the rule of law--the international rule of law. We can legitimately expect any person to agree to follow those agreements.  Yet Saddam Hussein has consistently and convincingly evaded and defied those obligations he agreed to.  In the spring of 1991, the United Nations Security Council agreed to Resolution 687, which required Saddam Hussein to destroy his chemical and biological weapons and to unconditionally agree not to acquire or develop nuclear weapons. That same resolution also demanded Iraq not develop or acquire any weapons of mass destruction. However, the CIA reported Iraq is continuing to develop and acquire chemical and biological weapons.  The report states since the United Nations weapons inspectors left in 1998, Iraq has maintained its chemical weapons effort and invested even more heavily in biological weapons.  In addition, the CIA estimated Iraq could develop nuclear weapons in the near term with the proper supply of material.  United Nations Resolution 687 also required Saddam Hussein to end his support for terrorism and to prohibit terrorist organizations from operating inside the borders of Iraq.  Yet there is clear evidence Iraq has provided safe haven to a number of prominent, international terrorists. Iraq has provided assistance to terrorist organizations whose sole purpose is to disrupt and prevent peace efforts in the Middle East.  Most importantly, fleeing al-Qaida members now reside in Iraq. Of course, it is only a matter of time before these two enemies of the United States join forces--and maybe they already have.  Altogether, Saddam has defied at least 16 United Nations resolutions during the past decade. He has manipulated U.N. weapons inspectors, tortured and repressed Iraqi people, supported international terrorists, and violated United Nations economic sanctions.  So he continues to thumb his nose at the world, and particularly the rule of law under the international regimes we all respect.  The issue is as much about protecting people as it is about enforcing the international rule of law. But enforcing international rule of law is one way to eliminate chaos so people can live peacefully.  Will the United Nations take a stand in defense of their very own resolutions and hold Saddam Hussein accountable? Will the United Nations resolutions, which seek to provide peace and security in the region, continue to be unenforced?  This resolution before the Senate then asks the United Nations: Does the organization want to be relevant during the 21st century, an instrument of peace in this century, or does it somehow want to fade away as the League of Nations did because of its failures in Abyssinia in the 1930s?  I want, and I hope all my colleagues want, the U.N. to be relevant. I want the U.N. to lead. Its moral leadership is important. We have to discourage tin-horn dictators from violating the rule of law. The time for accountability is right now.  According to former President Clinton, in a speech on December 16, 1998:       Heavy as they are, the costs of action must be weighed      against the price of inaction. If Saddam defies the world and      we fail to respond, we will face a far greater threat in the      future. Saddam will strike again at his neighbors. He will      make war on his own people. And mark my words, he will      develop weapons of mass destruction. He will deploy them, and      he will use them.  That is what President Clinton said in a speech on December 16, 1998.  Former President Clinton's words are very applicable to the situation now, even 4 years later.  I have also heard concerns from people who question this resolution, saying that by supporting it, we are supporting preemptive military action against a sovereign nation. However, for the last decade, the United States and allied forces have patrolled no-fly zones in northern and southern Iraq to protect Kurdish and Shiite minority populations from Saddam Hussein, and all the while they have been fired upon by Iraq's military.  These are American pilots. Some of them have been Iowans because over the past 6 years the Iowa Air National Guard has completed five 90-day missions and will likely be needed for a sixth mission before the end of this year. And as the President stated earlier this week, the American and British pilots have been fired upon more than 750 times. In a sense, we have been involved in military action in Iraq since the 1991 gulf war. So what is contemplated by this resolution cannot be described as preemptive.  Some of my constituents have also questioned the effect this will have on our war on terrorism. I believe that forcing Iraq to disarm is part of the war against terrorism and is consistent with the war on terrorism. Iraq has already been labeled by previous administrations as a state sponsor of terrorism. Iraq is one of seven nations to be designated by our own State Department as a state sponsor of terrorism. And given Iraq's support for international terrorists and its support for efforts to provide safe haven for al-Qaida, it is clear that this effort should not be seen as separate from the war on terrorism but very much an integral part of the war on terrorism.  It is because of our obligations to enforce international law, and to disarm this threat to our national security and to the security of the entire world, that I have decided to support the resolution offered by Senator Lieberman and Senator Warner.  A decade ago, as I said, I opposed war with Iraq because I believed we had not exhausted all alternatives available at that time. Today, I support this resolution because we have exhausted all other remedies, unless somehow Saddam Hussein has a change of heart. After years of evasion, after years of defiance, the time has come to stand firm and enforce the resolutions to disarm Iraq. Or, on the other hand, it is time for Saddam Hussein to repent and fully cooperate. But his track record in that regard is not very promising.  It is important to keep in mind that this resolution before the Senate does not guarantee military action, nor do I think it should. But it does authorize the use of United States military forces to defend the national security of the United States against this continuing threat posed by Iraq and to enforce all relevant U.N. resolutions regarding Iraq. In other words, this is as much about enforcing the rule of law as a policeman in Washington, DC, would enforce the domestic rule of law to prevent chaos and to encourage law-abiding citizenry, as it is about military action, at least from my standpoint.  Most importantly, this resolution makes clear that if the United Nations fails to ensure full compliance with international law, we will not sit quietly and let this tinhorn dictator ignore the rule of law. At the same time, we will be sending the message to other tinhorn dictators around the world that they had better not violate the international rules of law.  The terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, dispelled notions of America's invincibility, it placed greater demands on our Government to protect and defend American citizens, and it put more demand on American citizens themselves to look out for their own safety, as a Jerusalem-type terrorist bombing could happen in New York City or Washington, DC, as much as it happens in Jerusalem.  My resolve is stronger than ever to win the war on terrorism, protect U.S. citizens, secure the homeland, and, most importantly, defend American values and our way of life. By supporting this resolution, we will send a strong signal to the United Nations, as well as our friends and allies around the world, that we will not sit idly by and allow a ruthless dictator to violate international law and threaten the security of that region and, in fact, impact the whole world. This resolution says to the world community that America stands together, committed to the rule of law and the security of all nations.  So, Madam President, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution offered by our colleagues, Senator Lieberman and Senator Warner.  I yield the floor.  