 President, in recent months, we in this country have been reminded of the sacrifices that are made every day for our Nation by the men and women serving in the U.S. Armed Forces. We owe a debt of gratitude to the brave individuals that are prepared to lay down their lives in defense of our liberty and the rights which we enjoy as citizens of the United States of America. One of the most fundamental rights we enjoy in a democratic society is the right to vote. No American should be unfairly denied this right, least of all the very men and women charged with defending our way of life. However, this is precisely what happened November 2000 in Florida. I am sure that many senators were as appalled as I was when I learned that military ballots received in Florida during the last election were targeted for rejection. Whether the votes of our servicemen and women were not counted because they failed to meet a state postmark requirement or because they arrived too late, it is essential that we do everything in our power to ensure that future ballots cast by military personnel overseas are delivered in time and in such a fashion that they will not be rejected.  Items mailed from one of our overseas military installations or one of our ships at sea is the responsibility of the Department of Defense until it can be delivered to the U.S. Postal Service. While all the blame for uncounted military ballots cannot be laid at the feet of the Department of Defense, it is only logical that we should fix any kinks in the military mail system so that State and local election officials have no reason to reject ballots cast by members of the armed forces stationed overseas. My amendment takes some common sense steps to improve the delivery of election mail under the responsibility of the Department of Defense.  To start, my amendment requires the Secretary of Defense to implement measures to ensure that absentee ballots collected at U.S. military facilities or vessels overseas are postmarked. The lack of a postmark or proof of mailing date was one of the excuses used in the Florida election to reject overseas absentee ballots cast by military personnel. Second, my amendment requires the Secretary of each military service to notify servicemembers stationed at an installation of the last date before a general election that absentee ballots should be mailed in order for them to arrive in time to state and local election officials back home. A soldier or sailor overseas can't know how long it will take from the time he or she drops a ballot in the mail until it arrives in their home State and guessing wrong could result in a late arrival and votes not being counted. Finally, my amendment requires the Secretary of Defense to report to Congress about the measures he will take to ensure the timely transmittal and postmarking of voting materials and identify the persons who will be responsible for implementing these measures. Any shortcomings in the handling of military mail are not because of poor intentions, but rather lack of accountability for failures in the system. The requirement of a report to Congress ensures accountability for the implementation of the measures Congress has spelled out for the proper handling of voting material.  I don't pretend that this amendment is the only solution to the problems that have surfaced with military overseas voting or that states shouldn't be asked to do more to ensure that military absentee ballots are treated fairly. But, shouldn't we do everything we can to make sure that the votes or our men and women in uniform arrive in the hands of election officials so they can be counted? My amendment seeks to do just that so that our forces overseas are able to enjoy the very rights they protect for those of us back home.  