 The United States has long been a world leader in agricultural exports. Dollar for dollar, the United States exports more meat than steel, more corn than cosmetics, more bakery products than motor boats, more fruits and vegetables than household appliances. One in three acres of agricultural production of the United States is exported.  In 2000, the U.S. agricultural community exported $51 billion in products and supported at least 750,000 American workers. With 96 percent of the world's population living outside the United States, there is a huge market for food products of American farmers and ranchers.  In the absence of trade promotion authority, other countries have entered into trade agreements that have driven foreign consumers from the U.S. agricultural market.  Burger King restaurants in Chile buy potatoes from Canada. Canada's free trade agreement with Chile gives their farmers eased access to the Chilean market while American farm products are subject to high tariffs that drive up the price to the consumer. So, consequently, we do not sell to Chile.  Trade promotion authority will expand existing markets, open new markets for American food products, and allow our farmers and ranchers to better compete, boosting our exports. Previous trade agreements demonstrate benefits to American farmers and ranchers.  U.S. agricultural exports to our NAFTA partners have increased $4 billion since that agreement went into effect 8 years ago. Under the United States-Canada Free Trade Agreement, U.S. agricultural exports doubled. Canada is the No. 2 market for our agricultural exports, buying $7.6 billion in the year 2000. Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, our agricultural exports to Mexico have nearly doubled, making it our third largest agricultural market buying $6.5 billion in the year 2000.  U.S. pork producers credit the North American Free Trade Agreement with their 130-percent increase in market share in Mexico between 1994 and the year 2000. The United States beef and veal exports to Canada increased 26 percent in volume between 1990 and 2000 and increased five fold with Mexico from 1993 to the year 2000. The sale of United States corn to Canada increased more than 127 percent in volume between 1990 and 2000, and exports to Mexico increased by nearly 18 times between 1993 and 2000.  Mexico voluntarily chose to accelerate its market opening for corn under the North American Free Trade Agreement to provide lower cost food for its consumer. Canada imported 15 percent more soybeans from the United States between 1990 and 2000. Mexican imports of United States soybeans doubled from 1993 to the year 2000.  I would also like to comment on the seriousness of defeating the Byrd (3447) amendment on the Congressional Oversight Group. The Byrd amendment will curtail the authorities on international trade within the Congress of the United States; those people who have been given authority, the Finance Committee and the Ways and Means, will be curtailed. It will curtail our oversight of these agreements. We need to work toward that. I am also asking my colleague, for the sake of maintaining the authority of an oversight of the Senate Finance Committee, that we defeat the Byrd amendment.  I yield the floor.  