 We are going to work our way through those amendments.  I go back to what I call square one and remind our colleagues and the people of this country there has already been a bill passed in the House of Representatives, a bill the President said he would sign, a bill I hope we get a chance to vote on before we finish work on the economic stimulus package, a bill I hope will become the law of this land, one that is truly bipartisan and truly is a stimulus. I call that the White House-centrist stimulus plan.  This bill that has passed the House of Representatives, that the President said he would sign, is something for the most part that has been worked out by Members of this body, not the other body, people who are Republican and Democrat, in the middle of the political spectrum of the Senate. Since it is bipartisan, since the President had an opportunity to meet with a bipartisan group and said he would sign it, before the holidays the House of Representatives went ahead and passed the bill. We did not have an opportunity to vote on it before the holidays because of the fact the majority leader sets the agenda for the Senate, and he did not see fit to bring it up. I will explain this plan so people know we do have a bipartisan proposal, not only a bipartisan proposal that would have bipartisan support in the Senate but one that has passed the House of Representatives and that would be signed by the President of the United States.  As we think of the 800,000 people who are unemployed since the September 11 terrorist attacks, there would be some hope for those people in this legislation. I will name just a couple before I go into greater detail. One, a 13-week extension on unemployment benefits, beyond the 26 weeks that States otherwise provide. Second, provision of health insurance benefits for those people who would have had health insurance where they were last employed, even for people who did not have health insurance before they were laid off. They would get some benefit of that program, as well.  If we can get this passed, it will take a lot of anxiety out of the daily lives of those unemployed people. A bipartisan benefit is needed to help dislocated workers. Another has tax provisions and investment provisions that would actually stimulate the economy to create jobs.  The plan's unemployment insurance proposal represents an unprecedented commitment to American workers. It provides up to 13 weeks of additional unemployment benefits to eligible workers. An estimated 3 million unemployed workers would qualify for benefits, averaging $230 a week. These benefits would be 100-percent federally funded, meaning the States and the businesses in the respective States that support the unemployment trust fund would not have to have any tax increase as a result of what we are doing in mandating an additional 13 weeks.  The plan transfers an additional $9 billion from Federal funds to State unemployment trust funds. This transferprovides the States with the flexibility to pay administrative costs and provide these additional benefits. Obviously, the intended purpose is to avoid raising their unemployment taxes during the current recession. We know it is bad to have a policy of a tax increase during a recession. That tends to make the recession worse.  Also, in regard to the bipartisan White House-centrist plan is the plan's commitment to provide health care for dislocated workers. This is something that has never been done at a time this country has been in recession. This would be quite a departure from past social policies of our Government for a social contract with our people. It goes further and wider than any other proposal and gets more help to more people more quickly than any other proposal. When I say ``any other proposal,'' I mean all of these proposals are precedent-breaking for social policy of our Federal Government in helping unemployed people get partial payment or support for their health insurance.  Several proposals have been put forth before the body. This White House-centrist proposal actually gets help almost immediately to those people who need it by getting a certificate at the time they apply for unemployment that can be used kind of like a voucher to buy health insurance. It commits over $19 billion to this health insurance assistance. This is over six times as much money for the temporary health insurance assistance that was provided under the original stimulus proposals.  The White House-centrist plan takes a three-pronged approach to getting health insurance assistance to the people in need. First, the plan provides a refundable, advanceable tax credit to all displaced workers eligible for unemployment insurance. This goes beyond the present policy, COBRA insurance, that people can pay out of their own pocket once they are laid off, continuing, though, the insurance they had where they last worked for 18 months. We are through this legislation allowing the unemployed who had insurance where they previously worked to continue that health insurance and to have some help for the first time in paying for it, but it will go to those who were not covered by the COBRA policy, as well.  The value of the credit would be 6 percent of the premium. The credit has no cap, so regardless of what the cost was to the employee and the employer where they previously worked, they will be able to continue to pay that full policy. Of course, this is available to individuals for a total of 12 months during their unemployment if that should happen anytime between the years 2002 and 2003. Individuals can stay with their employer COBRA coverage or they can choose policies in the individual market that may better fit their family needs. Obviously, this makes sense. If you want to lock people just into their COBRA policies, it forces people to stay with those policies that could be too expensive to keep when they are unemployed, even considering subsidy.  The White House-centrist bipartisan bill also includes a major new insurance reform to protect people who have had employer-sponsored coverage and go out into the private market for the first time after being laid off. It makes COBRA protections available to people who have had only 12 months of employer-sponsored coverage rather than 18 months as under current law. By doing this, we greatly expand the group of displaced workers who cannot be turned down for coverage or excluded because of preexisting conditions. The new 12-month standard is especially important for people with chronic conditions who have difficulty affording coverage on their own without the Federal law helping these people get coverage that perhaps they otherwise would not get.  The second prong of the White House-centrist bipartisan proposal is $4 billion for the States for enhanced national emergency grants which can be used to help all workers, not just those eligible for tax credits, to pay for health insurance.  Finally, the third prong of the proposal includes $4.3 billion for one-time temporary State health care assistance payments to the States to help bolster their Medicaid Programs. We know the Medicaid Program is an important safety net for low-income children and families and disabled individuals.  I detract a bit for a moment from my remarks, specifically about the White House-centrist bipartisan proposal that I hope we get a vote on, to speak about this $4.3 billion one-time temporary State health care assistance to help the Medicaid Program. We had a debate last week on two amendments that were put forth to supplement Federal Medicaid payments to the States because States in financial trouble are having difficulty keeping their commitments under the Medicaid Program. Even though the amendments offered last week were a little bit more money than what we are talking in the bill that passed the House, and that the President would have signed if the Senate acted on it before Christmas, the fact is that the States would have $4.3 billion in their treasuries right now to take care of some of these needs, except for the fact that we were not able to bring this bill up on the floor of the Senate prior to the Christmas holidays.  This seems to be very important because, at the time before the holidays, the National Governors Association was asking for $5.1 billion of temporary help to the States for their Medicaid Programs. Obviously, $4.3 billion is not $5.1 billion. But the fact is, we could have had this $4.3 billion in the State treasuries right now, rather than having to debate that either in the White House-centrist bipartisan bill or in the amendments that were offered to the underlying bill last week.  For instance, I met with legislators in my State of Iowa during the interim between adjournment on December 21 and our reconvening on January 23. During that period of time, they were bringing this up with me, speaking with me about the problems they were going to have keeping their Medicare commitments and that they really wished they had help from the Federal Government in this regard.  I had an opportunity to remind them that I had a telephone conference call with a lot of Republican and Democrat legislative leaders, along with some administration people of my Governor, Vilsack, as well as Governor Vilsack himself, to discuss this very issue early last December at the time the National Governors Association was lobbying for that $5.1 billion of Medicaid supplement.  I obviously had sympathy for our legislators, knowing that we had an opportunity to pass this bipartisan White House-centrist plan with the $4.3 billion in it that would have been in the treasuries of the States at that particular time. I reminded them that maybe Governors, instead of working with those of us in Congress who were sympathetic to their cause, probably should have spent their time talking to the Senate majority leader about bringing that bill up before Christmas so this $4.3 billion could have already been in the State treasuries.  With that parenthetical on a very small issue of this White House-centrist bipartisan plan--that could have passed the Senate because it had bipartisan support, if we would have been able to bring it up last Christmas--I now move to discuss the individual income-tax reductions in this White House-centrist plan.  This is really the stimulus part of this bill. The other part obviously addressed the need to help dislocated workers, people who are anxious because they are laid off. There are about 800,000 people who would probably not otherwise have been unemployed except for the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and the Pentagon.  This White House-centrist plan would accelerate the reduction of the 27-percent income-tax rate to 25 percent. Otherwise, this 25-percent rate is not scheduled to go into effect until the year 2007. Remember, the President signed a tax bill on June 7, last year, which was the largest tax reduction passed by the Congress in 20 years. That bill, signed by the President, did reduce some rates immediately. But it also scheduled various rate reductions in the year 2004 and 2006, both for all the rates except for the 10-percent rate and also the 15-percent rate, which were already low and had the benefit of other tax reductions, such as marriage penalty and child credit, and the refundable tax credit as well.  So what we do as an economic stimulus in the White House-centrist plan is speed up from the year 2007 to immediately, the year 2002, that 25-percentbracket but only that bracket. We do not touch the 35-percent bracket, for instance, which will not materialize until the year 2007.  The reduction of the 27-percent rate is going to benefit singles with taxable incomes as low as $27,000, heads of households with taxable income as low as $36,000, and married couples with taxable incomes as low as $45,000.  Obviously, what we are trying to do by gearing this rate reduction to make it permanent immediately, from 27 percent down to 25, is to make sure that people with incomes as low as $27,000, $36,000, and $45,000 have an opportunity to have less money taken from their paycheck. They would have that money in their pocket. They could spend it or invest it. Whatever they do with it, it would be a stimulus to the economy and probably much more beneficial as a stimulus to the economy than any of the other things we are doing, particularly including speeding up the accelerated depreciation for corporations and even small businesses.  I hope it is very clear from my concentrating on the lowest income that this is applicable to, for the 25-percent bracket, that these are not wealthy individuals. These are middle-class, working Americans. The Treasury Department has estimated that the White House-centrist plan's acceleration of the 27-percent rate reduction will yield $17.9 billion of tax relief in the year 2002 for over 36 million taxpayers, or approximately one-third of all income level taxpayers.  Also, business owners and entrepreneurs account for about 10 million of those benefiting from rate reduction. When you can do things to help small businesses, particularly small businesses that are not incorporated, you are helping the people who create jobs in America. So these small business people will benefit from this rate reduction from 27 percent down to 25 percent as well.  The White House-centrist plan also provides cash supplements to lower income persons who did not participate in last year's tax rebate. The amounts would be the same as the rebate that was signed by the President on June 7 last year: $300 for each individual, $600 for married filing jointly, and $500 for heads of household.  The advantage of the tax rebate in this instance, on the stimulus plan, is philosophically exactly the same as we had in mind last spring when we passed the bill signed by the President with the tax rebates in it. That was to get money out immediately, particularly to lower income people who maybe have a tendency to spend it more than people who get rebates--people who have higher incomes, and stimulate the economy for the benefit of the demand side of the equation because that also creates jobs.  So we are talking about individual rate reductions for middle-income people as a stimulus to the economy, we are talking about tax rebates for lower income people as a stimulus to the economy, and soon I am going to be speaking about bonus depreciation for businesses to encourage investment in businesses, large and small, to have another way of stimulating the economy.  The 30-percent bonus depreciation is one way of doing it. The small business expensing amount from $24,000 to $35,000 is the second way of doing it through business investment. This will further stimulate purchasing by small businesses.  The bipartisan White House-centrist plan also expands the net operating loss carryback period from 3 years to 5 years. This will allow businesses that are experiencing losses to improve their cashflow by reclaiming taxes paid to prior profitable years.  The plan also eliminates components of the alternative minimum tax that most often causes corporation taxes to increase during an economic downturn. Oddly enough, under the alternative minimum tax, when a corporation's income goes down, it can actually be penalized through having additional taxes applied to them through the alternative minimum tax.  I want to make very clear that this bill does not refund any alternative minimum tax credits that were accumulated over prior years. For instance, last fall you heard about the first bill to pass the House of Representatives. That bill has been shoved to the side. It is not the bill I am talking about here--the White House-centrist plan that for a second time passed the House of Representatives before Christmas. But that first proposal in the House of Representatives would have given cash refunds all at once for the alternative minimum tax credits.  You have recently been reading--and have discussed, I presume--about that plan which would have given Enron hundreds of millions of dollars for previous alternative minimum tax credits.  The White House-centrist plan, which passed the House of Representatives, as I said, as differentiated from that first bill that passed the House of Representatives, does not have the refund of those accumulated tax credits. So Enron would not benefit to the great extent you have been reading about in the papers. That is not stimulative. We didn't leave that out because of Enron. Enron was not an issue at the time this White House-centrist plan was written. We did it because refunding those tax credits is not a stimulus to the economy. We want this bill to be a stimulus to the economy as well as to dislocated workers through their time of anxiety and unemployment.  The White House-centrist package is a solid economic stimulus plan. It is a compassionate plan that puts displaced workers first, and it is a bipartisan plan that has votes of enough Republicans and Democrats to pass. Albeit, I confess, if somebody wants to say they don't want anything going through the Senate that doesn't have at least 60 votes to stop a filibuster, this would not have 60 votes. It seems to me that should not have been an issue prior to the holidays when we weren't allowed to bring this bill up, when you consider that the former Secretary of Treasury under the Clinton administration was saying we ought to have a stimulus package. Alan Greenspan, Fed Chairman, was saying we ought to have a stimulus package. The President of the United States and leaders of both political parties in the House of Representatives and in the Senate were saying we ought to have a stimulus package. Albeit, what kind of a stimulus package? There was some disagreement over that. But at the time of adjournment just before the holidays we had a bipartisan vote to get this bill to the President, and we weren't able to bring it up.  That was a time of anxiety. We could have put that anxiety behind for all of these people who are unemployed and we would not be debating this issue right now.  We have lost, I suppose, 5 or 6 weeks since our adjournment prior to Christmas. Here we are debating a stimulus package. I hope we have a chance to reach an agreement and get this completed and hopefully avoid a conference with the House. But if we have to go to conference with the House, we will have a stimulus package.  Quite frankly, there are Members of this body who probably thought before Christmas that we would definitely need a stimulus package who now may have some question about it, considering the fact that unemployment last month was stable and because of the fact that we had a two-tenths percent growth of gross domestic product the last quarter of last year. Economists tell us they think the economy is turning around. I tend to see those as good prospects for the continued growth of the economy.  But the reason I want a stimulus package even in light of all of that is the fact that most recessions after an uptick--in other words, in a recovery, there is growth but then there is a downtick somewhere along the line. Two or three-quarters out, there is a downturn in the economy, not having an official recession, which is a two-quarters downturn. If we can pass a stimulus package even in light of what we hope is an improving economy, it seems to me that we could have an insurance policy against having a downtick in the recovery as we have had in most recoveries in recent decades.  We have an opportunity to do for the unemployed workers two things: One, help them during this time of unemployment with additional unemployment compensation of 13 weeks, and to help with their insurance costs that they might not otherwise be able to keep during their time of unemployment. But most importantly, because workers would rather have a job than have unemployment checks, we have an opportunity through the tax rebatefor low-income people, through the 25-percent bracket for middle-income taxpayers, and through the accelerated depreciation for corporations and the expensing for small businesses, to create jobs. These workers, then, would get their paychecks from their own productivity. That is what the workers of America want.  That is why we should have an opportunity to pass this White House-centrist bipartisan bill that has passed the House of Representatives. It can be brought up in the Senate at any time, and we can get it to the President with the assurance that the President will sign it. That is what the President said he would do.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  