 President, I wish to speak against the Hollings amendment that is before the Senate. I will tell you two reasons I strongly oppose the amendment.  My comments are in regard to why trade adjustment assistance should not be expanded in the way Senator Hollings proposes it. Before I give those reasons, I remind my colleagues of the tremendous expansion of trade adjustment assistance that is already in the bipartisan bill before the Senate. A lot of programs that are part of trade adjustment assistance have never been part of the program in the 40-year history of trade adjustment assistance.  We in a bipartisan way in this body are very concerned about workers who are dislocated for trade or economic reasons. The usual retraining and support programs are being continued, but as one of several examples of additional programs, we are going to provide health insurance benefits for dislocated workers because of trade under trade adjustment assistance.  When I speak against any further outrageous expansions of this program, as Senator Hollings' amendment would do, I do not want anybody saying that those of us who oppose it do not have any concern about those who are dislocated because of trade.  First, this is an extremely expensive, radical expansion of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program that cannot be justified in any fashion as a program that is related to trade. In fact, this amendment completely severs the traditional 40-year link between adjustment assistance and trade. All you have to do is work in one specific industry during a specific period of time and you are eligible to receive benefits.  The fact is, workers in the textile industry and in other industries as well often lose their jobs for reasons having nothing to do with trade. Often workers might lose employment because ofnew advances in technology, changes in the national economy, their company is not well run, or because of improvements in productivity. For all of those, we have programs on the books to help those dislocated workers, albeit dislocated unrelated to trade.  The textile industry in particular has seen tremendous changes because of new technology, such as the introduction of new computer-assisted design techniques that have often transformed many labor-intensive jobs into more high-tech workplaces over the past decade.  While it is certainly regrettable that these new developments in technology mean some workers lose their jobs, we should try to help these workers and help their families at the same time and do it as much as we can through other types of assistance. They are not workers, though, who have lost their jobs because of trade.  Furthermore, I do not know on what basis we can simply give Government benefits to workers in one industry but not to workers in other industries. Do not workers in industries other than textiles also deserve the same treatment?  The bottom line is the purpose of trade adjustment assistance. It is designed to help workers who are adversely affected solely because of trade.  This amendment would signal a radical transformation of trade adjustment assistance into another welfare program with no connection to trade. It would also sharply boost the cost of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. According to the Congressional Budget Office, this provision alone would cost over $700 million in a 10-year period. That would nearly double the cost of the entire Trade Adjustment Assistance Program with just the one provision: The provision put forth by Senator Hollings.  I regret that any American loses his or her job. There is nobody who wants to see an American lose their job. I have had the opportunity twice in my industrial employment to lose jobs, once in 1960 and once in 1971.  In 1971, I drew unemployment compensation for a short period of time. I know what it is like to be dislocated from a job, but I was not dislocated because of trade. There were other programs that helped me during that period of time, and those programs are available for people because we know that losing a job is a terrible blow to an individual. It affects the entire family. But there are other programs designed to help these individuals.  We should not take money away from other Federal programs and from other pressing needs in our country to pay benefits under a trade adjustment assistance program to workers just in one industry, and particularly when they are not affected by trade.  I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment.  Mr. President, while I have time remaining, I wish to speak generally--how much time do I have Mr. President?  