 I don't do it as a leader, but I want to observe some things which have been said and to respond to them kind of in the sense of how I see it as one Senator, the Senator from Iowa.  I happen to be the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee that has jurisdiction over tax legislation, tax credits, health insurance, unemployment compensation, and most issues that deal with the stimulus package.  My involvement, particularly with Senator Baucus as chairman of the committee, and obviously the top Democrat on the committee, has been in trying to arrive at some sort of bipartisan agreement on a stimulus package. We are not given much credit for what we have tried to do, if you compare the environment laid out by the Senate majority leader.  For instance, I don't think it takes into consideration the fact that sometimes during our negotiations Senator Baucus was under an unwritten rule laid down by the Senate majority leader that if two-thirds of the Democrat caucus didn't agree with what he was negotiating or what he had agreed to, then it could not be accepted. That probably wasn't meant as a hard and fast rule, but it was surely interpreted as putting Senator Baucus in an impossible position to negotiate.  If Senator Lott, as my leader, told me to not negotiate for anything if you do not have two-thirds of the Republican caucus behind it, effectively that would end negotiations. I wouldn't want to be negotiating under those circumstances. I do not know how you can arrive at agreement.  If both political parties had a rule that you couldn't negotiate anything unless at least two-thirds of each caucus was behind it, that would be like saying you ought to have two-thirds of the Senate to pass any bill. We have some very conservative Members in the Republican Party--one-third of our group would be about 16 or 17 people--who could nullify anything I was negotiating because I am not as conservative as they are. If they had a veto over it, nothing could be done. On the same hand, there are probably 16 to 17 very liberal Members of the Democrat Party. If they have a veto over some of the things we are trying to get and which the center core of the Senate can agree to, nothing is going to be negotiated on that side either. That was the situation we had sometimes during the debate last fall.  