 President, I rise to speak in support of the amendment.  Bonus depreciation was one of the proposals that both Chairman Greenspan and former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin uniformly endorsed for a stimulus package.  They argued accelerating depreciation was the most stimulative thing that we could do to jump start the economy.  They said it would increase cash flows and add to asset values.  They lauded its immediate stimulus effect on the economy and emphasized that a temporary enactment would not have long-term budgetary impact.  Despite all these advantages and the endorsement of Chairman Greenspan and former Clinton Treasury Secretary Rubin, and Democrats have give us an inadequate depreciation proposal.  They would allow 30 percent bonus depreciation for only 1 year.  Granted, this is an improvement on their first idea. That was to allow only 1 percent bonus for 1 year.  The bipartisan White House-Centrist economic stimulus package offered a solid proposal calling for a 30 percent bonus depreciation over 3 years.  Senator Daschle's bonus depreciation proposal is only for one year. Now what does 1-year period allow us to stimulate?  Well, it probably gives business people time to buy an office copier, desks, or some new throw rugs for front office.  But I do not think this bill includes any incentives to continue projects that are already in the pipeline.  It does not give companies time to do a major project, which could generate thousands of jobs.  It does not allow us to build heavy equipment, modernize a lumber mill, repair a railbed, revamp a management information system for a factory, or construct an airplane.  Farmers may not see an economical turnaround until after 2002. When they do, they will need to update their equipment. The farm economy has been so bad for so long that many farmers have not been in a financial position to replace unreliable equipment. They will need more time than 1 year to do this.  And aircraft is an interesting point. This is one of the industries that has been hit the hardest by the events of September 11.  We know from our discussions with the few remaining U.S. aircraft manufacturers, that it can take up to 18 months to build an airplane.  One year is not enough time to finish a project of this size.  Moreover, a 1-year bonus depreciation period does not provide insurance against a future down tick in our recovery cycle. This commonly occurs as an economy struggles to throw off the shackles of recession. We need to capture a booming economy not just for today but for the next several years.  Economic growth is key to eliminating the future budget deficits that have been forecast by the CBO.  So I must emphasize that the Democrat's 1-year bonus depreciation package is seriously lacking in economic weight.  It is a temporary proposal for what should be the centerpiece of an economic recovery package.  Bonus depreciation is probably the best idea any stimulus proposal. Senator Daschle's proposal simply fails to recognize its importance to our economy.  