 President, I would like to go back to a very important subject that the Senator from Indiana brought up, and that is whether or not the bill is compliant in the future with some of our World Trade Organization obligations.  I think it is very obvious that the committee anticipated that it might not be compliant because on page 35 of the report there is a paragraph on the Secretary of Agriculture doing an adjustment to farm payments if that becomes a problem.  I cannot find fault with the writers of the legislation for putting this in here because in the other body, in the House bill--a Republican bill--they saw this as a problem, too.  On page 131 of that House bill it says: The Secretary may make adjustments in the amount of such expenditures during that period to ensure that such expenditures do not exceed but in no case be less than such allowable levels.  To me, it is a very serious problem we have; albeit, you might say it is going to happen--if it happens at all--in a minority of the instances because, as the Senator referred to FAPRI of Iowa State and Missouri, you said you think they said it would happen 30 percent of the time.  But if you are in a situation where it happens that 37 percent of the time and we exceed and we are retaliated against, and that would be legal retaliation and it would be retaliation at a time, presumably, we get high payments, farmers are already in trouble or they wouldn't get the additional payments. So you could find yourself in a situation where at the very time prices are going down, and we also have the additional problems that we can't export because we are being retaliated against, that just at the time farmers need the safety net, then that safety net has one great big hole in it.  We need to find some way to protect the American farmer so that the safety net the farmer has doesn't have a big hole in it. And we ought to also do it because we are in the leadership of all the nations of the world on reducing barriers to trade, particularly through our work in the Cairns group of nations. We are trying to get impediments to agricultural trade down to zero, both from the standpoint of market opening and from the standpoint of tariffs. That is our goal in the next round of negotiations under WTO.  If we are a nation in trade that believes in the rule of law, we have to follow the rule of law. We anticipate we would be in trouble on that because of the farm bill. It seems to me at a time that we are talking about a safety net for farmers, we ought to do what we can to make sure that hole is mended before this bill leaves the Senate. If it goes to the House and the House is willing to ignore it, then where are we? We are in a situation where down the road 5 to 10 years, depending on how long a farm bill we have, we have a big potential problem for the American family farmer. When they need help, they aren't going to get it. We can't go to the WTO and complain because we ourselves have recognized the possibility we might be in jeopardy.  In this regard, since we are going into the negotiations in the WTO--they start next week--I think, in the special round on agriculture that is going to be discussed in Geneva, for example, even the larger negotiations of the Doha development round, we are hoping to accomplish a great deal in reducing or eliminating tariff barriers and tariffs on agricultural products. In fact, it is such an important item, I think eventually we are going to start referring to this as the agricultural round. We are going to set an example. We have always tried to set an example.  Where we are, if we pass a bill that potentially violates WTO, we are giving encouragement to the competitor that we most have trouble with--Europe. Europe has about 85 percent of all of the subsidies for exports in the entire world. Europe has about a $400 billion common agricultural program.  We want that common agricultural program reduced. I think Europe knows they have to reduce it. We are going to be in a situation where we pass this legislation and, as they are looking at their common agricultural program, which they are doing, they are going to put off the big decisions of reducing that until probably the year 2005.  In the process of our complaining to them about they aren't doing enough, they are obviously going to cite not only what they believe the impact of our legislation is, but they are also going to cite that our legislation actually recognizes that as based upon this paragraph on page 35 and based upon the House bill.  I don't know why we don't live in the real world and why we don't try to deal with this. I am not saying that in a denigrating way to the Senator from Indiana. I am just saying that in a commonsense approach because he recognizes it. I suppose for the people who write the bill, they don't find an easy way to get out of it other than putting this paragraph and this language in the respective bills of the House and the Senate. This isn't directed towards Democrats because Republicans have put us in this boat as well.  I know that the White House sees this as a problem. They want us to work our way out of it. I happened to be able to have breakfast this morning with the person who is going to succeed Mr. Mooree as executive for the World Trade Organization, Dr. Supachai Panitchpakdi of Thailand. He is a parliamentarian there. He is going to take over in September. He expressed this concern to me as well. And, by the way, his country is very much a participant in the Cairns group that wants to eliminate agricultural subsidies. He reminded me, even though he has a small country, his agricultural subsidies are $1.3 billion compared to Europe's $400 billion. But regardless, he says that it does not put the United States in a very good position going into the Doha round of negotiations to be able to say to the other 142 nations, in particular, as we address the 77 developing nations within the World Trade Organization that tend to be more protective about their agriculture, and wanting to do less in this area, it doesn't put us in a very good position if we are writing legislation that we recognize is a potential violation of the world trading organization because we are exceeding the $19.1 billion that is in the amber box limit.  I have put forth some suggested amendments, a couple different approaches that I would have to confess maybe don't totally meet our requirements under the WTO, but I think tend away from heavy reliance upon price and heavy reliance upon production, which are the two items that if we tie our payments to tend to make us violate amber box requirements.  I want to work with both managers of the bill and see what we can do about this. To repeat the two or three reasons why I want to work with them, because, No. 1, we brag about passing a safety net for farmers, that safety netshould be a pretty certain safety net for the next 5 to 10 years, the length of the legislation. At a time when it is most needed, it should be most predictable what would happen.  This language tells me that the bankers, to whom we are always listening, have to know what the farm program is going to be so they can make loans to farmers. They are going to look at this and say: We really don't know.  