 President, I wish to speak once again, before the vote this afternoon at 2:45 p.m., on the Graham prescription drug bill and point out that that bill sunsets in the year 2010. Also, it omits coverage of most drugs. First of all, the fact the bill sunsets on December 31, 2010, ought to be an overriding factor of how people vote on this amendment.  Pages 78 and 79 of the bill say ``drug coverage must stop after December 31, 2010.'' That is section 1860(k), for people who want to look it up and verify what I am saying.  The Graham-Miller-Kennedy bill would not provide, if enacted, a permanent Medicare prescription drug benefit.  In the tripartisan bill, we are talking about a plan that is permanent. There is no sunset because we know that senior citizens on December 31, 2010, are not going to sunset themselves. They are going to need prescription drugs on January 1, 2001, just as much as they did on December 31, 2010.  We have a bipartisan program that is permanent and continues drug coverage in the future. Why? Because prescription drugs ought to be a part of Medicare as much in the year 2002 as hospitalization was a very important part of Medicare in 1965.  Medicare beneficiaries should understand that there is no guarantee that a prescription drug plan being offered by Senators Graham, Miller, and Kennedy, will continue to cover their drug expenses after 2010.  Some refer to this as a sunset, but I wish to make clear, as this chart points out very well, that this is just one very obvious big black hole in this program that will sunset in the year 2010. Sunsetting a Medicare Program seems to be a very strange thing to do. Medicare is an entitlement program. Dependability has been one of its central features. So why should a new drug benefit be any different than any other program that we have--hospitalization, doctor care, or other provisions in Medicare that we have had since 1965.  There is no need to speculate as to why the sponsors sunset their program in 2010. It is a device to make the costs of the bill appear lower than it otherwise would be. In other words, it is a mere gimmick.  I point out another very crucial flaw with the Graham amendment and restrictive formularies that might keep beneficiaries from getting help with their medications that they and their doctor prefer. If we look at the tripartisan plan, any drug that is available, generic or patent that is available, what the doctor and what the patient decide is best for them is going to be available. There is a lower copay for generic drugs. We want to promote generic drugs over patented drugs if that is possible, but for sure we should not in any way limit the availability of drugs as is being done under the Democrat plan.  We have a poster that shows that 100-percent brand name drugs, albeit approved by the FDA, are going to be available under the program we have in the tripartisan bill, but only 10 percent of the brand name drugs are covered by the Graham-Daschle-Kennedy plan, a Government-run process certain to be time consuming and bureaucratic. If a beneficiary wants to appeal the fact that the drug they want and their doctor wants for them is not available under the Kennedy plan, it is possible to go through a Government appeal process to get the preferred drug covered.  Why should we put people to that test of bureaucratic decisionmaking when we have other programs that are available to make the drug that the doctor wants and thinks best for that patient? We do have that in the tripartisan plan. Controls on the pharmacy that can participate in the program, surely this is the biggest gap in coverage.  In any case, the important point is it is going to take another act of Congress to continue the program once it sunsets in the year 2010. Once a program like this sunsets, it could be difficult to pass legislation which would be required to extend it. I do not think that is a particularly good deal for our seniors. Having a drug benefit that disappears into a black hole is a terrible idea, as sunsetting is equivalent to disappearing into a black hole.  I would like to have Senators who are still in doubt about how they are going to vote this afternoon look at the tripartisan 21st century Medicare amendment as a reasonable alternative because it is bipartisan, because it is middle ground between the least expensive and the most expensive plans. It is not a big cost to Medicare, and it is something that brings permanency and that is predictable well into the future for Medicare. That is what we should have, and that is what we have in the tripartisan drug plan.  Any Senators on my side of the aisle who want to speak should get here soon.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  