 President, as we are getting set under the unanimous consent agreement before the Senate to take up a Lieberman amendment, I will speak about what we have in the bill on workers' rights and how we deal therewith.  The Trade Promotion Authority Act is a bipartisan bill that Senator Baucus and I have brought to the floor which contains the most comprehensive set of objectives on workers' rights and core International Labor Organization labor standards that have ever been included in any U.S. trade law dealing with international trade negotiations.  Respect for workers' rights consistent with core International Labor Organization standards is a clearly stated U.S. trade objective.  The President, in his contract with Congress, does our negotiating for us, since we cannot have 535 Members negotiating with 142 other countries. We have this contract with the President to do it. We direct the President through this contract, which is this bill we are considering, to seek greater cooperation between the International Labor Organization and the World Trade Organization.  Furthermore, the President is directed to strengthen the capacity of foreign governments to achieve core labor standards. The Department of Labor will offer technical assistance to these foreign governments. The President will seek a commitment by other governments to effectively enforce labor laws. The labor provisions will encourage countries to improve their labor laws without infringing on their sovereignty.  The labor negotiating objectives capture the key trade and labor provisions we have had before this Senate previously in the U.S.-Jordan Free Trade Agreement passed last summer.  Our contract with the President to negotiate for us contains the strongest labor positions our Government has ever taken regarding bargaining in the history of World Trade Organization negotiations over the last 25 years.  For the first time, U.S. trade law will include environment as a U.S. trade negotiating objective. The environmental provisions will encourage countries to improve their labor laws without infringing upon their sovereignty. Our President, through these directions, is to promote multilateral environmental agreements and consult with parties regarding consistency of such agreements with World Trade Organization rules. This addresses the widespread concern legitimately expressed that trade rules should not interfere with U.S. environmental treaties. This bill includes a requirement to conduct environmental reviews of future trade and investment agreements.  This is where we are. The bill before the Senate provides this contract for the President to negotiate with these other countries for us. And by the way, it is something we must pass by majority vote once it is done or it never becomes law. In this contract we have the strongest labor and environmental provisions ever.  The Senator from Connecticut will come to the floor and these will be under attack. He will try to amend these very strong provisions we have in this legislation because somehow the strongest provisions ever on labor and on environment, on trade legislation, are not good enough.  These are very much a very delicate compromise--issues that have been worked out between Republicans and Democrats, not just in this body but also in the other body. As you can tell, that was a very tenuous sort of agreement that you don't want to mess with so much because it only passed by a 1-vote margin, 215 to 214.  So when we have this sort of bipartisan approach on these very critical but sensitive issues such as labor and environment, we want to make sure we do not upset that. It is my view, as you will hear later on in debate when we get to the specifics of the amendment of the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Lieberman, that his amendments will upset this very carefully crafted bipartisan agreement.  I yield the floor.  