  Madam President, today in New Hartford, IA, at a local cooperative, the price of our corn would be $1.79.The price of our soybeans would be $3.96. So, obviously, with these historically low prices, we have to have a farm bill, a farm safety net. I want my colleagues to know I take into consideration the plight of the family farmer when I support legislation such as this.  Since there was the accusation that this might be social engineering, I think I ought to start with my explanation of a family farm. It could be a 30-acre truck farm in New Jersey. It could be several thousands of acres of ranchland in Wyoming, where it takes 20 acres to feed a cow-calf unit. A family farm, to me, is a farm, not judged by size, not judged by income--a family farm is determined by, first, whether or not the family controls the capital; second, the family does most or all the labor--and I would include in that those people getting dirt under their fingernails most of the time--and, third, that they are going to make all the management decisions.  That is as opposed to the nonfamily farm. It could be a corporate farm, but I don't want to denigrate the word ``corporate.'' Anyway, a corporate farm, a nonfamily farm, is where somebody provides the capital, they hire the management, and somebody else does the labor.  So we are talking about, in our family, where I don't get to help much but I try to help, my son does most of the work. He has an 18-year-old son in high school who helps. And once in awhile in the spring and in the fall, there is a neighbor, a young neighbor man who works in town, who will come out and maybe work into the night 1 or 2 hours a night, for that person to earn a little more money but also to help bring the crop in quickly, because you have to.  That is the kind of family farm I talk about when I talk about the family farm. I don't denigrate anybody else's definition of a family farm. I just want you to know what I am talking about.  When I talk about targeting farm programs to medium and small family farmers, I am not talking about something that is new. I am doing it in what is my understanding of the historical approach of farm programs for 70 years. The first 40 years of that 70 years we didn't have dollar limitations, but we really had lost--when 30 percent of the people were farming, we had a lot of small family farms. There was not any need to put a dollar limit on it. But in 1976 we put a $50,000 limit on it. In 1996, there was a $40,000 limit. Then there were people who figured out, How can I get around the $50,000? How can I get around the $40,000?  You can't write a bill, with the English language the way it is, that is perfect, that covers every instance. So we come back now and come back in a way that I think is historically targeting the farm program towards the medium and smaller farmers.  I don't disagree with everything Senator Lincoln said, because she said there are some groups out there trying to hit family farmers pretty hard while they claim to defend the family farm. But I want Senator Lincoln to understand where I am coming from and what I define as the family farm. I don't want to be doing something by subterfuge as do people who really want to hurt the family farm. I simply believe that $225,000 is enough.  But, more importantly, I have to ask the question: If we don't do this, where will it stop? The 1996 farm bill, even with the $450,000 limit, had other ways in which you could get up to $460,000. The managers' amendment in the bill that is before us sets this at $500,000. The House version is even worse. A Republican version, let me say, is even worse--$550,000. That doesn't even include the back-door things that can be used, such as through generic certificates that can go way above these already high limits to bring in the millions and millions that have been talked about here for some units.  I think we have to be very concerned in agriculture when we say we want a safety net for farmers. A sound safety net for farmers is good for everything that Senator Hutchinson said about social and economic stability. It is all about national security as well. But we are spending lots of taxpayer money.  We have to maintain urban support for our farm safety net. Maybe you can say if we pass this bill that we might not have to worry about it again for 10 years. But if you go on for 10 years with the bad publicity about what farm programs have been receiving because 10 percent of the farmers are getting 60 percent of all the benefit, where are Senator Lincoln and I going to be, if we are fortunate to be in the Senate, when the next farm bill comes up if we lose public support because of the outrageous payments that are being received?  We have to start asking ourselves: When is enough enough? How long will the American public put up with programs that send out billions of dollars to the biggest farm entities? All this does is damage our ability to help people we originally intended to help--the small- and medium-sized producers.  Look back at the intent of our first farm bills. We have never intended to subsidize every single acre and every single bushel. Our intent was to bolster the agricultural economy and keep people on the farm. Lowering limits to these reasonable levels that Senator Dorgan and I have done will not chase one small- or medium-sized producer off the farm. But the large entities will have to look to the market for their additional income above the $275,000, if you include a spouse.  If you do not believe me, let us turn this question over to farmers and ask them their judgment. You have heard my colleague, Senator Lincoln, talk about letters of opposition from certain farm commodity groups. But what do farmers actually think?  I had an opportunity during the break in January to hold 10 or 11 town meetings in my State just on the agriculture bill. I went through this amendment as intellectually honestly as I could, explaining to my constituents really what I wanted to do. I had 1 farmer out of those 10 meetings who said he disagreed with what I was trying to do. Do you know what happened after that meeting? People evidently didn't want to say it publicly. They came up to me afterwards and said they heard this other farmer say that he disagreed and that you shouldn't have these limits. He is an example of the very reason you have to have the limits that are in the Dorgan-Grassley amendment.  Probably more to your liking, if I don't talk about just Iowa, or my 10 town meetings, last year 27 of the Nation's land grant colleges from all the Nation's regions came together to poll farmers and ranchers on their opinions on the farm bill on the issue before us today. On this amendment, there was enormous consensus.  Nationwide, 81 percent of the farmers and ranchers agreed that farm income support payments should be limited to smaller farmers. Even when the results from farmers with less than $100,000 income were excluded, 61 percent of the Nation's farmers agreed that farm income support payments should be targeted to small farmers; that is, support across regional lines.  I will maintain the rest of my minute and yield the floor.  