 President, I had the good fortune of listening to the exchange between the junior Senator from California and the senior Senator from New York. The senior Senator from New York is not in the Chamber now. But I would like to point out that there is a lack of understanding of this legislation, particularly as it relates to that exchange they had over whether or not you can sue with regard to MTBE.  For all the pollution we have had from that product, there is nothing in this legislation that is going to restrict any lawsuits in regard to MTBE. So when there was an implication that if we did not adopt the amendment before us, that people who have been harmed would not be able to seek legal redress, that is totally false. It is misleading if anybody says that for MTBE, and damage done from it, there cannot be legal redress.  It is very important we make that clear because the water of California, the water of New York, and other States--there is even a little bit in my State--has been damaged because of this product, MTBE. If you drink MTBE, it will kill you. If you drink ethanol, it will not.  For the future--and this legislation is prospective--if there is any violation of the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, if there is any violation by any product, the Environmental Protection Agency has the power to make that determination. If that determination is made, then there is not a safe harbor under this legislation. So I think, as the distinguished Democratic whip has stated, there is ample opportunity for redress in this legislation.  I also point out another misstatement from the other side: that somehow you are not going to be able to hold big oil companies responsible involving anything to do with ethanol. You do not have to worry about holding them responsible anyway. The big oil companies are not producing ethanol.  Then, I remind the junior Senator from California, as I have said, I think on two other occasions during this debate over the last week, that we were proud of her and willing to work with her on a resolution in 1999 that she authored, to declare MTBE as something that should be outlawed, and that the reason it should be outlawed is the Clean Air Act requirements could be met because the oxygenate requirements of that act could be fulfilled because of the availability of ethanol.  Well, it is the same ethanol in the year 2002 as we were mixing with gasoline in 1999, or for the last 20 years, as far as that is concerned. The Senator from California, at that particular time, was giving accolades to ethanol as a substitute for MTBE.  Then, lastly, since I am a Republican, I might be suspect from the other side of the aisle, but about 6, 7 years ago, Senator Harkin, my colleague from Iowa, had a hearing on ethanol versus MTBE in relation to its safety, its use, et cetera, and Senator Harkin gave a demonstration for all of the Senate that was involved in that committee.  He had a small glass of ethanol, and he drank it. You can talk all you want about the dangers of ethanol, but Senator Harkin is very much alive and well, years after he took that small amount of ethanol. He also had some MTBE there with the skull and crossbones on the can that said how poisonous it was. So I think we need to get the facts straight before this Senate.  Again, the exchange that went on a few minutes ago from the senior Senator from New York to the junior Senator from California was misleading in relation to people not having legal redress in this law against damage from MTBE.  I yield the floor.  