 President, I rise in support of the Byrd-Grassley Amendment regarding Department of Defense credit cards. Many of my colleagues will be aware of the ongoing oversight investigation that I have been involved with for over 2 years now looking into abuses of government purchase cards and travel cards issued by the Department of Defense. Working with the GAO, Chairman Horn's subcommittee in the House, and others, we have been able to uncover a disturbing number of instances where DoD issued credit cards have been abused. We're not just talking about little abuses either. These cards have been used to purchase everything from cars to Caribbean cruises. They have been used for mortgage payments and for cash in adult entertainment establishments. The horror stories go on and on.  It is unfortunate that we are just now finding out about many of these instances of fraud and abuse, but I am pleased that Secretary Rumsfeld appears to be taking this problem seriously. The Office of Management and Budget has announced a crackdown on credit card abusers and salary offsets and other tools are being used to recover funds from unauthorized charges. However, the question remains, ``How were these abuses allowed to occur in the first place?'' The answer is ineffective internal controls. Receipts are not always matched with statements and inventory is not checked to make sure that DoD got what it paid for. We also know that the Army doesn't always ask for the credit cards back when individuals leave the service. If you leave the cookie jar unguarded with the lid off, people are going to reach in and help themselves when no one is looking.  Perhaps most alarming is the lack of credit checks. It seems obvious that credit checks should be done on individuals before issuing them a government credit card, but this is not currently the case. Not only is no one double checking to make sure these credit cards are used appropriately, but no one is checking to see if the individuals they are issued to are up to the responsibility. A little diligence up front could prevent millions of dollars in fraudulent purchases that leave the bank or the taxpayer holding the bill.  It is also true that once credit card abuses have been discovered, not enough is done to follow up. I am glad that DoD is finally recovering money that has been misspent, but this shouldn't be the end of the story. Those who abuse the trust that has been placed with them should not get off scott-free. There have been individuals who have been court marshaled for fraudulent transactions, while others with similar misdeeds have been promoted. In fact, many individuals with a record of questionable purchases continue to hold a security clearance. Under existing DoD rules, a person's level of financial responsibility is a key factor in determining whether that person holds a security clearance. Beyond simply requiring repayment, DoD needs to review the positions these people hold and consider disciplinary action. Failure to do so could even put our national security at risk.  The Byrd-Grassley Amendment requires the Department of Defense to take the initial steps necessary to address many of these problems that have been uncovered in our ongoing investigation. I commend Senator Byrd for his initiative and leadership in this area and I am pleased to associate myself with this amendment.  First, the Byrd-Grassley Amendment stems the tide of DoD credit cards, which are apparently being handed out willy-nilly to just about everyone, by limiting the number of government charge card accounts that may be issued in fiscal year 2003 to 1,500,000. The amendment also requires that DoD must evaluate the creditworthiness of an individual before issuing a government charge card and prohibits DoD from issuing a card to anyone found not credit worthy. Finally, the Byrd-Grassley amendment requires DoD to establish guidelines and procedures for disciplinary actions against DoD personnel for improper, fraudulent, or abusive use of government charge cards, including reviewing and possibly modifying or revoking security clearances. The Secretary of Defense would then be required to report to the congressional defense committees on theimplementation of these requirements by June 30, 2003.  The requirements in the Byrd-Grassley Amendment are all well founded based on what I and others have been able to uncover regarding DoD credit card abuses. They are all measures that should be put in place by DoD without delay as a starting point toward getting this credit card debacle under control and preventing future abuses. This amendment shouldn't be needed as one would think all of the provisions would be implemented by DoD out of simple common sense. However, I assure you that it is needed, and I urge my colleagues to join Senator Byrd and me in this important initiative.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from Hawaii.  