 He is being transparent, and I would like to be transparent on it. There are jobs affected in our State. For the Senator from Michigan, the Presiding Officer, it is my understanding there is a company in her State called Heat Controller, Inc., that would not be able to meet these SEER 13 standards, and that there would be jobs in jeopardy at Heat Controller. You may want to check that out, but that is what my information tells me. If I am wrong, I would like to be corrected.  So I compliment the Energy Committee because, generally, in this legislation they have had suggestions that push industry to do things that are more energy efficient. In most cases, those initiatives by this legislation and by the Energy Committee are not only good for saving energy, but they are also very good for the consumer.  Now, Senator Harkin has touched on this, that if we go to what is called SEER 13, 75 percent of the country, according to a map I have here, will not, through the life of the use of SEER 13 appliances, be able to get a payback. In other words, there is no benefit to the consumer. So this is one of the rare instances in which the Senate Energy Committee has a suggestion in their legislation that might save energy, but is very costly to the consumer. We want to promote things that are energy efficient, but we also want to promote things that are good for the consumer.  Most of the time, you buy energy-efficient appliances. Recently--maybe 3 years ago--I had an opportunity, and a necessity, to buy a new furnace for my farmhouse in Iowa. In looking at what to buy, they could very quickly say, well, if you buy our furnace, within 5 or 7--I am not sure how long, but it was a relatively short period of time--you will save enough on LP gas to pay for it. Buy one of these thermostats that is automatically controlled to go up and down with the heat, and in a certain period of time it is paid for.  In this particular instance, the Senate Energy Committee has offered us a proposal that will save energy, yes; but for people in 75 percent of the country, geographically--I don't know how that is population-wise--there is not a payback.  So that is why I ask this body to look at the wisdom of this particular provision in this bill. Obviously, I am asking you to look at the wisdom that is behind the amendment offered by the Senator, my colleague from Iowa.  The Department of Energy has authority, through the rulemaking process, to set these standards. The Department of Energy is required by statute, under the National Appliance Energy Conservation Act, to set these standards and to do it in a way ``that is economically justified and technologically feasible.''  So I think the underlying legislation--which we can obviously change if we want to, and I think it is unwise to change--the underlying statute calls for it to be economically justified. This is one that is technologically feasible; it saves energy, but it doesn't appear to be economically justified by going from 12 to 13. What we are trying to do is overturn precisely what the bill does in the first place. The Department of Energy is considering a rule based on information and based on analysis from several years' worth of submission during the rulemaking process. Unfortunately, this bill seeks to take action that would raise the standard--a 30-percent increase in efficiency--and to do it clearly, without consideration of information collected by the Department of Energy.  Had the authors of this bill considered the evidence regarding the economic impact of a 30-percent increase, they would have soon realized it is contrary to the statutory criterion imposed on the Department of Energy which requires that it be economically justified.  Economically, a 13 SEER standard just doesn't make sense. For example, 75 percent of the consumers purchasing 13 SEER units will incur a net cost. At the end of the lifetime of the product, the savings in operating costs won't be sufficient to offset the additional up-front costs of that particular product--besides the fact that some companies, as I have implied to the Senator from Michigan, are not able to make SEER 13 and maybe it would really harm those jobs as a result of that additional complication.  This is particularly true for consumers in the middle and northern tiers of the United States. Critics claim that the additional cost of the 13 SEER product is insignificant. However, the Energy Information Administration conducted an independent review of the economic impact of imposing either a 30-percent increase in SEER, which this bill proposes, and a 20-percent increase. The Energy Information Administration concluded that a 20-percent increase would result in savings of $2.3 billion in energy costs for consumers while a 30-percent increase would actually cost consumers $600 million.  So based on that evidence, it is contrary to the best interest of the consumer. There is not a payback. The difference between the savings of $2.3 billion compared to a loss of $600 million is certainly significant and clearly does not justify a 30-percent increase.  The supporters of the 13 SEER standard also disregard the concerns expressed by the Department of Justice. A number of equipment manufacturers selling air-conditioners in the United States today don't offer products at 13 SEER. Which I mentioned to the Senator from Michigan. For that reason, the Department of Justice opposes a 13 SEER standard based on anti-competitive implications for the industry.  It is also important for my colleagues to understand exactly what the amendment offered by Senator Harkin and my colleague, Senator Cochran, would do. This amendment won't impose a lower standard for air-conditioners and heat pumps. It simply eliminates the 13 SEER mandate of the bill and requires the Department of Energy to determine an appropriate standard and set that standard within 60 days.  In conclusion, I urge my colleagues to oppose the 13 SEER standard in the bill that is not economically justified as the underlying, present law requires. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, which will allow the Department of Energy to complete the rulemaking process within a standard that is not only good for saving energy and technologically feasible, but also good for the consumer.  I yield the floor.  