 President, I am surely glad that this debate has begun. It is too bad we could not have started the debate on this bill on Monday or Tuesday of this week when the majority leader led us to believe that we would be doing nothing but prescription drugs until we got it done.  I am glad that we now have Senator Graham's alternative before us.  I thank Senator Hatch, who took the position as manager, while I was on the CNN program just a few minutes ago, to introduce the tripartisan bill on my behalf. That bill is a comprehensive prescription drug bill that represents a year of hard work by dedicated members of the Finance Committee, the committee that has jurisdiction over Medicare.  We have Senator Graham's bill that you have heard about tonight. Then we have this tripartisan bill. People wonder what the term ``tripartisan'' means. It means three Republicans, one Democrat, and one Independent in the Senate, but it also implies bipartisanship, or across-party cooperation that must be done to get any bill passed in the Senate.  Our legislation is called the 21st Century Medicare Act. It makes essential improvements to Medicare by adding the comprehensive prescription drug benefits, and a new Medicare fee-for-service option to the 1965 program. These are all first improvements in Medicare since it was introduced in 1965.  As I indicated to you, I have been honored to work with a top-notch group of Senators on this bill. That tripartisan group is Olympia Snowe, a Republican; John Breaux, a Democrat; Jim Jeffords, an Independent; and Orrin Hatch, a Republican. The group has dedicated countless hours to this effort.  I must express my disappointment that the Senate Finance Committee has not had an opportunity to consider legislation as part of the committee process. I trust that Senator Graham of Florida will feel the same way. However, the bottom line is America's seniors have waited too long--and too long already--for Medicare prescription drug coverage.  The House has acted in their fashion. The Senate must act as well. We cannot afford to waste a single day.  I look forward to debating this important issue over the next few days and hope that the same bipartisan spirit of cooperation and compromise that guided the tripartisan group over the last year to write this bill will guide all Senators in this Chamber to an agreement that will give long overdue help to our seniors.  Since the tripartisan bill is now introduced, since we have the Democrat version, and Senator Graham's bill is introduced, and since there is some misunderstanding of the differences between the two, I will take just a little bit of time to go over those. I also will take just a little bit of time to express some differences between the bill that passed the House of Representatives because some people have alluded to that bill as something just exactly like the tripartisan bill, which it is not.  In regard to differences between Senator Graham's proposal and the tripartisan proposal that I have offered, the first would be cost.  The sheer magnitude of Federal spending in the Senate Democrat bill--an amount that is obscured by a sunset provision that kills the benefit in 2010--threatens Medicare's long-term stability. As such, the Senate Democrat bill gives seniors temporary help, not a permanent entitlement.  By contrast, the Congressional Budget Office official estimate concluded that the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act totals $370 billion over 10 years, a figure that guarantees permanent, affordable drug coverage without breaking the Medicare bank.  There is also the issue of choice that separates the tripartisan plan from the Democrat plan. The Democrat plan relies on the Government to pick one standard prescription drug plan for over 40 million seniors with Medicare. The one-size-fits-all approach means seniors cannot shop for a prescription drug plan that best suits their needs.  Under the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act, seniors are guaranteed to have at least two competing prescription drug plans in their community, even in rural areas, using local pharmacies as well. Seniors will have the choice of picking plans on the basis of cost, benefits, and quality. All plans will be required to meet Federal quality standards and to provide a standard benefit package, or its actuarial equivalent, including a $3,700 cap on out-of-pocket drug expenses for seniors.  There is a difference in drug pricing. Because the Democrat plan is overly bureaucratic and excessively generous, that plan does nothing to curtail or even slow skyrocketing prescription drug costs. That is why it is essential that any new prescription drug benefit contain cost management controls that moderate growth in price.  While guaranteeing a comprehensive drug coverage for all citizens, the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act imposes reasonable cost-sharing obligations on beneficiaries and promotes competition among prescription drug plans. And with competition being promoted in the bill, that then leads to a better overall effect on drug prices. And that, again, is according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office that does policy analysis and scoring for the Senate.  The other issue is affordability, affordability for seniors. Under the Senate Democrat plan, seniors face fixed copayment amounts that, in many instances, mean they will actually pay more for many of the most commonly prescribed drugs than they would under a system that gives prescription drug plans more flexibility to offer lower cost copayments.  That flexibility is a feature of the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act because it gives plans the freedom to offer copayments and deductibles that save seniors more money. Moreover, the tripartisan proposal has a lower average premium than the Democrat plan, and that would be $24. Again, this is according to a Congressional Budget Office estimate.  We have Medicare enhancements in the tripartisan bill that the Senate Democrat plan does not have because that plan leaves current Medicare as it is and simply dumps a massive entitlement expansion, which would be the prescription drug plan, into the old 1965 model.  The tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act takes long overdue steps to strengthen and improve Medicare's basic benefit package. In addition to adding prescription drug coverage, the bill offers seniors a new enhanced option, including catastrophic protection and free--let me emphasize, free--preventive care; in other words, adopting the principle that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.  This entire enhanced option is voluntary. If seniors like what they have had since 1965, they do not have to sweat it. They do not have to do it. They can keep what they have. Even 50 years from now they will still have that same choice, but they can also have the enhanced coverage as well. So it is voluntary. And Medicare, as we know it today, will always remain available to seniors who prefer to keep what they have, if they like it.  Improvements are made to yet another coverage option. That coverage option exists today. Medicare+Choice plans are also included. Beneficiaries need not elect the enhanced option in order to have access to the drug benefit plan.  I will finish, then, with a short description of why what the House of Representatives passed has nothing to do with the tripartisan plan.  The tripartisan plan was adopted on principles and pricing and costs, the way the five of us decided to do it. For instance, the House bill has a higher average premium. This is according to the CBO estimate. The average premium under the House bill is $34 per month. The average premium under the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act is substantially more affordable, at just $24 per month.  We have a much better benefit. The House bill limits the initial prescription drug benefit to $2,000 before exposing seniors to a gap in coverage. The tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act basic drug benefit is better and is richer than that in the House bill. Seniors will have drug coverage under the tripartisan plan worth 50 percent of their drug spending up to $3,450 after the deductible is met, and that is $1,450 more than what the House bill offers, even in its initial benefit.  We have greater protection for low-income seniors in this Senate version. The tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act steps in to give more help to low-income seniors where the House bill does not. It provides full assistance with premiums and substantial assistance with cost sharing for seniors below 135 percent of poverty with no gaps in coverage. For seniors between 135 percent and 150 percent of poverty, assistance with premiums and cost sharing is provided on a sliding scale, also with no gaps in coverage. This critical additional coverage for our most vulnerable seniors is an important distinction that reflects the tripartisan commitment to universal, affordable drug coverage for all.  And then, lastly, I will speak about our enhanced option to which I have already referred. The House bill leaves the 1960s-style Medicare largely as it is today. It does provide $30 billion in additional funds to Medicare providers, but it does little to strengthen or improve Medicare's basic benefit package.  Rather than addressing provider payment issues, the tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act addresses Medicare's benefit flaws. It offers seniors a voluntary enhanced option, including catastrophic protection, free preventive care, and better Medigap plans.  The new option would be offered alongside current fee-for-service Medicare and a strengthened Medicare+Choice. Seniors can keep what they have if they like it or choose the new option. In all three settings, access to affordable prescription drug coverage would be guaranteed.  I just mention the difference, that the House bill does not have a new and improved and modernized Medicare option that we have in the tripartisan bill.  (Mr. Jeffords assumed the Chair.)  