 President, soon we will cast what could be our final votes on a new Medicare prescription drug benefit. I am deeply disappointed with the process that brought us to this point, a process that ignored the good bipartisan will on the Finance Committee in favor of politics and partisanship that has seemed to dominate the debate on the floor of the Senate.  However, I continue to believe that our bill, the Tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act, represents the broadest and best approach to providing prescription drug coverage.  Our work on this bill over the course of a full year involved fine Senators from every party. I have never been prouder to work in a bipartisan manner than with my colleagues Senator Hatch, Senator Breaux, Senator Snowe, and Senator Jeffords on probably the most important change in Medicare in the 37-year history of that legislation.  Together the five of us, bipartisan or tripartisan, whatever one wishes to call it, consulted stakeholders of all political persuasions and the Congressional Budget Office as we developed our policies over the last year. At every step of the way, we faced tradeoffs and made compromises, all in the spirit of cooperation, with the common goal of getting something done that could actually work without breaking the Medicare bank.  Our bill reflects the best of what good bipartisan cooperation can do. It offers seniors affordable coverage on a permanent basis. It does not sunset, and it does not take brand name drugs away from our seniors. It improves and enhances other unfair aspects of the Medicare Program, and it does it all on a voluntary basis. It does so at a total cost that reasonable people from both parties should be able to support--$370 billion over 10 years.  I urge my colleagues to remember that anything that comes to the floor on a purely partisan basis, such as the Graham-Kennedy bill before us right now, is destined to failure, and I remind everyone again that nothing ever passes this body on a partisan basis alone. Around here, it takes bipartisanship to make things happen, and apparently the Democrat leadership is not interested in making things happen for our senior citizens.  Our bill is built on a bipartisan foundation. Had it been given a chance to be debated in the Senate Finance Committee, it could no doubt have been improved further still, but we were denied that chance all because the other side did not want real debate. They wanted a real issue instead.  I urge my colleagues, especially those on the other side of the aisle, to listen closely when Senators claim to care about bipartisanship. Our bill is the only bipartisan prescription bill in all of Washington, DC, this year. It deserves consideration of the full Finance Committee, but since we have been denied that right by the Democratic leadership, it deserves your vote today.  The bill, other than the tripartisan bill before us, is without a doubt a program for big Government. Rather than allow prescription drug plans to design cost savings and innovative benefits that best suit seniors' needs, the Graham-Kennedy bill requires Federal bureaucrats to set up 10 regional drug formularies, basically deciding which prescription drugs seniors can and cannot access.  Under Graham-Kennedy, plans would not compete with one another. It would not be allowed to deviate from a regional drug formula, thus restricting seniors' choices. Plans would be further restricted from offering more than two brand name drugs in a therapeutic class.  This approach puts control squarely in the hands of bureaucrats in Government, and we know from experience that exclusive Government control over medicine has not worked well. The Government has lagged many years behind the private sector in covering immunizations, physicals, mammograms, and other preventive care in Medicare.  By contrast, the Tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act approach puts control in the hands of our senior citizens. The bill guarantees multiple plans will compete in each region of the country, giving seniors a choice to pick the plan that best suits their needs and the right to get out of plans that do not meet their needs.  The tripartisan bill also does not restrict plans from offering more drug choices and better overall drug coverage. Under the tripartisan bill, private plans compete for seniors, not Government bureaucrats. What if the specific drug a senior relies on is not on the regional Government formulary? The Graham-Kennedy bill forces seniors to go through multiple layers of bureaucratic red tape to convince the Government to give them the drugs that their doctors think they need.  The tripartisan bill lets seniors and their doctors decide what drugs they should receive.  Take your choice. We have it within the next 5 minutes. I hope you will vote for the tripartisan plan.  