 The rest of the country is trying to help California get through their oxygenate standards and to get over the business of polluting water with MTBE which their oil companies wanted to use and got a mandate for in the last Clean Air Act.  Somehow, notwithstanding all this help, the Senators from California do not realize how good the agricultural States and even other States are trying to be to California to get through this problem. For example, a lot of farmer cooperatives have helped invest $1.4 billion in small ethanol plants and ethanol expansion in order to provide the product needed to help California to meet the requirements of the Clean Air Act.  We already have the Governor of California sticking it to the farmers--particularly the farmers who have created the small co-ops to produce ethanol--by delaying one year, the MTBE ban that he said 3 years ago would take effect at the end of this year. So now farmers have to wait through 2003 before they get the market created by the MTBE ban. It is putting the investment of these small co-ops in danger.  The Senators from California can talk all they want about helping ADM. ADM will survive. The financial investments of the small co-ops will be harmed.  So now, in addition to the damage the Governor of California has been done by delaying the MTBE ban by 1 year, now the Senators want to delay another year.  The Senators will help ADM and hurt the farmers who have been trying to build the smaller plants so there is more competition in ethanol and also more value-added benefits of ethanol go to the individual family farmer, instead of ADM.  So I make it clear, this 1 more year delay, in addition to the year delay caused by the Governor of California, is doing damage to the people that Senators say they want to help. Senators say they do not want dependence upon ADM, but they will make themselves more dependent on ADM.  And now to clear up something about the mixture of ethanol with gasoline. The senior Senator from California said you bring ethanol to the refinery and it is injected. Let me tell how simple it is to mix ethanol and gasoline together. In the tanker, you put the 10-percent mix of ethanol in the tanker and add the other 90 percent of gasoline. This can be done at the terminal, not at the refinery. You go down theroad and it is splash blended. It is not a technologically complicated process of mixing ethanol with gasoline to create what we call gasohol.  The other thing I think the Senate should be reminded of regarding not having refinery capacity, how long has it been since you built a refinery in California? It has been decades. That is not our problem; that is your problem that you don't have this refinery capacity because of the attitude ``not in my backyard.''  Now, key points regarding this amendment: The bill before the Senate provides for a gradual phase-in of the use of renewable fuels beginning with 2.3 billion gallons in the year 2004 and growing to 5 billion gallons over an additional 8-year-period of time. So there is plenty of time to meet the needs under this legislation.  The gradual phase-in of the renewable fuels standard provides a very orderly transition allowing ethanol capacity and infrastructure modifications to expand to meet market demand.  Nevertheless, we have this delaying tactic before the Senate. It is being presented out of fear of disruptions of supply and price. The facts show there is no need to delay our fuel standard and there is no fear of disruptions. The original agreement implemented the renewable fuels provisions beginning 2003 in an effort to assure all parties that ethanol capacity expansion and infrastructure modifications needed to meet demand would be completed, and we made the renewable portfolio standards delayed by 1 year, until the year 2004.  The U.S. ethanol industry has the capacity to produce 2.3 billion gallons of ethanol per year. Right now we produce 1.8 billion gallons per year. Plants currently under construction will increase capacity to 2.7 billion gallons by the end of this year. Clearly, there is more than enough ethanol capacity to meet the needs of the first year of the program, beginning 2 years from now.  Ethanol producers have expanded capacity to meet demands. In response to State calls for the removal of MTBE from gasoline, America's farmers responded, investing in ethanol plants and adding 1 billion gallons of new capacity in just these 2 years. Delaying the renewable fuels provision will result in significant oversupply in the ethanol market, harming new entrants in the ethanol market. Predominantly, these are farmer-owns facilities, likely resulting in some plant shutdown.  A delay will wreak havoc on the fuel supply markets as ethanol plants shut down as a result of delay. The petroleum industry will lose potential sources of supply necessary to meet renewable fuel requirements the following year when the program begins, disrupting markets and actually raising the potential for price increases to consumers.  By the way, I want to respond to the so-called tax on consumers. There is not any place I have been in my State that you have to pay one penny more for gasoline with ethanol in it. Most times you get it for 2 cents cheaper, sometimes 3 cents cheaper. Most of the time it is priced exactly the same. Don't talk to me about a tax on consumers because ethanol is in gasoline.  Today, oil refineries are operating at near full capacity, leaving no room in the system for unexpected shutdowns, fires, or pipeline disruptions.  Delaying the renewable fuels provision by a year will further constrain domestic supply, leaving consumers vulnerable to price hikes.  Last, I think we also have to remember there is a certain amount of camaraderie around this body that has to be respected. That is that we do have some very basic agreements put together in regard to getting a bipartisan energy bill through this body.  The historic bipartisan compromise on fuels issues in this bill represents a carefully crafted agreement among oil industry, ethanol producers, agricultural groups, environmental and public health interest groups, including the American Lung Association, the Union of Concerned Scientists, and Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management, among others.  So let's keep this carefully crafted agreement together so we can get a bill passed and maintain a bipartisan approach to the energy problems of this country.  I yield the floor.  