R. 4775, that is now going through the conference process within the Senate and will soon be voted on by this body.  This provision is of serious concern to me because it falls within the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee and it was not voted on nor reviewed by the committee.  Senator Baucus and I sent a joint letter in June expressing our deep concern about the inclusion of this provision in the bill and asked the chairman of the Appropriations Committee to oppose this provision due to our jurisdiction concerns.  Section 1405 of the House bill pertains language that will amend two U.S. trade preference programs: the Caribbean Basin Economic Recovery Act and the Andean Trade Preference Act.  The amendment requires certain fabric to be dyed and finished in the United States in order for apparel sewn from such fabric in the Carribean or Andean region to enter the United States duty-free.  Regardless of how my colleagues feel about the requirement for fabric to be dyed and finished in the United States to qualify for duty-free treatment they should respect the jurisdiction of the Finance Committee under the trade laws of this Congress.  Our committee has oversight over carefully balanced programs that were developed after years of close study and deliberations in the Finance Committee and the House Committee on Ways and Means.  During the debate of the Bipartisan Trade Act of 2002 when Senator Byrd asked for Senator Baucus and I to respect the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Committee by striking all authorization language in the trade bill while we were debating the legislation on the floor.  Senator Baucus and I addressed the Senator's concerns by stopping the debate and revising the legislation so as to not encroach upon the jurisdiction of the Appropriations Committee.  I am deeply dismayed about the Finance Committees' concerns not seriously being considered about the dyeing and finishing provision which is clearly in our jurisdiction.  I would hope my colleagues would be more considerate of the problem we have with the House being able to slip provisions in the supplemental hoping to sneak it through the legislative process otherwise the legislative process will become a free-for-all.  If the provision is a good piece of legislation then my colleagues in the House should be willing to have an open dialogue with the Finance Committee members and address our concerns.  Alarms should go off when people try to slip legislation by hoping that no one will catch it.  I am disappointed because this is not the way we are suppose to do business around here.  There are several good reasons why committees were established and given jurisdiction over specific issues.  The Finance Committee members are the experts on trade, therefore all issues involving trade should come through our committee.  I am just asking my colleagues to respect the rules established by the Senate. I am disappointed that the chairman of the Appropriations Committee did not respect our jurisdiction.  This is bad policy and I oppose it.  I also want to strongly emphasize how important it is that we do not set a precedent allowing Members to thwart the committee process and smuggle legislation through the Senate under the radar screen.  