 President, there is a very serious issue concerning the proper functioning of elections--the integrity of voter lists.  All eligible voters should be given every opportunity to vote.  In fact, much of this bill is aimed at doing just that.  However, without integrity in our voting lists, the door is wide open to many kinds of voting irregularities.  Every ineligible vote denigrates the efforts of every eligible voter to cause participatory democracy to work.  When votes are cast by individuals who are not legally entitled to vote, whether it be because they are using a false identity or because they are dead, the value of all properly cast votes is diminished.  We have all heard reports of people who are registered to vote and should not be or who voted illegally.  Senator Bond has already mentioned during the debate on this bill an investigation by the Missouri secretary of state which determined that, in the 2000 election, votes were cast in the St. Louis area by 14 dead people.  Senator Bond has also told us about troubling instances in St. Louis where large numbers of voter registration forms were submitted to election officials using false identities.  In Georgia, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution conducted a study comparing voting records and death records from the state Department of Human Resources and the Social Security Administration.  The investigation revealed that 5,412 dead people voted over the past 20 years and that the number of registered dead voters has increased dramatically in recent years.  As of November 2000, 15,000 dead people remained on the active voting rolls in Georgia.  Sometimes we hear these anecdotes about instances of voter fraud and they take on the character of a cynical joke, but I don't think it is very funny.  Such cases erode public confidence in the electoral process and are an affront to all those who cast votes legally.  The bill before us already takes an important step in ensuring the integrity of States' voter rolls by providing for interactive, computerized, statewide voter registration lists.  This will enable States to check for duplicates and coordinate with State agencies to verify that registered voters are legally able to vote under State law.  However, more can and should be done.  My amendment would give States a much needed tool to check the accuracy of their voter roles against information possessed by the Social Security Administration.  Specifically, my amendment allows a State to coordinate its statewide voter registration list with social security records to check identity, and to see if a voter has died.  The commissioner of Social Security would be required to provide, upon request from a State, applicable information for the purpose of determining the eligibility of an individual to vote.  This amendment would not require States to undertake any action nor would it affect State laws governing eligibility of individuals to vote.  It simply gives the States a valuable tool in their efforts to maintain clean and accurate lists of eligible voters.  The State decides when and whether to use this tool.  Over the last decade, it has become increasingly easy for people to register and vote due in large part to the National Voter Registration Act of 1993, also called the motor voter law.  This trend has increased voter registration across the board, including registrations by individuals who are not eligible to vote.  Along with the relaxation of voter registration requirements comes the responsibility to provide for safeguards to preserve the integrity of the voter rolls.  I can think of no reason why individuals who are not eligible to vote should be allowed to remain untouched on State voter lists.  A State can decide to do that.  But, today, if States want to be extra careful in preserving the integrity of their voter lists, they lack some very important information.  Give them the tools!  This amendment is just one more way that we can help the States maintain the most accurate, reliable list possible of eligible voters.  This is a commonsense, good government reform and I would urge my colleagues to join me in this effort.  Mr. McCONNELL. This amendment has been cleared on both sides.  