 The reason I cannot make a comment for or against the amendment of the Senator from North Dakota is at this point I have not read it or studied it. I do think he has brought up an issue of transparency, and it deals with NAFTA. On all agreements, particularly WTO agreements, there has beena big concern about the process not being transparent enough.  Senator Baucus and I, in the Finance Committee, have spoken about the necessity for doing this in several different venues. We have spoken with people from the European Community about it. We believe the process of the WTO, for instance, should be very much more transparent than it has been in the past. So the issue of transparency is one that does fall on acceptable ears in a very general sense, not necessarily related to the amendment of the Senator from North Dakota but in a very general sense with most of us in the Congress of the United States. Where we have run into most of the opposition is from the European Community.  We have also had a lot of the developing nations of the world that are members of the World Trade Organization be highly in favor of more transparency.  The issue of transparency was the basis for a lot of the protests in Seattle, and since then there has been a real determined look at the process. A lot of us have come to the conclusion that whatever we can do to promote more transparency we should.  Speaking now on the bill and where we are at this point, particularly now that we do have a substitute amendment before us laid down by the Senate majority leader, I am encouraged on the one hand, dismayed on the other, by the action taken today in the laying down of this amendment.  I am encouraged because, after months of delays, we are moving forward on trade promotion authority. The House passed TPA last year. Unfortunately, TPA has languished much too long in the Senate. So I definitely am glad we are moving forward. In a minute I will talk about being dismayed.  In regard to moving forward, the fact is, while we were sitting on the sidelines for the last 5 or 6 years that our President has not had trade promotion authority, the United States is a party to only 3 agreements out of some 130 free trade agreements negotiated worldwide. That means other countries get better access to foreign markets than we do. That is unfair.  Let me give some examples. Today, the average U.S. tariff is 4.8 percent. In contrast, Brazil's tariff averages 14.6 percent; Thailand, 45.6 percent. That is much too high. We need to correct the imbalance, and the best way to do that is by providing our President with the tools he needs to tear down these barriers to our exports. The most important tool we have to accomplish that is through trade promotion authority.  Let me go through those figures once more to emphasize the point. The United States has an average tariff of 4.8 percent. We have Brazil much higher at 14.6 percent and Thailand at 45.6 percent. So if anybody in this body ever wonders whether it is a benefit to the United States to be involved in regimes of negotiating down barriers to trade, and particularly tariffs, they ought to understand that for the United States, at 4.8 percent compared to 14.6 percent, and 45 percent for Thailand, they must be brought down, even if they are not brought down to where we are. That is a win-win situation for the American worker, as jobs that are created in international trade are good jobs that pay 15 percent above the national average. So the President then needs trade promotion authority to represent the interests of American workers in international trade negotiations.  He has not been there for 127 of the agreements reached in the last few years. He has not been there because Congress has not given him the authority to be there. So I am committed to helping the President get these tools.  Without trade agreements, the United States will lose its role as world leader in setting global trade policies and standards. That means other nations, in no way committed to U.S. interests, will set the world's future trading rules. They will do it, and it is going to affect us. I can guarantee those nations are not looking out for the best interests of our workers.  TPA will help us and our President get back into the game where we were practically full time from 1947 to 1994. It has only been since 1994 that the President has not had this authority. This is why I am glad we have this bill before us.  Now I wish to state why I am dismayed about the process thus far, and that is the insistence on linking trade promotion authority, which has strong bipartisan support as per the 18-to-3 vote out of the Senate Finance Committee, but they want to link it to the controversial expansion of trade adjustment assistance. I am dismayed not because there is a linkage between trade promotion authority and trade adjustment assistance because these two bills have often been linked in the past; I am dismayed that trade adjustment assistance is being brought up in a partisan way.  Ever since President Kennedy first designed the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program in the early 1960s, the program has garnered strong bipartisan support. That is the way it has been. That is the way it should be this year. Unfortunately, the way in which this bill is being brought forward falls far short of that bipartisanship.  As the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, which is the committee responsible for drafting both trade promotion authority legislation and trade adjustment assistance, perhaps I can shed some light on how we got to where we are today.  First, Chairman Max Baucus and I worked for months crafting a bipartisan trade promotion bill, and we did it in a very good way or it would not have gotten a 18-to-3 vote. The end result was supported by the White House, by Majority Leader Tom Daschle because he is a member of the committee, by Republican Minority Leader Trent Lott because he is also a member of the committee, and it sailed through the Finance Committee.  In contrast to trade promotion authority, we have this other bill, S. 1209, the trade adjustment assistance bill, that I talked about. It was not a product of the committee process or bipartisan compromise. In fact, days before the bill was brought before the Finance Committee, Democrats inserted a provision and legislation requiring large Government subsidies for company-based health care coverage for the first time in the history of trade adjustment assistance. This new and unprecedented provision shattered what would otherwise have been strong bipartisan support for trade adjustment assistance.  At the time, the chairman of the Finance Committee assured Members that the health care provision was simply a place hold that would be replaced by whatever bipartisan approach results from the debate over providing health care to uninsured workers which was then taking place in the economic stimulus package.  As we all know now, a bipartisan consensus could not be achieved and ultimately the stimulus bill passed Congress without a health care provision. Now the health care fight has moved from stimulus to trade promotion authority. Still, no bipartisan consensus. I hope by tomorrow morning I can say that there is such a bipartisan consensus. It is a shame that to this point there is not. We should be able to do better.  The trade adjustment assistance bill currently before the Senate also risks jeopardizing strong public support that trade adjustment assistance has always had because it expands the program too far, opening the program to possible abuse. In my view, we need to be sure that the scope of the program--and I am talking beyond the health provisions suggested--is limited to those people who are truly impacted by negative aspects of international trade, we also need to be sure the program is fiscally prudent, and we need to be sure the administration can actually administer the program we might outline in the bill. If the administration cannot so administer, we will only have more worker frustration as they try to use the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program.  American workers are too important to be reckless. We need to maintain confidence in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. We need to do that through this legislation, getting this legislation just exactly right. This may take a little longer, but it is the right thing to do. We can provide expanded and improved trade adjustment assistance to America's workers with strong bipartisan support. We can also devise ways to provide temporary health insurance assistance for trade adjustment assistance workers, eventhough doing so would constitute a fundamental unfairness to the 39 million other Americans living without health insurance.  So all my colleagues can hear me, I know we are going to end up with health insurance provisions in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act. As long as that doesn't become a pattern for what this Congress has not responsibly done up to this point--and maybe we all share in that problem; we have not tackled the problem of all the millions--it is probably 39 to 40 million Americans--who do not have health insurance--it is my view we should tackle the health provision vis-a-vis trade adjustment assistance workers with a pool of uninsured workers in America and not do it piecemeal. I am not going to prevail in that point of view. Or if I prevail in that point of view, we will not have trade promotion authority. So I am giving on it.  But I think it is wrong because it detracts, that we don't think 40 million uninsured Americans is a problem. We have to deal with that. The President of the United States recognizes that. He has $81 billion in his budget for programs for the 42 million uninsured Americans.  How we achieve these goals is a debate I and my Republican colleagues are ready and willing to undertake. We are starting now with the Senate majority leader laying down this trade adjustment assistance bill and other items related to trade promotion authority.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Cantwell). The Senator from South Carolina.  