 President, hopefully, tomorrow, after a few rollcall votes on a few remaining amendments, we are going to have an opportunity to pass this bipartisan trade promotion authority act of 2002. I would like to address the issue of the bill for a few minutes while we are waiting for final action by the Senate on how we proceed tomorrow.  This bill provides the President with the flexibility he needs to negotiate strong international trade agreements on behalf of U.S. workers and farmers while maintaining Congress's constitutional role over U.S. trade policy. It represents a thoughtful approach to addressing the complex relationships between international trade, workers' rights, and the environment, without undermining the fundamental purpose and proven effectiveness of trade promotion authority procedures.  Specifically, this bipartisan act gives the administration the authority to negotiate and bring back trade agreements to Congress that will eliminate and reduce trade barriers relating to manufacturing, services, agriculture, intellectual property, investment, and e-commerce.  The legislation supports eliminating subsidies that decrease market opportunities for U.S. agriculture or unfairly distort markets to the detriment of the United States, with special emphasis on biotechnology, ending unjustified barriers not based on sound science, and fair treatment for import-sensitive agriculture.  The legislation preserves U.S. sovereignty while engaging new trade agreements that will create solid economic growth, improve efficiency and innovation, create better, high-paying jobs for hard-working Americans that on average pay 15 percent above the average wage, and increases the availability of attractively priced products into the U.S. market for the benefit of our consumers.  The legislation adds a trade negotiating objective on labor and the environment--very important provisions for many Members of this body. This is done to ensure that a party to a trade agreement does not fail to effectively enforce its labor and environmental laws through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction, recognizing a government retains certain discretion.  It strengthens, under the labor and environmental provisions, the capacity to promote respect for core labor standards and to protect the environment, to reduce or eliminate government practices or policies that unduly threaten sustainable development, and it seeks market access for U.S. environmental technologies, goods, and services.  The legislation adds a new negotiating objective on enforcement, giving labor and environment disputes covered by the agreement parity with other issues in the trade agreement.  It sets forth other Presidential priorities not covered by trade promotion authority, including greater cooperation between the World Trade Organization on the one hand, and the International Labor Organization on the other hand, and consultative mechanisms among parties to trade agreements to strengthen the capacity of U.S. trading partners to promote respect for core labor standards and the environment, technical assistance on labor issues, and reporting on the child labor laws of U.S. trading partners.  The legislation directs the President to take into account legitimate health, safety, essential security, and consumer interests. It directs the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative to preserve our ability to enforce vigorously U.S. trade remedy laws and avoid agreements which lessen the effectiveness of U.S. antidumping or countervailing duty laws.  The legislation contains negotiating objectives on investment to increase transparency for the dispute settlement process, calls for standards of expropriation and compensation that are consistent with U.S. legal principles and practice, and eliminates frivolous claims.  The bill expands and improves consultations between the administration and Congress before, during, and after trade negotiations and particularly in the development of implementing legislation.  The Bipartisan Trade Promotion Assistance Act provides trade promotion authority until June 1, 2005, with a possibility of a 2-year extension. I point this out because there is a misunderstanding that Congress is going to give all of its power to the President. We have the consultation I talked about. Most importantly, whatever is agreed to by the President has to be passed by Congress as a law before any agreement can become effective. But we also do not give this power away to the President forever. This is the year 2002, almost June 1. So we are talking about the next 3 years with the possibility of a 2-year extension.  I happen to believe we ought to have standing trade negotiation authority for the President, and we should not have these lapses that we have had since 1994, but obviously the extent to which we give it for shorter periods of time ought to satisfy more Members of this body that we are not giving up our congressional power, which is a specific grant in our Constitution that Congress shall regulate interstate and foreign commerce.  The Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act also contains unprecedented procedures that ensure prompt, meaningful, and extensive consultations with the Congress throughout the negotiating process. In other words, Members of this body and the other body are going to have ample opportunity while the President is doing all this negotiating to have reports given to us, feedback and, obviously, if Congress has to pass a final product, the President, in negotiating a position for the United States, is going to have to take into consideration the views of Members of Congress if the President wants to reach an agreement that will eventually pass by a majority vote in both the House and Senate.  In regard to this negotiation process and consultation therein, the bill establishes a congressional oversight group which is a broad-based, bipartisan, and permanent institution to be accredited as though official advisers to the U.S. delegation to consult with the U.S. Trade Representative and provide advice regarding formulation of specific objectives, negotiation strategies and positions, and development of the final trade agreement.  This congressional oversight group would maximize bipartisanship and input from Members from a broad range of committees comprising the chairman and ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee, three additional committee members, and also the chairman and ranking member, and their designees, of each committee with a jurisdiction over any law affected by trade agreements being negotiated.  The Bipartisan Trade Promotion Assistance Act also requires development of a written plan by the U.S. Trade Representative for consulting with Congress throughout the negotiations. That plan must include provisions for regular and detailed briefings of the congressional oversight group throughout the negotiations, access to documents relating to negotiations by members of the congressional oversight group, and their designated staffs. There would be very close cooperation between the congressional oversight group and the U.S. Trade Representative at all critical periods of the negotiations, including at negotiation sites, after the agreement is concluded, consultations regarding ongoing compliance and enforcement of commitments under the agreement, and finally, transmittal of a report by the Secretary of Commerce to Congress on U.S. strategy for correcting World Trade Organization dispute settlement reports that add to obligations or diminish rights of the United States.  It also provides that the President provide Congress with a written notice of intent to enter negotiations 90 days before initiating negotiations, or as soon as feasible after enactment of trade promotion authority; for negotiations already underway, including the intended date for entering negotiations, specific U.S. objectives and statement of whether seeking new agreements or changes in the existing agreement; and that the President and the U.S. Trade Representative consult with Congress before initiating or continuing negotiations on agricultural products, fish and shellfish trade, textiles and apparel products.  Before and after negotiations begin, the President and U.S. Trade Representative must consult with Congress regarding the negotiations, and particularly the U.S. Trade Representative must consult with all committees with jurisdiction over laws that would affect an agreement.  Before and after negotiations begin, if a majority of the members of the Congressional Oversight Committee request a meeting, the President himself must meet with the group regarding the negotiations.  I have used the word ``consult'' many times. It is all reflected in the legislation that Congress is very carefully guarding its constitutional power to regulate foreign and interstate commerce, and we are having a contract with the President of the United States, but that contract is not a blank check to the President of the United States. He keeps in constant touch with us as the words ``consulting'' and ``consultation'' and ``consult'' imply, legally binding that he do that.  So I hope it is very clear we are not willy-nilly delegating some power to the President. Not at all. We are going to be a part of this process.  Now, people might ask why, if Congress is going to be a part of the process, are we having this contract with the President to negotiate for us? It is because of the impossibility, and it ought to be very obvious, 535 Members of Congress not having the ability to be in Geneva or someplace else negotiating with 142 other countries on the issue of some trade agreement. So we ask the President to do it.  I hope the emphasis upon consulting and Congress demanding that the President sit down at certain points during this process indicates that, in fact, we are very selfishly guarding congressional responsibility.  There is another part of notice and consultation that is required before actually entering into final trade agreements by the President, before it is actually signed in other words, because immediately after initiating an agreement the U.S. Trade Representative must consult closely with appropriate congressional committees, including the congressional trade advisers, the congressional oversight group, and the House and Senate Committees on Agriculture.  The President is required, at least 90 days before entering an agreement, to formally notify Congress of his intent to enter into an agreement and publish notice of such intent in the Federal Register. At this time, the President must also notify the appropriate congressional committees of certain amendments proposed to be included in the implementing bill and then provide the International Trade Commission with details of the agreement so the ITC can prepare and submit an assessment of the likely impact of the agreement on the U.S. economy and specific industry sectors.  Before entering into an agreement, the President must consult with the appropriate congressional committees and the congressional oversight group regarding three matters: The nature of the agreement; the extent to which the agreement meets congressional objectives as outlined in the bill before Congress right now; and the implementation of that agreement.  Both Houses of Congress have the ability, in the final analysis, as we all know and as has been the practice for the last 25 years, to disapprove an agreement by passing separate disapproval resolutions if the administration fails or refuses to notify or consult with Congress in accordance with the bill that is before Congress right now that hopefully we will vote on tomorrow.  Another example of notice and consultation after a trade agreement is entered into: After the President signs it, as soon as practical after entering into an agreement, the President must submit a copy of the agreement to Congress along with statements or reasons that he had for entering into that agreement. The President is required, at least 60 days after entering an agreement, to submit to Congress a description of the changes to existing laws that would be needed to comply with the agreement.  The President is also required to submit to Congress the final text of the agreement and provide an explanation of how the bill implementing the agreement would change existing law, how the agreement makes progress at achieving the Trade Promotion Authority Act's objective, and also he must submit an implementation plan.  When that is all done, we then have to have notice and consultation on an ongoing basis. The President must report to the appropriate congressional committees on the mechanisms created among parties in the agreement to promote respect for core labor standards and to develop and implement sound environmental and health standards.  The President must also report on the required reviews of the impact of future trade agreements on the environment and U.S. employment. Congress may withdraw a trade promotion authority for failure to consult. Disapproval resolutions can be introduced by any Senator and may cover multiple agreements. Grounds for disapproval include failure to make progress in achieving the objectives that the bill has laid out.  Obviously, as I have stated before, none of this happens unless Congress gives approval by majority vote in both the House and the Senate to approve or disapprove these agreements negotiated under this bill that hopefully will pass tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  