 President, I am glad that we have an opportunity to vote on judges today. One of the judges scheduled to be voted on today is Judge Michael Melloy, who has been appointed by the President and who will hopefully be confirmed by the Senate to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.  First of all, before speaking about Judge Melloy, I thank Senator Leahy, the distinguished chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, for bringing the nomination to the committee in the form of a hearing last month and accommodating me on changing the date of the hearing so it could be convenient for me to be there and for immediately putting it on the agenda of the committee.  I thank also all the committee members, each of whom had an opportunity to hold over this nomination for another meeting--under the rules that is an automatic holdover--for not doing it so that this nomination could be advanced very quickly.  For my colleagues who aren't on the Judiciary Committee, I would like to say a few words about Judge Melloy so you can see what an excellent candidate we are putting on the federal appellate bench.  Judge Melloy, who originally hails from Dubuque, IA, has had a very distinguished legal career. He graduated magna cum laude from Loras College in Dubuque, and received his law degree from the University of Iowa. After practicing at an Iowa law firm Judge Malloy was appointed United States Bankruptcy Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, a position be held for approximately 6 years.  In 1992, he was appointed to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa. Here Judge Melloy has served as a fine judge. He has also been active on numerous legal committees, including the Eighth Circuit Judicial Counsel, the Gender Fairness Task Force of the Eighth Circuit, and the Bankruptcy Administration Committee of the Judicial Conference.  As you can see, Judge Melloy has excellent legal qualifications and experience, and he has been a dedicated public servant. He possesses all the qualities that we want to see in a federal judge, intellect, temperament, judgement, and a true commitment to the rule of law. He comes highly recommended by his peers. I know for a fact that Judge Melloy will serve our country well as a judge on the eighth Circuit court.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting Judge Michael Melloy's nomination.  