 I think it is very much oriented toward helping consumers. We have more competition in the processing of livestock, as well as helping the family farmer.  I am offering this second-degree amendment to the Craig amendment to clear up any concerns raised by the opposition regarding the word ``control''. The new language reads that a packer may not own or feed hogs or cattle, ``through a subsidiary, or through an arrangement that gives the packer operational, managerial, or supervisory control over the livestock, or over the farming operation that produces the livestock, so such an extent that the producer is no longer materially participating in the management of the operation with respect to the production of livestock.''  The new test established to clear up the question of what control means is found in the phrase ``materially participating.'' A farmer who materially participates in the farming operation must pay self-employment taxes. Those who do not materially participate, do not have to pay self employment taxes. The phrase has appeared in the IRS Code, section 1402(a) since 1956 and there is a full hopper of case law clarifying the definition.  I came to the floor yesterday and explained that all the talk about this generating excess litigation, or bureaucracy, or limiting farmers risk management options is just talk. It's all blue smoke.  Some of the packers' allies are already trying to complain that this only adds another layer of confusion. That's an absolute lie. What this amendment does is crystalize the issue, and this issue is whether packers should be packers, or packers should be producers.  Let me make this clear. The vote this morning is a vote on whether packers should own livestock, nothing more and nothing less. If you oppose my amendment you support packer ownership. If you oppose my amendment you must believe that independent livestock producers should compete on an even playing field with corporations that can generate hundreds of millions of dollars to compete with farmers. If you oppose my amendment you are supporting packer greed versus the independent producer's need.  Ask any independent producer in the United States. If we were able to ask them if they think packers should be able to compete with them dollar for dollar, who benefits? I realize that AMI has been arguing that ``the sky is falling'' is this passes, but what would your independent producers really want you to do?  The revised Grassley amendment will inject greater competition, access, transparency and fairness into the livestock marketplace. Small and medium sized livestock operations will gain greater access to markets that will have greater volume and be subject to less manipulation.  The revised bill clarifies that arrangements that do not impose control over the producer can still provide all the benefits of coordination and product specification that many ``grid'' marketing arrangements desire. We are not limiting independent producers at all, only packers.  I've got letters and endorsements from possibly every group interested in this issue that doesn't allow packers to be included in their membership. These endorsements come from state pork producer and cattlemen groups, to the American Farm Bureau. I have well over 135 organizations that signed a letter in support of my second degree amendment. Just a few of those groups are the: Livestock Marketing Association (who stated they would like to voice their strongest possible support), National Farmers Union, R-CALF USA, Ranchers-Cattlemen Action Legal Fund, United Stockgrowers of America, National Catholic Rural Life Conference, and the Organization for Competitive Markets.  The packers are an important piece in the rural economy, but only a piece, not the whole pie. They think they are the whole pie. The question we need to ask ourselves is whether packers should be packers or packers should also be producers. Is it our intent to let packers compete with producers on an even playing field? Once again, is there any question who will lose this competition?  The reason we keep sows in farrowing stalls is to protect the piglets. Sows are extremely important for the health and well-being of the piglets, but if we let the sow out of the crate we stand the chance of getting the piglets crushed by the sheer weight of the sow, or worse, and watch the sow grow fatter. Let's build a strong farrowing stall for the packers and facilitate the health and well being of our independent producers.  Support the Grassley second-degree, your independent producers would.  