  The Senator from Montana has laid out very clearly why this amendment must be defeated. This is a carefully crafted compromise. The year 2002 is not like previous years in the Senate when we have devoted a lot of bipartisanship to trade agreements. There is bipartisanship, but it is not as certain that we will pass a bill as in the previous 25 years when similar legislation passed.  I emphasize what Senator Baucus said: This is a carefully worked out agreement. It may not be entirely to the liking of Senator Baucus or perhaps not entirely to my liking, but we have to stick together to get this legislation passed. It is probably one of the most important pieces of legislation to be considered in the Senate.  Although the Senator from New Hampshire has some valid arguments, I cannot support an amendment that upsets the balance of the package by striking these wage insurance provisions. There are things in the package that Members on each side may not like. It is their prerogative to amend whatever they see necessary. I cannot support stripping out this section of the package.  Another reason is, wage insurance provisions in the legislation have not been tested, as some would say. Somewhere along the line, new ideas become law. Just because this is a new idea does not mean it is a bad idea.  I will read what Ambassador Carla Hills, former U.S. Trade Representative for President George Bush, said last year, a long time after she left her position as Trade Representative, when she appeared before the Senate Finance Committee:       We should explore the concept of wage insurance to      supplement the incomes of displaced workers--whatever the      cause--who take an entry-level job in a different, more      promising sector at lower pay. This would respond to workers'      anxiety over near-term wage loss, encourage them to stay      productive in the work force and obtain the training that has      proved most effective--which is training on the job.  Carla Hills went on to say in a report called ``Getting Over the Fear of Free Trade'':       The key goal of all of these ideas, as unconventional as      they may seem at first, especially to the U.S. business      community or the Republican Party, is straightforward. It is      to educate and motivate more Americans to stand up in defense      of open markets lest we lose the benefits that come from the      free flow of ideas, capital, and goods.  We should listen to Ambassador Hills. I believe American anxiety about globalization stems in part from job instability. Wage insurance eases those fears.  As we consider voting on this amendment, I ask Members on my side of the aisle to keep their eye on the ball. The ball happens to be trade promotion authority, a contract between the Congress of the United States and the President of the United States, negotiated for 270 million Americans, a better world, a world that creates job opportunities. Trade creates jobs.  As President Kennedy said, trade, not aid, when it comes to helping the rest of the world. The United States has full responsibility to look out for our interests, the interests of the American people, but also to be a leader in the world. Being a leader in the world involves our participation in not only the economic concerns of the world but maintaining the peace. One of the tools of maintaining peace is economic opportunity. The cooperation comes to the world because of people trading. We often brag about political leaders and diplomats doing so much for world peace. We obviously create an environment for world peace, but there is nothing that works more for world peace than opportunities for individuals to interact with other individuals around the world in a commercial way. That does more to break down barriers and establish world peace than anything else.  Trade promotion authority is one of the three or four parts of this legislation. That is the 800-pound gorilla at which we ought to all be paying attention. It takes a carefully crafted compromise to get to that point. Some of the items in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Act that people on my side of the aisle might not like--and wage insurance could be one--are very small compared to the ball that I am asking Members to keep their eye on--trade promotion authority.  As the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board said regarding trade promotion authority and freeing up trade around the world, as a result of the agreements we last endorsed in this body, the North American Free Trade Agreement, 1993, the Uruguay Round of Tariffs and Trades, 1994, those have helped reduce costs to the American consumer by $4,000 for a family of four.  That is equal to more than we have given in tax cuts in recent years to American families. Think of the good that comes to the economy because we have an opportunity to export and our consumers have an opportunity to import. We have an opportunity to reduce costs because of increased efficiency. That is all going to come in the future, as it has in the past, 50-some years under the GATT arrangements, because we are going to give our President trade promotion authority.  That is what we want our eye kept on. This compromise on trade adjustment assistance is part of that compromise.  