 President, I'm pleased to join Senators Smith and Cantwell, along with several other Senators, in proposing an amendment to end, once and for all, an ill-conceived and discriminatory policy in the U.S. Military.  Several years ago, the United States Central Command instituted a policy that requires our female service members in Saudi Arabia to wear an abaya while off base.  The abaya is a traditional religious garment worn by Saudi women not unlike the Afghan burqa.  Saudi women can face beatings by religious police if they are not wearing this garment and the U.S. Central Command has justified this policy as a force protection measure.  However, the Saudi Government does not require non-Muslim women to wear an abaya.  Westerners are merely expected to wear conservative clothing, such as slacks and collared shirts for men and long skirts and long sleeved blouses for women.  While it's sensible to make reasonable accommodations for a host culture, we must not forget that American personnel abroad are representatives of our free society.  In fact, the U.S. State Department explicitly forbids its female employees in Saudi Arabia from wearing the abaya while serving in an official capacity for the United States Government.  We should be setting a positive example of respect for women, especially the very women who are helping to defend Saudi Arabia from would-be aggressors.  In order to try to alleviate the mounting criticism of the abaya policy, the Central Command revised its policy in January to state that the wearing of the abaya is ``not mandatory but is strongly encouraged''.  This distinction does not go nearly far enough and may mean little in practice.  Let me be clear, the abaya policy is not simply a bad idea and completely unnecessary, it is blatantly discriminatory.  All attempts to justify this policy have fallen flat and it has become painfully obvious that this policy must be abolished entirely.  Our amendment would prohibit the Department of Defense from requiring American servicewomen in Saudi Arabia to wear the abaya and forbid DOD to spend taxpayer money to purchase the garment.  It also protects our female service members from any kind of retaliation for not wearing the abaya garment.  At a time when Afghan women are celebrating their new found liberties, it is frankly embarrassing to have a policy in place that subjects our own servicewomen to a demeaning practice.  It is time for this policy to go and I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  