 If anybody on my side would like to have some time, I will be glad to share some time with them.  First, I have a philosophical comment based on the history of unemployment compensation legislation. We have set some national policy, but the details of our unemployment compensation regime historically--and I think I would be referring to six or seven decades of American history--have been left to the States to fill in the details. That is because we were then and still are a Nation that is very geographically vast and a country where our population is very heterogeneous--more so now than 70 years ago--to a point where Members of Congress and Presidents have felt it would be wrong to pour one mold in Washington, DC, that we would call an unemployment compensation insurance mold and have our country, which varies from one State to another--and the needs of one State to another, consequently, vary--that it would be wrong to pour that mold in Washington and force every State to treat unemployed workers exactly the same way.  All knowledge doesn't repose here in Washington, DC. There is a great deal of knowledge--maybe more so--with the State legislators than in Washington, DC. Consequently, we have left it to the wisdom of a lot of States to do, in a sense, their own thing with the broad Federal policy--how to treat and compensate the safety net of unemployment insurance. Now we have this approach, which I would not characterize as federalizing unemployment compensation, but obviously it federalizes to a much greater extent than we have right now the unemployment compensation legislation.  Again, we are going to say--if we adopt this--that there is more wisdom in Washington, DC, and in the Congress of the U.S. than in the New York legislature or the Illinois legislature as to how unemployed people in those States ought to be treated or compensated, et cetera. I oppose this amendment on that philosophical ground. But to be more specific, as an example of the wisdom that the Senator from Illinois is saying through his amendment that he knows better how part-time workers ought to be treated than the State legislatures do. Several States do allow part-time workers to be covered. My State of Iowa is one of those States that has decided to cover part-time workers.  So the legislature of my State, a very small State of 3 million people, with a low unemployment rate of 3 and a half percent right now--you might think, what is there about the Iowa legislature that they would cover part-time workers and some other larger State might not. Why did we leave it to the people of my State, the elected legislators, to make that determination? Why is not important. The fact is they did it. They did it because Congress, over several decades, has said we are going to leave that decision to the State legislatures.  Why do we think that we have all the answers here in Washington, DC? So it is fair to say that part-time workers are already eligible for unemployment benefits because there are no States that disqualify unemployed workers merely because they work part time. The issue is whether part-time workers should be allowed to collect unemployment benefits while refusing to accept a full-time job. If a job is available, why should any worker collect unemployment instead of going back to work? Part-time workers--in other words, if there is a job available--should not be on unemployment compensation. Unemployment compensation is not an incentive to keep you out of the workforce. It is historically--and rightfully so--to tide you over from a period of being disconnected with one job until you get back to that job, or until you have an opportunity to take a job someplace else.  Part-time workers are not entitled to benefits simply because their employer paid unemployment taxes. Employers pay unemployment taxes on numerous categories of workers who are not entitled to benefits, for that matter. Such categories would include corporate officers, full-time students, professional athletes, workers who quit their jobs, workers who are not seeking work,workers who are not available for work, and workers who even refuse suitable work. There are a number of States that allow workers to limit their job search to part-time employment and still collect unemployment compensation. If that is what that State decides it wants to do, let that State do it accordingly.  However, this is voluntary State decision. The Federal Government has never dictated such eligibility standards to the States. There is no need for Congress to preempt State decisions on this matter. Expanding eligibility on the basis of part-time work would create new administrative burdens on the respective States. The States would have to decide what hours of the day and what days of the week are suitable for part-time work. As an example, if a worker loses his Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, noon to 3 p.m. cashier job, can that person still collect unemployment benefits if he refuses to accept a Thursday, Friday, Saturday 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. cashier job?  So State unemployment agencies, right now, lack the resources that it takes to investigate contested claims, like I just described, and others that are too numerous to describe at this point. Thus, it is for that administrative body to make accurate determinations so that you have the enforcement of the unemployment compensation laws done in a fair way. That is why it is wrong, it seems to me, to establish this policy, as if Congress knows what is best for the 50 States and knows that it can be enforced in a certain way, or let the individual State legislatures make the determination on how they want to expand their unemployment compensation laws, and at the same time they will know whether or not they have the administrative capability of enforcing the law the way the State legislature put it.  Case law for part-time workers is going to take years to develop. It is not going to take years in Iowa because we have that decision made and there is a lot of case law there right now. Most part-time workers live with other workers. Thirty-five percent are married with a working spouse. Thirty percent of these part-time workers are children with working parents. Most of the time when workers live with another worker, they will have less incentive to seek new employment--a factor that should be taken into consideration when you start to cover a new class of people at the Federal level without letting the States make that determination. One of the premises of unemployment compensation for anybody is that you be actively seeking a job, that you are out there going door to door to put in your application, asking if there are any vacancies, and to try to benefit yourself during a process in which you are being helped by the unemployment compensation regime to make sure that you have basic necessities while you are trying to make this determination. It is not meant to pay people who are not actively seeking jobs.  So there ought to be some relationship between those and the extent to which we include part-time workers. Without the State making that determination, there might not be that continued relationship that is a basic philosophical underpinning of our unemployment compensation laws.  It seems to me that if we allow this disincentive in accepting new employment, this will lead to longer and more frequent spells of unemployment, more Government spending, and, in the process, reduced economic growth because economic growth is directly related to the productivity of the workers.  Moreover, the provision we are discussing will allow full-time workers to switch to part-time status for unemployment purposes. This will result in even more unemployment and further loss of economic output.  At this point, I am going to yield the floor for colleagues, but I have only spoken to one part of the Durbin amendment, that part dealing with covering part-time workers. There are other parts to it, but I think my underlying philosophical objection will apply to all parts: that all knowledge on unemployment compensation does not rest in the Congress of the United States. We have had this seven-decade tradition of leaving it to the States to fill in the details.  This amendment departs from that tradition. Why should we depart from that tradition? We are departing during a time of 5.8-percent unemployment. We did not depart to this extent when we had 10- and 12-percent unemployment, or at least on all these parts that the Senator from Illinois will try to change. I yield the floor.  