  I do not dispute what the Senator from Nevada just said, because he is an honest person and he would state it as he sees it, but it was widely interpreted and it was printed in the press as ``two-thirds.'' Even some people from the other side of the aisle seemed to indicate that in the press. So that is what my statements are based on.  The point is, a caucus appoints people to negotiate something that can get through the Senate. That means 51 votes. Whatever restrictions were put on--the specific percentage aside--it is an impossible situation in which to negotiate. That was the environment that was present during these negotiations, during this period of time that the Senate majority leader is trying to use as an excuse when nothing could get done and saying that Republicans were holding it up.  Another comment that was made during the debate, within the last couple weeks this bill has been up, is when the Senate majority leader referred to Republicans offering amendments. We had this agreement between the two sides to have an even number of amendments offered: Republicans will offer amendments, Democrats will offer amendments. A Republican would offer an amendment and then a Democrat would offer an amendment. This is so we each have an equal opportunity to get our ideas on the Senate floor for debate. That isn't something used just for this bill. It is done quite often in this body, just so this body functions and functions in a fair way.  There may not be, at this point, as many Democrat amendments filed as Republican amendments, but under the procedure in which we are operating there can surely be an equal number of amendments if the Democrats want to have an equal number of amendments.  I would like to respond to the argument that Republicans are delaying and not cooperating. I would like to put that proposition to the test and look at each side and their movement.  We had a stimulus package, suggested by the President of the United States, in early October, which was before there was a consensus even within this body that the Finance Committee or those of us who lead that committee ought to be working on one.  The President, as a Republican--but he did not do it because he is a Republican; he did it because of the anxiety that had been in the country at that time, and is still there because of the September 11 terrorist attack--needed to do what he could to stimulate the economy as well as helping people who were unemployed and who had health care problems. So the President put a proposal on the table.  I would like to have you look at the President's proposal. President Bush took issues off the table that maybe just Republicans would want more than Democrats. For instance, he took the capital gains reduction off the table. At the same time he was taking issues off the table, he purposely put some on the table that appealed to Democrats, such as the extended 13 weeks of unemployment benefits and rebates for payroll taxpayers.  What I am speaking about occurred in October when he first put his proposition on the table. That was not well received in the Congress, even among Republicans. So the President has moved a long ways to do even more than what he suggested.  But I want to say upfront, the President of the United States was trying to be as bipartisan as he could by suggesting things that he knew Democrats would want.  In early December, he encouraged the centrists--they are a group of Democrats and Republicans who are more in the center of the political spectrum--to push to get a compromise package and indicated that he would work with them. They came up with something. The President met with them, both before it was finalized and after it was finalized. The President said: If the Senate passes it and if the House passes it, I will sign it.  So I think the President of the United States--albeit he is a Republican--was out in front on this issue, both from the standpoint of the original proposals and from the standpoint of trying to get something that could pass the Senate that he could sign.  We heard from the distinguished majority leader a little earlier about how Republicans objected to help for unemployed workers and having health insurance for unemployed workers coming up on the airline bailout bill. But we were following the consensus of people who were suggesting that if we were going to have a stimulus package, that there should not be anything in it that was industry specific--industry specific meaning helping just unemployed people in the airline industry when you have other unemployed people who would not get help. Consequently, we were following the advice of people such as Chairman Greenspan to be very generic in our approach to helping business or to helping individuals.  On the other hand, I do not like the accusation that somehow helping the airline industry did not help the workers. If those airlines had gone under, instead of there being 30,000 people unemployed, there would have been 330,000 people unemployed. Keeping the airlines flying kept workers on the job and less of them laid off.  We recognize that laid-off workers need help. Obviously, that is why the President came out with a proposal. It was not an industry-specific proposal but was a generic approach to help workers--and not just from the airline industry but from all industries--with the additional 13 weeks of unemployment benefits.  It was also said that Republicans refused to negotiate for 3 weeks. This was that period of time when there were shackles put on Democrat negotiators when we negotiated with them. That was part of it. But also that does not give credit to the hours and hours that Senator Baucus and I spent negotiating prior to a bill ever coming up on the floor of the Senate. It does not take into consideration, also, the fact that, at the instigation of the majority leader, the Senate Finance Committee met, and contrary to how we normally do our business in a bipartisan way, there was a push to get a very partisan bill out of the Senate Finance Committee. And it did come out on a party-line vote.  So it seems to me that if we are going to be accusatory, we ought to take into consideration that when there was an opportunity to develop a bill in a committee--the Senate Finance Committee, which almost always does things in a bipartisan way--there was an effort to go strictly partisan and the result was to go strictly partisan.  We have the President of the United States pushing more than anyone else, and the House Republicans passed a bill in early fall. That was a bill not very many people liked. The House accepted that. They scaled the bill back and agreed to go to conference a quasi-conference, not a formal conference such as we used to have.  The House of Representatives, in this informal setting, along with representatives of the White House, made this deal with the Senate centrists, what I call the White House-centrist bipartisan package that would have a majority vote of the Senate, albeit not the 60 votes that are required.  The bottom line is that the President of the United States, in saying he would sign the bill, and the House of Representatives, in passing it, took up the challenge and did what needed to be done. Here we are, once again, in the Senate ignoring something that had a majority bipartisan vote in December before we went home for the holidays. Here we are again. Presumably, it has the same bipartisan votes we had then.  Look with me at the other side of the aisle. I already mentioned the partisan bill in the Finance Committee. I already mentioned the intractable position in conference over non-COBRA eligible, meaning when you are unemployed, you only have to take the insurance from where you were laid off, and if you did not have that insurance, you would not be able to get any other insurance under that proposal.  We allow people to continue the insurance from where they worked with 60-percent credit, but we also allow people who are unemployed who did not have insurance where they last worked to get the same 60-percent credit. But there was an ideological block to that on the part of Democrats who were negotiating. Then we had the refusal of a vote in December on the White House-centrist agreement.  I think the Democratic leadership has resisted movement to the center represented by a bipartisan group of Republicans and Democrats who call themselves the centrists. Even though I am more conservative, I have bought into that plan as one we ought to pass in the Senate. Many amendments have been filed, debated, and voted on, so we have been trying to move this bill along.  I am going to finish where I started last December. Let's have a vote on the White House-centrist agreement. If we pass it, the President will sign it. The unemployed will get their unemployment checks, payroll taxpayers will get rebate checks from the Federal Treasury, middle-income taxpayers will get more money in their paychecks, and the unemployed will get help with health care.  I yield the floor.  