 President, today the Senate will vote on and most likely pass a 6 year farm bill.  Supporters of the bill say it will cushion family farmers and rural America from financial hardship. That may be true, but unless you are a big meatpacker or a cotton and/or rice producer in the South, the new farm bill is not what it is cracked up to be.  I am afraid that for Iowa farmers, the bill's shortcomings outweigh its virtues. So I will cast my vote against the bill.  There are two main reasons:  No. 1, during the last year, farmers in Iowa made clear to me they wanted Washington to crack down on the sky-high payments going to large corporate farms. It is ridiculous that we shovel the lion's share of the farm benefits to a handful of large corporate farming operations.  No. 2, Iowans also urged me to push public policy that would keep competition alive in the livestock industry by banning packer ownership of animals fed for slaughter.  My amendments got these two main family-farmer priorities included in the Senate version passed last February, but my amendments were dropped by the conferees.  Who is this bad for? It is bad for small and medium sized farmers, the very people a farm bill is suppose to help. Throughout the history of farm bills, their intent has been to aim the majority of the benefit to small and medium sized producers, the Congress has missed before, but in my opinion we have never missed so badly.  We sent strong family-farmer oriented provisions to the conference and we got nothing in return, except a bill that is so complex family farmers won't receive their 2002 crop benefits until right before harvest of the 2003 crop. That might make sense to the conferees, but it does not to me or any of the other farmers that are calling and emailing my office asking questions about this bill and why we made the farm bill so complicated.  This clearly does not address the needs of small and medium-sized producers in Iowa that put a premium on the issues of payment limits and banning packer-ownership, so I am going to vote against this bill and do anything I can to remedy the issues regarding competition that the conferees discarded.  