 I do wish to speak generically about the issue before us, to which the amendment of the Senators from Minnesota and Idaho are very central, and to remind my colleagues what trade promotion authority is all about.  First, as all my colleagues know, nothing can be done under the Constitution about trade unless the Congress of the United States does it, because one of our explicit powers in the Constitution is to regulate interstate and foreign commerce. It is our authority, and Congress rightfully and according to our oath of office ought to protect our constitutional responsibilities, and we ought to perform our constitutional responsibilities.  For the first 150-year history of our country, when all Congress had to do in regard to trade was put on tariffs, up or down, and other business of that nature, it was very appropriate for Congress to initiate and finalize action as far as the regulation of interstate and foreign commerce was concerned.  Since the 1930s, we have been involved in cooperative efforts with other countries to reduce tariff and nontariff trade barriers because it was seen then and today as mutually beneficial to all nations to do so. We have been involved in international agreements and international fora to accomplish those goals.  One can imagine how impossible it would be then in an international forum to have 535 Members of Congress, in a meeting of 142 countries, negotiating trade agreements, with the Congress of the United States speaking for the United States. It is almost impossible for Congress to reach an agreement among its Members without, in the process, trying to negotiate with 142 other countries. So for the last 25 years, or some people would say in different ways since 1935, we have given the President permission to negotiate agreements with other countries.  In a sense, the United States, through this legislation and previous legislation, has set up a contract with the President of the United States saying we would like to have him negotiate for the Congress of the United States, where the constitutional power lies, some agreements under strict authority that we would give the President, and with Congress having final authority to adopt what was negotiated if we agreed to it.  We are talking about giving the President the power to negotiate for us because it is an impossibility for the Congress to enter such a forum.  The basic question to our colleagues as they consider Dayton-Craig and other amendments is: Do they want the President of the United States to have this authority? This is not blanket authority given to the President of the United States. It is very confined to subject matter. It is very confined to the President reporting to the Congress of the United States on a regular basis what has been done and to get our feedback so that the President carries out the intent of Congress in the negotiations.  Finally, the President of the United States has to come to an agreement with 142 countries. Remember, that is not done by a majority vote of those 142 countries. That is done by consensus. So if the President of the United States feels the interests of the United States are not adequately protected, all the President has to do is walk away, and there is no new WTO agreement.  Eventually, if the President decides U.S. interests are being protected and he agrees to it and the other 142 countries agree to it, then it comes to us to make a decision whether or not the interests of the United States are adequately protected as the President negotiated with us, and it takes a majority vote in the House and Senate for that to become law of the land.  The basic question before the Senate in the Dayton-Craig amendment is whether or not they want the President of the United States to be credible at the bargaining table. The issue is whether or not the President will be credible if, when he reaches an agreement, there is opportunity in the Senate to have separate votes on separate parts of the agreement so some can be dropped and others might be adopted.  Do my colleagues think the other 142 countries of the WTO are going to negotiate with our country on that basis?  Do you think there will be a final agreement? No. The Dayton-Craig amendment undoes the pattern of this contract between the President of the United States and the Congress over the last 25 years.  So we all have to ask ourselves: Has the United States prospered by our international agreements over the last quarter of a century by the process that is once again before us to set up a contract with the President of the United States to negotiate? I have come to the conclusion this process has been good, but I am a Republican. Maybe Democrats would question my judgment of whether or not this is a good process.  So I have said before in this debate, and I want to say again, listen to what President Clinton said as he correctly bragged about the agreements he finalized--that started in previous administrations--during his first year in office. The North American Free Trade Agreement and the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement of Tariffs and Trades were finalized during his first months in office.  He says as a result of those agreements, and I suppose he would say, too, predecessors to those agreements, that the United States has benefited very well by it. And he used, as I heard him say so many times, that there were, I think the figure was, 22 million jobs created during his administration, and one-third of those jobs were related to trade.  If President Clinton says that, if President Bush believes this is a good process to continue, and you have one Democratic President and one Republican President who think proceeding down the road that we have gone for the last 25 years is the right road to go, I think it would carry some weight with people on both sides of the aisle and it would be a no-brainer that thisprocess ought to be continued. Our colleagues are suggesting that would put a kink in this machine, and that might not be the thing to do. I raise those questions with my colleagues.  I also raise the questions with my colleagues of whether or not the present trade remedies are working, which I heard a few minutes ago. Well, what do they think the steel agreement is all about? The President is looking out for our basic industry, to give it some help through transition. The President looked at that and decided that other countries dumping steel in the United States was not right, and our economy was being hurt by it. He stepped in, in a very strong way, to protect our interests.  I think of the 201 process where the previous President stepped in, in the case of lamb coming into the United States from New Zealand and Australia. I suppose there are a lot of others I ought to refer to, but our Presidents, Republican and Democrat, have been willing to use the tools that are on the table. Other nations are beginning to learn from the United States and are willing to take action to protect their industries in a way that is going to eventually hurt us.  We have been the pioneers of trade remedy legislation for a long period of time, and other nations have somewhat resented our using it, and they are beginning to learn from us and use it. Now they are doing it in a way that is not as transparent as the United States. They do it probably in a way that is less concerned about their using it on the world economy than what our Presidents have done in regard to our action and the world economy.  Now, are we going to say we should not be looking out for our interests on trade remedy legislation? I think what they are saying is we ought to let the rest of the world adopt these measures, even if they hurt the United States. Some examples: South Africa imposing dumping duties on United States poultry, closing an important $14 million market; Mexico imposing dumping duties on United States high-fructose corn syrup, decreasing our exports by half, $30 million; Mexico imposing dumping duties on certain United States swine, formerly a $450 million market; Mexico imposing dumping duties on certain cuts of beef affecting companies' abilities to service and grow this $512 million market. Just this year, Canada imposed dumping duties on United States tomatoes, $115 million. In 1999, Canada imposed dumping duties on exports of United States corn, a $36 million market resulting in little United States corn exported to Canada for 4 months until a provisional duty was removed.  These are examples of the rest of the world learning from the United States. Consequently, don't we in the United States think it would be better if our country or our President were at the table negotiating to see that these things did not happen? I think those are the issues before us.  I probably have implied very much that Dayton-Craig is a bad approach. My point is to simply say I hope my 99 other colleagues will look at the practice of the last 25 years, which has been a credible approach for the United States to be at the negotiating table, and say: Do you really want to change that? Do you want to change the credibility of the President of the United States at the negotiating table?  I yield the floor.  