 It is coming up for reauthorization. It has been an integral part of our trade policy for about 40 years.  We need to update trade adjustment assistance and make it more effective for people whom it is designed to serve.  Finally, I would like to say a few words about the Andean trade bill. That is the bill which the cloture motion we are debating is on.  The Andean trade bill will enable the United States to constructively engage with our Latin American neighbors at a time when many of them face enormous economic and political challenges. There is political instability and the social instability in some of those countries because they face severe economic challenges. There are more people with less growth and fewer material goods for the people. What the Andean pact comes down to is that we need--and the Andean nations need--a trade policy that will positively affect trade between our countries.  Where I come from--the little town of New Hartford, IA--when your neighbor down the road has an emergency, or needs a hand, in that Midwestern spirit we reach out to help. The United States pretty much has adopted the same policy as part of our responsibility of world leadership since World War II. It happens all over America. Neighbors help and support each other.  When our Andean neighbors--Colombia, Peru, Bolivia, and Ecuador--found themselves under siege by narco-terrorists, we reached out to help these hemispheric neighbors. Through the Andean Trade Preference Act, we designed a plan that is based on trade--not aid--following the advice of President Kennedy 40 years ago that focuses upon people's self-help. That is what trade is all about. Aid is all about doing something for somebody instead of helping themselves. But trade is about helping people to help themselves so they eventually develop to a point--such as Korea, Japan, Taiwan, and Thailand have in the last 40 years--where they don't need our help.  The Andean pact uses trade to promote economic development through a diversified export base as an alternative to the allure of the drug trade. I also support the Andean trade bill because it recognizes that trade and prosperity go hand in hand. Trade is not just for rich countries such as the United States, it is also for countries that aspire to be rich.  What country looking at the United States wouldn't like to have the prosperity the United States has developed in the last hundred years and become the richest nation in the world? Countries want better and more secure lives for their people. Countries want better health care, better education, and a better future for their children.  Through the Andean Trade Preference Act and complementary trading initiatives, such as the free trade areas of the Americas, we can help achieve a new era of hemispheric economic cooperation that will not only benefit those countries to the south of us but it will benefit us as well. The Andean nations know that trade--not aid--is the best way to overcome the fragmentation of Latin American economies and build self-sustaining growth that nourishes democratic institutions.  The United States must get off the sidelines. We need to get back into the middle of the negotiating circle and back into our customary role as leader of the world economy in trade, as we have been generally since at least 1947. But we haven't been there in the last few years. The rest of the world is not going to stand around and wait for us. They are negotiating over 100 agreements, and we have negotiated 3.  The longer we wait, without credibility at the negotiating table, the more harm will be done to our political and economic interests. By not leading the world, we are not going to help the world economy grow as large as that world economy can grow.  It is very important to get this debate started. To get this debate started, we have to have a yes vote on cloture on this bill so we can overcome a few Members of the Senate who believe the United States ought to be more parochial and a little more isolated. That is not a place where America has been since 1947.  I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  