 President, I am so glad we are in a position where we are able to discuss these very important prescription drug issues, including a prescription drug program for senior citizens as part of Medicare.  I am also glad that we are in a position on the floor of the Senate where we are divided in a traditional way, and in that traditional way, I do not mean just Republican and Democrat because too often that is overplayed.  We are divided between a group of Senators. First of all, I think we may not have 100 Senators who favor a prescription drug program for senior citizens, but I surely believe that we have 85 Senators who believe that we should have a prescription drug program for senior citizens as part of the modernization of Medicare.  Within that 85, I suggest we have some traditional division--division between those who have only confidence in the Government running the program and those, including myself, who have some confidence in the Government but not enough to believe that drug prices are going to be kept minimal through Government control so that we have confidence in the competition of the marketplace to reduce the price of drugs.  We are going to find over the next several days, as we continue to debate this legislation and hopefully bring it to culmination and pass a bill so we answer the concerns of our senior citizens who sometimes have to choose between food or medicine--and they should not have to make that choice--that we will have a prescription drug program as part of Medicare.  During that debate, I hope the American public listening will consider, do they have confidence in the Government running a program or in the private sector and the competition of the private sector keeping down prices?  Quite frankly, I believe when the Government is involved, we are going to run up the price of drugs. I think I can give evidence from the Congressional Budget Office, the nonpartisan scoring arm of the Congress, to that effect. I can also give evidence that if we have a program for senior citizens that has competition in it--in other words different organizations competing for membership of seniors and, in turn, competing for the lowest possible price with the pharmaceuticals--we are going to bring down the price of pharmaceutical medicines.  Since 1965, the Medicare Program has provided lifesaving health care services to our Nation's seniors and disabled populations. Hundreds of millions of Americans have had their quality of life improved and their health protected because of this Medicare Program. So we must ensure that Medicare continues the exemplary service it has provided beneficiaries since its inception in 1965, and through these program changes, including prescription drugs, improve it vastly.  Unfortunately, we have a situation that this is necessary because Medicare has not kept up with the advances in medical treatment. Medical advances in delivering health care have moved us light-years beyond 1965, but the Medicare Program has not changed to reflect those health care advances. So in order to ensure that Medicare is meeting the needs of today's and tomorrow's seniors, the program needs to be brought into the 21st century.  Very few people drive 1965 automobiles today, but every senior citizen is using a 1965 model of Medicare. So that is why, after a year of work, I introduced, with Senators Snowe, Breaux, Jeffords, and Hatch, a bipartisan bill--or if you look at the political backgrounds of all five, a tripartisan bill. Our 21st Century Medicare Act, as we have named it, is designed to bring Medicare up to date by adding a comprehensive prescription drug program and by making other improvements in the program as well. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated our bill will cost $370 billion over 10 years.  Now there are other proposals. Senator Daschle, from the other side of the aisle, has a bill. As I understand it, it has not yet been scored by the Congressional Budget Office. How much does it cost? I have heard figures from introducers of that legislation, maybe $450 billion, maybe $600 billion. We need to know what these programs are going to cost before we vote for them.  I want to take a moment and walk my colleagues through the elements of the 21st Century Medicare Act. First, the prescription drug benefit adds a comprehensive, voluntary, and permanent drug benefit to Medicare. Our monthly premium is $24. It is the lowest premium of any comprehensive proposal before the Congress, as the authors of those proposals have expressed what their premium is. Our drug benefit is focused on providing money where it is needed most--to the low-income senior citizen who has to choose in some instances between food and medicine. They will no longer have to make that choice.  It also targets those who have very high out-of-pocket expenses. Some people might refer to that as catastrophic coverage. We have other names for it, but I think we know that we are trying to protect people where the sky is falling in on them because of the need for prescription drugs.  I will describe for seniors with low incomes what this would do, starting with those below 135 percent of poverty. That would be about a $12,000 yearly income individually, about $16,000 a year income for a couple. Medicare will first pay the entire amount of their monthly drug premiums, no out-of-pocket expenses for them buying into the program.  Secondly, Medicare will assist them in paying for drugs at every level of spending. They will pay only $1 to $2 for their prescriptions. On average, this group of low-income, older people will see a 98 percent reduction in their total drug costs, another example of one not having to choose between food or medicine because they are low-income.  Next we would look at seniors with incomes above 135 percent of poverty but below 150 percent of poverty. This includes individuals with income a little bit over $13,000 and couples with income of almost $18,000. These enrollees will receive Medicare assistance on a sliding scale based upon their income to help pay their monthly premium to get into the program, and also Medicare will assist them in paying for drugs at every level of expenditure. There is no gap for these beneficiaries below 150 percent poverty.  Let us look at those with incomes above 150 percent of poverty, which is above $18,000 for a couple. They will pay an average monthly premium of $24 for their immediate care drug benefit--again, the lowest of any premiums that have been announced by other authors that we know about. They will pay a $250 deductible, and after they have reached the deductible, Medicare will cover 50 percent of their drug costs up to the benefit level of $3,450 in total drug spending. Furthermore, Medicare will cover 90 percent of all drug costs after beneficiaries have paid $3,700 out of their pocket for drugs.  Let me say a bit more about our drug benefit for Medicare beneficiaries above 150 percent of poverty. That is the group I just described. First, I wish we did not have a gap in coverage between $3,450 and $3,700, but the problem is that we are working within a limited amount of money--$370 billion--which is about halfway between the President's program for seniors and, let us say, the other prominent plan before the Senate, the Democrat plan. We are about in the middle. We have adopted a policy of using funds to benefit the largest possible number of Medicare beneficiaries, particularly those with low incomes, as I have demonstrated.  So helping low-income people as opposed to doing more with incomes a little bit higher, it requires some sort of a trade-off, and we have opted to help lower income and to help less the further up the line one goes. It is important to point out and to stress that even with these trade-offs, fully 80 percent of all Medicare beneficiaries will spend less than the initial benefit limit or will have access to low-income protections and therefore will have no gap in the coverage. The percentage, again, is 80 percent.  In the jargon of Washington, DC--and I know our constituents get tired of hearing Washington talk; we need to talk Iowa talk, but for my colleagues, that means 80 percent of the seniors in America under our plan will not be touched by what we call the doughnut hole. For the 20 percent of enrollees exposed to this gap in coverage, our billrequires that Medicare drug plans pass negotiated drug discounts along to Medicare enrollees all the time. All of those enrollees will be able to purchase drugs at a reduced price.  Everyone is going to benefit from this legislation. Our bill may include this small doughnut hole, but proposals from the other side of the aisle seem to me to include a black hole since this drug benefit ends in 2010, leaving Medicare enrollees without any drug benefit whatever.  Again, when we talk about legislation, if it comes to an end, we say that is a sunset. It is my understanding that the proposal from the other side has a sunset; in other words, a time when the benefit will end unless Congress reenacts it. Seniors are not going to sunset. Seniors are going to continue to need prescription drugs after this other proposal sunsets.  One of the disputes is lack of understanding of our benefit delivery system. I heard my colleagues describe how we arrived at the approach to delivering drugs, as the tripartisan bill does. That reminds me, I want to say another thing because I think we forget how things get done. No Republican plan can get through the Senate. No Democratic plan can get through the Senate. A Republican plan can get through the House of Representatives because that is the way that system runs and the majority party rules with an iron hand. There is a Republican plan that got through the House. There is a Democrat plan in the House that obviously did not pass the House. We got the President's program that is obviously a Republican program because we have a Republican President. We have a Senate Democrat plan. We do not have a Senate Republican plan, but we have a Senate bipartisan plan. That is the only way we will get anything through the Senate, and that is a bipartisan approach.  Getting back to how did we settle upon our delivery system for the prescription drug program for Medicare, we have been working for several months, to my chagrin, too many months, with the CBO to work through policy and what a certain policy would cost and changing policy--not basic policy but fine-tuning our policy from time to time to fit the realities of what CBO says.  The CBO is important in this process. It is an independent, nonpartisan congressional staff office that analyzes legislative proposals for costs on the one hand and workability on the other hand. The CBO does not have any ax to grind. And they had better not. And we in Congress rely on that. They are the bible for a lot of decisions made, particularly budget decisions.  According to CBO, spending on drugs for seniors over the next decade will grow at an astronomical rate. Over the next 10 years, there will be a steep rise in the price of pharmaceuticals. The CBO said the only way to contain the cost of a drug benefit is to ensure that drugs are delivered efficiently. In turn, the CBO says the only way to have drugs delivered efficiently is to have true competition, two or more organizations competing with the drug prices to get the prices down, as opposed to the other program I am talking about that relies on a government-run program. I quote the CBO that a government-run program will not bring down the price of drugs but one where there is true competition. We have a delivery system based on true competition.  According to CBO, this requires that we must use private plans that assume a reasonable degree of risk; in other words, some risk on the organization to make sure it is efficiently run, to see there is competition, as opposed to a government-run program where risk in pricing of drugs is assumed by the government. What I mean by risk is, if they are efficient, they will make money and, if not, they will lose money. If they drive hard bargains with drug manufacturers, they will make money. If not, they will lose money.  A limited degree of risk is all the tripartisan bill requires. People will ask, What sort of risk do you have if there is going to be a 75-percent subsidy for the Medicare prescription drug plans in our program? Because the Federal Government is protecting that 75 percent. We are told by CBO that at 25-percent risk we will be assured this level of risk is high enough to promote sufficient drug coverage and low enough to assure that plans participate in a stable, reliable drug system. It is the optimal level of risk.  Insurers who are so unhappy with the House bill in 2000 have indicated they can live with the level of risk in our bill. They would be crazy not to participate.  Our opponents are saying if the Federal Government lays $340 billion on the table, by far the largest entitlement expansion ever, plans will not participate. Where do our opponents get that? Flatout, according to the CBO, they are wrong. CBO says the insurers themselves say they are wrong. Most importantly, common sense says they are wrong. Unfortunately for our opponents, no one has invented a prescription drug that gives you common sense.  We need to make the dollars we have go as far as we can. Whatever our individual thoughts, the CBO in this case is an arbiter, and they tell us our bill, the 21st Century Act, does that; in other words, it keeps the cost of medicine down, guarantees the participation of those agencies to deliver the drugs.  Now, I know the Presiding Officer is from a rural State. I will address the question of whether the system the bill will establish will work in rural areas. Even if you are from Atlanta, there are a lot of rural areas in Georgia, so you ought to be asking, will we take care of rural areas? If you are in Montana or North Dakota, it is probably even more of a concern. I represent a rural State--maybe not the most rural State--and I would not support a Medicare drug bill that would put the rural parts of our Nation in jeopardy of not receiving equal access to prescription drugs under the same conditions as people in New York City.  Our bill guarantees that every Medicare enrollee will have a choice of at least two Medicare drug plans, a minimum of two. The Government will establish service areas for plans to offer Medicare drug benefits. These service areas must be the size of a State at a minimum. They can be multistate but at least the size of a State.  I stress that because you hear from the other side that plans will cherry-pick. You are not going to cherry-pick in the State of Iowa. You have to serve Des Moines just as you have to serve Armstrong, IA.  Another point I want to make concerns pharmacists. Pharmacists play a very important role in prescription drug programs for seniors. Not only that, but as we have increasing use of drugs, and seniors taking multiple prescriptions, and the interaction of those, pharmacists are going to play an even more important role. They are going to be needed to protect--I don't know whether the word ``protect'' is right--but oversee, to some extent, when prescription drugs are given, how they interact. Maybe a doctor won't be on top of that. You might have a person who gets a prescription from two different doctors. Are they going to interact? The focal point for that determination might be the pharmacist--ought to be the pharmacist, and will be. So there is going to be an increasing need for pharmacists.  Another thing I want to point out about the legislation is our assurance that Medicare beneficiaries will have convenient access to a brick-and-mortar pharmacy. The standards outlining what is convenient will be determined by our Department of HHS. Furthermore, in developing convenient access standards, our Department is explicitly required to take into account Medicare beneficiaries in rural areas.  We ought to consider consumer protection, so I will address that as our bill does. Our drug benefit proposal puts into place important consumer protections for our Medicare enrollees.  By the way, one of the things I didn't say that the CBO said about ours, we will have 99 percent of the seniors taking advantage of this program. That is how high the enrollment is going to be.  First, in regard to consumer protections, all Medicare drug plans will be put through a comprehensive approval process to ensure they will deliver quality drug benefits to seniors. The new Medicare competitive agency in the Federal Department of Health and Human Services will have to review and approve the application of the plan before that plan can participate in the program.  Standardized information on each drug plan will be sent by Health andHuman Services to all Medicare enrollees. If a Medicare drug plan wants to advertise for enrollees, all marketing material will have to be approved by HHS. All seniors will have access to necessary prescription drugs. Health and Human Services will determine therapeutic classes of drugs. Medicare drug plans will be required to offer drugs in all therapeutic classes.  If Medicare drug plans use formularies, they must establish a pharmacy and therapeutic committee to develop and review the formulary. Physicians and pharmacists must be represented on that committee. The P and T Committee shall base formulary decisions on scientific evidence and on standards of practice.  What I have outlined is a few ways in which our bill differs from Senator Daschle's bill. I would like to add a few more ways in which our bill differs as well.  First, Senator Daschle's plan is overly bureaucratic and I think extravagant, therefore it does nothing to curtail or even slow skyrocketing prescription drug costs. Why pass a bill if we are not going to do something to put the damper on the rapidly rising increases in the cost of drugs?  That is why it is essential that any new prescription drug benefit contain proper cost management controls that moderate growth in price while ensuring Medicare enrollees' access to prescription drugs.  While guaranteeing prescription drug coverage for all seniors, our proposal imposes reasonable cost-sharing obligations on beneficiaries and does promote competition among prescription drug plans which, as I have said so many times, will lead to a better overall effect on drug prices. That is a benefit to Medicare beneficiaries and to all Americans who are not even yet eligible for the Medicare Program because of age.  We have flexibility in Medicare drug benefits that we do not want to overlook because under Senator Daschle's plan, seniors face fixed copayments that, in many instances, mean they will actually pay more for drugs than they would under a system such as the one we propose, that gives prescription drug plans more flexibility to offer lower cost copayments.  I suggest that before the plan is finally put before the Senate by the other side--I will bet they will have that fixed because they have looked at our plan and they know we are more fair, particularly to low-income seniors, with our flexible drug benefit than what their fixed costs are.  Senator Daschle also writes into law the monthly premium seniors will pay for a drug benefit. But what happens if a plan has been efficient and wants to attract more Medicare enrollees by lowering their premium below that of other plans? Under Senator Daschle's approach, Congress would have to pass legislation for the plan to lower the premium. If you look at most of the problems we have with Medicare developing over the last 35 years, probably those coming directly from reimbursement of various health care providers, you will find that micromanagement of the Medicare Program by the Congress has led to most of the problems we have. So to the extent that we can have the marketplace be the disciplinarian in premium prices, copayments, in deductibles where catastrophic kicks in, et cetera, et cetera, we ought to allow that to happen.  We ought to look at what has benefited us as Senators and 10 million Federal employees or retirees or their families. You will see that competition among several of the Federal employee health benefits plans--they have, I don't know how many dozens of plans, but at least a couple of dozen plans, with competition among those plans, flexibility in those plans, the tailoring in those plans for particular interest groups of people in Federal employment, including Senators, they have been able to keep down the price of our Federal programs. That is directly related to the flexibility in the plans and the competition.  Why would you want to write into your plan a certain monthly premium?  Our plan then gives the freedom to offer premiums, copayments, and deductibles that are flexible, saving seniors money, or gives them more money.  We also have an enhanced Medicare fee-for-service option that is an improved and strengthened Medicare option--not one that seniors would have to take. If they are satisfied with the 1965 model, they can keep it with or without prescription drugs. If they would like to have a new and improved 21st century Medicare Program with or without prescription drugs--because prescription drugs are optional on all of these plans--we would give them the opportunity to do that. I will explain that.  None of the other proposals on the table do any of this. It creates the enhanced option. It is within the Medicare Program. It is a fee-for-service program. Let me be clear about the fact that it is delivered by the Federal Government just like Medicare. There has been some confusion on that point. It ought to be easily understood.  We think it is an option that many beneficiaries might find attractive. But the beauty of it is that we are not going to make that choice for them. It is voluntary. It is their choice.  Here is the bottom line. Beneficiaries, such as Medicare, have a right to keep it--keep it until you die. It is their choice. In fact, even future beneficiaries will always have this same choice under our plan--20-50. If you are 65 years old and you want the 1965 model of Medicare, choose it. But if it is 20-50, you are 65 years old and you want a 21st century model of Medicare, then you can choose the enhanced option.  I want to make it very clear that there is no sunset of the existing Medicare benefit package in our bill--like Senator Daschle's sunset in his drug benefit. We know on our side that senior citizens aren't going to sunset. They are going to be around forever.  In addition, Medicare enrollees can enroll in the Medicare drug benefit, whether they are in traditional Medicare fee-for-service, enhanced Medicare fee-for-service, or the Medicare+Choice.  Here is the choice that our bill offers seniors, if they want to take it.  Existing Medicare Part A and Part B focus on the coverage of routine, predictable medical expenses. But the enhanced option, which we are going to call Part E, focuses on preventive care and protection against devastating costs of serious illness. If beneficiaries prefer what they have now, for the third time, I say they can keep it. But if they like the idea of a better prevention and better insurance when they need it, then, for the third time, I say they can have the new, enhanced version.  On the subject of prevention, I would like to explain that we put a lot of emphasis on prevention. Medicare's current policy makes beneficiaries reluctant to seek out preventive services that may identify health problems and prevent more expensive care later. Part of that is because they have to pay a deductible.  Unlike many private health plans, Medicare today subjects people in this Part B to usually a 20-percent deductible.  For those who would elect the new, enhanced option, preventive benefits would not be subject to any deductible, or to any coinsurance.  That is an example of moving Medicare from 1965 to the 21st century.  I would like to highlight another improvement of enhanced option.  Medicare today has no limit on a beneficiary's expenses in a year, creating the potential for crippling costs in the event of a serious illness and maybe impoverishing some families. The bill would limit beneficiaries' exposure then to out-of-pocket costs for Medicare coverage services other than drugs to $6,000 per year. Beyond that amount, Medicare would pay 100 percent of any costs incurred by the beneficiaries.  In a given year, it is estimated that 2 to 3 percent of beneficiaries may have costs that reach above that level. Of course, if one looks at beneficiaries over multiple years, the likelihood of such expenses increases accordingly. If beneficiaries want the peace of mind that comes from such protection against serious illnesses, then for a fourth time, I say they have that choice.  Another issue our enhanced option addresses is the Medicare deductible structure. Under current law, the Part A deductible will be extremely high in the year 2005--$920 every time you go to the hospital--while the Part B deductible is going to stay at $100 peryear. The enhanced option includes a unified deductible of $300 per year for all services.  Medicare's irrational two-deductible system is unheard of in the private insurance industry today. Beneficiaries are used to single deductibles from their prior employer-based plan. If they like what they had while they were working, then they have the option, as I say for the fifth time, of taking the enhanced option within Medicare.  Here is another benefit from the enhanced option. Because Medicare benefits have so many holes in contrast to private insurance, most beneficiaries are forced to carry supplemental coverage to fill in the gap. We call that Medigap. Reducing those gaps will make such supplemental coverage less necessary, but, more importantly, if they want to have it more affordable for the beneficiaries, our bill establishes such new more affordable Medigap plans.  By the way, those employers who offer supplemental coverage will also find it less costly to do so under the enhanced option since it will have fewer holes to fill.  Is the enhanced option a better deal? From an actuarial standpoint, the answer is definitely yes.  The Congressional Budget Office tells us it is a more valuable benefit, largely because of the serious illness protections that it offers our seniors. But not all seniors are actuaries. So we are leaving it up to the seniors to decide which of the two plans is a better deal.  We make a few changes also in Medicare+Choice improvement. Starting in 2005, our bill takes modest steps to improve the Medicare+Choice Program. Medicare+Choice has been a big disappointment in my home State of Iowa. Only 1 county out of 99 has it. But seniors elsewhere--particularly in the larger cities and in the Sun Belt--rely on it.  Our proposal keeps that option alive without throwing money at the program as we have so much in the past. Instead, we create a competitive bidding system under which Medicare+Choice plans will compete with each other but not with the Medicare fee-for-service programs for beneficiaries.  I want to emphasize that no one in the fee-for-service Medicare will be affected by this change. We have made this change because today's bureaucratic pricing system sets arbitrary and inaccurate rates, and that discourages Medicare+Choice plans from participating. Our approach to Medicare+Choice is based on a bipartisan model embraced by the Clinton administration, and will result in fairer and more accurate payments to Medicare+Choice.  Before I give up the floor, I would like to comment for a short period of time on some statements that were made yesterday regarding our tripartisan 21st Century Medicare Act by people on the other side of the aisle. I think in some ways the facts were not given straight. I would like to correct the Record for the benefit of my colleagues.  Yesterday, there was reference made to an assets test as if there is something wrong with it. There is nothing wrong with it. Public policy for low-income Medicare populations has included assets tests since 1987. Our policy here in the Congress for low-income Medicare populations has included an assets test since 1987.  I said it twice so people know that it is not something new being thrown out there.  Specifically, assets test policies were first included in Federal policy in the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, which passed the Senate by a vote of 88 to 7 with help from people who, yesterday, were denigrating our plan, and voted for the 1986 plan.  Our bill includes an assets test similar to the 1999 President Clinton--remember he was a Democrat--Medicare bill.  Under current law, States have the flexibility to waive this assets test. Nine States and the District of Columbia have chosen to waive the test.  Our proposal allows assets test flexibility, found in current law, to be retained in the Medicare drug benefit program. The assets test ensures that seniors who need assistance the most are provided the most protection.  Also, let me clarify that current law specifically excludes from the assets test a person's home and the land the home is on, household goods, personal effects, including automobiles, the value of any burial space, and other essential property.  The people attacking our plan also attacked our plan yesterday because of the flexibility we have in it. So I want to respond to that.  Medicare enrollees deserve a quality drug benefit that meets their individual needs. The Daschle-Graham proposal does not allow any variation in cost sharing or premiums and is a one-size-fits-all plan which will fail to adapt to the needs of seniors, as we are now so far behind with the 1965 plan that was adopted in 1965.  It is also important that Medicare enrollees get quality drug benefits at the lowest possible price. The tripartisan plan strikes the right balance to ensure Medicare enrollees have access to prescription drugs they need at the best possible price.  Anyone wanting to offer a Medicare drug benefit will be required to receive the approval of Health and Human Services. This is not a checkoff approval process. There will be intensive interaction between any plan and the Government to ensure that Medicare enrollees are getting what they are paying for.  There are five separate places in our bill where the administrator is required to certify that a plan meets strict standards of actuarial equivalence. The plans will not be determining what is the equivalent standard benefit. The U.S. Government is going to make that determination. If a plan is not equivalent to the standard benefit, it is obvious the bid will be rejected, and should be.  In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has told us our standards of equivalence are strict enough that Medicare drug plans will have little room varying in premiums or cost sharing. In their words, that little room to vary is critical to the success of a Medicare prescription drug benefit and indicates how the tripartisan bill has found the right policy in Government assumption of risk--just enough--to make sure there is competition out there, to make sure plans are run efficiently, to make sure there is competition to drive down drug prices.  While the Democrat plan claims to include competition, I do not understand how Medicare plans will compete if they are required to offer identical premiums and identical cost sharing. If drug plans wanted to lower their cost sharing or lower their premiums in order to attract Medicare enrollees, the only way it could be done is for Congress to pass more legislation.  The tripartisan bill ensures the innovations of the private sector are not stifled by micromanagement, one-size-fits-all, Government-run drug benefits.  There is guaranteed access to the plan. We have had Members of the other side apparently unaware that the tripartisan bill guarantees access provisions. The tripartisan bill guarantees two Medicare prescription drug plans to every Medicare enrollee.  If the enrollee lives in an area where there is Medicare+Choice, the Medicare+Choice plans will not count towards the two-plan minimum.  The Medicare plans are not determining their own service areas. The Government will determine service areas, and the service areas must be at a minimum the size of a State.  The Government will be covering 75 percent of the value of the Medicare drug benefits, equalling $340 billion over the next 10 years. So anyone who says the plans will not participate is simply not operating with any common sense--$340 billion of encouragement to participate. This is a clear attempt, and a failing attempt, I believe, to paint the tripartisan bill not as what it is--something that five Senators have worked on for a year--but to paint it, instead, as the House Republican bill, which it is not.  Lastly, we have been attacked from the other side about the tripartisan's policy toward employers. The tripartisan bill gives employers a 100-percent subsidy to offer drug benefits to their retirees, as long as the retiree plan is, at a minimum, as generous as the standard Medicare benefit.  In contrast to the tripartisan plan, the Democrat plan only gives employers a two-thirds subsidy to retain their retiree prescription drug plan.  Listen, from the other side you heard that our plan does not take into consideration protecting retirees who already have a corporate retirement plan with health benefits in it, when we pay 100 percent of that. And what does the other side pay? Sixty-seven percent. The other side's plan forces a standard benefit on all Medicare beneficiaries. Will employers be forced to change their entire drug benefit structure in order to obtain the two-thirds subsidy? This could result in employers being forced to charge higher drug expenses for their retirees in order to receive the subsidy.  