  Madam President, there was a time when the States of New York and California were represented by Senators who supported requiring the use of ethanol and other domestic alternative fuels.  In fact, there was a time, less than 3 years ago, when two of the current California Senators and the senior Senator from New York, voted in favor of replacing MTBE with ethanol.  What has changed to cause these Senators to reverse themselves? I frankly don't know.  But there is one thing that has changed since the time New York and California were represented by Senators who supported replacing foreign fuel with domestic alternative and renewable fuels.  Today, more than ever, our national security is at risk because of our dependence upon foreign energy.  Today, more than ever, the Middle East oil and MTBE producers, have us literally, over the barrel.  More than ever. That is the biggest change since the time California and New York Senators supported replacing Middle East oil and MTBE with home grown renewable and alternative fuels.  Yet, today, they come to the floor of the Senate, to offer an amendment which will help assure that Middle East oil and MTBE producers maintain and increase their grip over the United States.  Today, 75 percent of the MTBE California uses, is produced by foreigners.  Saudi Arabia is the largest supplier of California MTBE.  In March of 1999, California's Governor, Gray Davis, issued an executive order, stating that by the end of 2002, all MTBE would be banned from California.  In August of 1999, Senator Boxer of California introduced a Senate resolution, calling for MTBE to be replaced by renewable ethanol. With the help of Senator Feinstein and Senator Schumer, that resolution was adopted by the Senate. That resolution underscored that renewable ethanol should replace MTBE. Why? It specifically stated that ethanol should replace MTBE to reduce our dependence upon foreign energy. It also stated that renewable ethanol should replace MTBE because MTBE was polluting drinking water.  Patriotic American farmers and ethanol producers, in direct response to these two initiatives by California's elected officials, invested $1.4 billion of their hard earned money to increase ethanol production by 1 billion gallons a year.  By the end of this year, when MTBE was supposed to be banned in California, our Nation's farmers and ethanol producers will be able to produce 400 to 500 million gallons more than is necessary to replace all of California's MTBE.  The California Energy Commission conducted a survey and concluded that by the end of 2004, U.S. ethanol production capacity will reach 3.5 billion gallons a year.  The renewable fuels standard, which these Senators want to gut, requires only 2.3 billion gallons of ethanol to be used starting in 2004. So even by the California Energy Commission's admission, the United States will be producing 1.2 billion gallons above and beyond what is required under the renewable fuels standard.  We are awash in ethanol produced in America's Midwest, yet 3 weeks ago, the Governor of California announced that MTBE can be used for another whole year. It doesn't make sense. Some elected officials would rather force their consumers to use MTBE from the Middle East, instead of ethanol from America's Middle West. They can't seriously be worried about motor fuel prices. How can increasing and diversifying your sources of energy, increase the price of your product?  Today, California has only seven refiners, and its two largest sources for MTBE are foreign. In sharp contrast, there are 61 ethanol plants in 19 States in the United States--two of which are in California.  The California Energy Commission has determined that fuel without oxygenates, such as MTBE or ethanol, will actually be more expensive.  In a recent report, the commission explained and I quote--``non-oxygenated reformulated alternatives are not necessarily easier to produce (than ethanol RFG), would involve significant capacity loss, and would require even more complex logistics.''  A recent poll of Californian opinion, conducted by the California Renewable Fuels Partnership, found that 76 percent of likely voters support banning MTBE because we can't afford the pollution caused by MTBE. Only 13 percent of those polled thought that it was a bad idea to ban MTBE because of potential higher gasoline prices.  The concerns expressed by opponents of the renewable fuels standard don't stand up to the facts.  So it boils down to this: If you want to take a positive step toward helping our Nation become less dependent upon foreign energy and the Middle East and to encourage the development of jobs and family income here in the United States, then join me in defeating this attempt to gut the renewable fuels standard.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  