 President, I yield myself such time as I might consume, but I would like to be informed if I have reached the 7-minute mark.  Mr. President, I hope people on the other side of the aisle will take into consideration the statements of the previous President of the United States, President Clinton, on the importance of trade. President Clinton rightly bragged about one-third of the new jobs during his administration being directly related to trade emphasizing the importance of trade. John Deere, Waterloo, IA--one-fifth of the jobs there are related to trade: 3M in Oakville, IA--40 percent of production is related to trade.  We want to remember that trade creates jobs. It creates jobs that pay 15 percent above the national average. According to President Clinton, and according to the economic facts of life, trade is good for American workers--creation of jobs, and creation of good jobs.  I would also like to say that those who have been criticizing President Bush saying he does not have a strong economic team must, in fact, have their heads in the sand.  Compare that criticism to what I just said about the importance of trade as emphasized by President Clinton. Then you will see the strong economic leadership of Ambassador Zoellick and Secretary Evans as they have worked on trade issues generally, and particularly their leadership on trade promotion authority.  Two things about the economic policy of this administration: They have strong leaders in place to talk about the importance of the economy and to carry out policy important to the economy. And particularly they are considering continuing the trend that President Clinton emphasized--the importance of trade to creating jobs, and good jobs.  I think it is bunk that this administration has no strong economic voice, particularly if you look at the strong leadership of Ambassador Zoellick and Secretary Evans on promoting good trade policy, and their very successful work on bringing this legislation to where it is now.  Make no doubt in anybody's mind that I rise in strong support of the conference report accompanying H.R. 3009, the Trade Act of 2002, and urge my colleagues to support cloture and final passage.  This bill is the product of over a year and a half of intense negotiations, discussion, and debate from both Republicans and Democrats in both Houses of Congress--and particularly strong bipartisan support here in the Senate.  Because of these efforts, the Trade Act strikes a solid and balanced compromise among a number of key issues and competing priorities in the tradition of bipartisanship in the Senate. It is a product that should receive broad support here in the Senate today.  The Trade Act of 2002 renews trade promotion authority for the President for the first time in almost a decade.  Through a spirit of compromise, Democrats and Republicans were able to break the deadlock on trade promotion authority that was the environment during the last term of President Clinton, and we were able to reach a balanced compromise on a number of key issues.  At the same time, we were able to provide the President with the flexibility that he needs to negotiate strong international trade agreements while maintaining Congress's constitutional role over U.S. trade policy.  It represents a thoughtful approach to addressing the complex relationships between international trade, workers' rights, and the environment. And it does so without undermining the fundamental purpose and proven effectiveness of this process now called trade promotion authority.  It is an extremely solid bill. The Trade Act also reauthorizes and improves trade adjustment assistance for America's workers whose jobs may be displaced by trade. I think the trade adjustment provisions in the act are a vast improvement over the legislation that passed the Senate.  Our provisions--which I voted for but wasn't entirely in tune with--would have completely rewritten existing law of trade adjustment assistance.  In doing so, the Senate bill added a number of new, costly definitions, time lines, and ambiguous administrative obligations.  This conference report removes these burdensome and ill-advised changes. Unlike the Senate bill, the conference report simply amends and builds upon existing trade adjustment assistance law.  It adds new provisions which help to actually improve trade adjustment assistance while maintaining a linkage to trade.  In short, the Trade Act improves the Senate-passed trade adjustment bill and represents a balanced approach to ensuring that workers displaced by trade will get the necessary assistance in trading to reenter the workplace.  I also mention the good provisions of the Andean pact because this will help create new employment opportunities in the countries of Bolivia, Ecuador, Colombia, and Peru. It will help us, too, in our efforts there to fight drug trafficking.  I will be the first to admit that this bill is not a perfect piece of legislation. But, all in all, it is fair and balanced. It deserves strong support.  International trade has long been one of our most important foreign policy and economic tools. It was a key component for the last 50 years for enhancing international economic strategy. This bill will make a difference.  Nations around the world are waiting for our call and the usual U.S. leadership of the last 50 years. Trade ministers and cabinets all over the world are looking to the Senate now for the United States to reestablish its leadership that we haven't had for 9 years. I hope we will not let them down.  I urge support for the conference report, vote for cloture and passage of the bill.  I yield the floor.  