 President, I express my strong support for this amendment.  The amendment sends a strong signal from the U.S. Senate.  Customs user fees should be used solely to fund the U.S. Customs Service, not as some offset for unrelated programs.  Let's put this in context. When Congress first authorized these customs fees the avowed purpose was to underwrite the costs of Customs commercial operations.  We should make sure these fees are being used for customs. That is what this Amendment does.  Allow me to read just a few of the letters I received over the last several months on this issue.  The National Association of Foreign Trade Zones writes:       [We] recently learned that the Trade Adjustment Assistance      Bill . . . includes language that would provide for extension      of the Merchandise Process Fee to offset the cost of the TAA      program.       As you are aware, the fee was originally established by      Congress to cover the costs of the commercial operations of      the U.S. Customs Service.       The [National Association of Foreign Trade Zones] is      strongly opposed to any extension or reauthorization of the      [Merchandise Process Fee] from their congressionally intended      purpose.And the National Association of Foreign Trade Zones is not alone.  The National Customs Brokers & Forwarders Association of America writes:       [We are] aware of pending legislation due for consideration      regarding Trade Adjustment Assistance. While [we] support      TAA, we cannot support the use of user fees to ``pay for''      this program.       Merchandise processing fees need to be directed to the      agency for which they were collected--the U.S. Customs      Service.  Aligent Technologies, a Fortune 500 company and one of the top 100 importers in the Nation writes:       The Merchandise Processing Fee is a ``user-fee'' paid by      importers to cover the cost incurred by Customs to process      imports.       . . . If US Customs is to continue collecting [the fee], it      must directly fund Customs processing improvements,      specifically for the new Automated Commercial Environment and      other initiatives that are greatly needed to improve the      trade process.  Members may be under the mistaken impression that extending these fees without ensuring that they go for customs is simply keeping a convenient money stream flowing.  That is not so.  You will hear that extending the fees without ensuring they are used for customs purposes will have no impact on Customs' budget.  If it has no impact, why is it in the bill? It's in the bill because it has an impact on budget scoring. Once CBO scores these funds against trade adjustment assistance, they cannot be used by Customs for Customs modernization.  These funds are no longer available to offset the costs of Customs modernization.  So I think the Senator's amendment is very simple and very reasonable.  I just want to make sure that Customs user fees are being used for their intended purpose.  In fact, we included a similar sense-of-the-Senate resolution during markup of this bill.  This is a commonsense amendment and I urge my colleagues to support it.  