  Mr. President, obviously, as you might expect, I rise in opposition to the latest amendment by Senator Graham--whether it is Graham 2, 3, or 4, I am not sure, but it is another Graham idea on drugs.  First of all, I would like to address an argument that some Senators have been making on behalf of this amendment. They have argued that this is the Senate's very last chance to deal with the drug issue this year. Even though this amendment is terribly flawed, they say that somehow Senators should be encouraged to vote for it anyway.  Mr. President, I am second to none in my frustration with the Senate's failure on this issue at this point. The Democratic leadership has abandoned any pretense of a fair process. And fair process is what the Senate is all about. Instead of leading, the Democratic leader has been content to cook up his own proposals or have members of his party cook up their own proposals and try to somehow just ram them through the Senate.  For those of us who believe things in this body must be done in a bipartisan way, and through the committee process, and, in the end, get things done, this process in which we have been involved has been extremely frustrating.  The good news is that this vote is not the last vote. Fortunately, the Senate still has time and the ability to act. Speaking for my colleagues in the tripartisan group, we are ready to move on and begin work in the Finance Committee on a truly bipartisan compromise. I wish Senator Daschle had the confidence in Senator Baucus I have to move a bipartisan bill on Medicare prescription drugs out of committee.  No one should vote for this amendment in the misguided belief that it is their last chance because it is not their last chance.  Now I would like to address the substance of the amendment before us. The sponsors chose to spring the text of this amendment on the Senate yesterday for the first time. Perhaps they thought they could slip in somethingnew that we would not catch. Well, we caught it, and you know we have caught it by the speeches of the Senator from Maine. We actually have had a chance, and we have studied the Graham amendment.  The Graham amendment imposes a massive new burden on States just when State treasuries are in terrible shape. What does it do? Well, it mandates--do you like mandates?--that State Medicaid Programs provide cost-sharing assistance to an entirely new universe of seniors who have incomes up to 150 percent of the Federal poverty level. If that is not bad enough, it also socks the States with administrative costs of enrolling seniors with incomes up to 200 percent of poverty. Even beyond those costs, this enrollment burden is going to be an administrative nightmare for the respective States because of all the different populations involved.  At a time--and we know this is true in at least 45 of the 50 States--when they are experiencing tremendous budget pressures, massive new burdens of this type are the last thing the States need to have imposed upon them by the Federal Government. In fact, last week we heard of the problems of the State budgets and the problems States are having with their Medicare Program, because we voted for additional fiscal relief just last week. How ironic it would be if now we were going to add yet another burden.  Let me point out another problem with the amendment before us, and that is the low-income benefit, focusing on the beneficiaries that it serves. If you earn $1 too much to qualify for coverage, you get nothing. That is a cliff, we call it. We try to avoid cliffs. If we do policy right, we do avoid cliffs. But this amendment isn't about policy that makes sense, this amendment is about a political statement.  So seniors can find themselves in a situation where, if they earn $17,720, they qualify. If they earn an extra $1, $17,721, they lose drug coverage. So the Graham amendment sets up disincentives for beneficiaries to work at the same time as Congress has been trying to remove the wrong incentives from the law, and here we are considering a new disincentive. Once again, the policy just doesn't make sense.  Everything I have said so far pertains to the benefit for the 30 percent or so of low-income beneficiaries who get solid coverage under the Graham amendment. Unfortunately, there are another 70 percent out there who get very little coverage at all. Those 70 percent, in fact, are the biggest losers of all under this alternative.  Just how bad is this benefit in the amendment before us? A senior above 200 percent of poverty with average drug spending will receive approximately $6 of assistance every month--only $6 towards their prescription drug expenses. For me, $6 a month is hardly a benefit at all. I would be embarrassed to go home to Iowans and tell them I voted for an amendment that provided only $6 a month to average beneficiaries.  Why is there so little benefit? Because for 70 percent of the seniors, there is no coverage from zero to $3,300 in out-of-pocket spending. A week ago, the author of this amendment complained about a proposal I put forward because we had a $250 deductible. Now we are seeing a $3,300 deductible. Benefits paid by private insurance don't even count towards that.  Another problem: Retirees with decent coverage from a union or an employer do not incur actual drug costs out of their own pocket above $3,300, so the Graham benefit provides almost nothing for them.  I have to sound a sobering note: You don't pull the wool over the eyes of Americans--and seniors in particular. They don't appreciate false promises. I fear Senators who vote for the Graham amendment will have a lot to answer for down the road. I won't be one of them. I urge my colleagues not to be one of them either.  We are facing another mostly partisan vote on a mostly partisan bill, another vote that will fail to get 60 votes and will fail to help our seniors. Had regular order been followed, had the Finance Committee been given the right to work its bipartisan will, we could be completing action on this issue. Instead, we are still at a beginning.  The sponsors of the tripartisan bill, the only bipartisan bill in all of Washington, DC, to provide comprehensive, universal coverage, have always been ready and willing to talk to anyone about compromises, and we are still in this mode. We are ready to meet people any place, any time, anywhere to discuss this, including members and leaders of the AARP, who somehow got sucked in today to supporting something that a week ago they said they abhorred.  This situation is going to continue to be the case for us in this group, even after this morning's vote. So this vote is an ongoing, evolving process to get us a successful product. I have promised my constituents I will not give up on this issue. Adding a drug benefit to Medicare is business that simply cannot wait another year to cost $100 billion. Just as the need for prescription drug coverage in Medicare is not going to go away, we in the tripartisan group are not going to go away.  Mrs MURRAY. Mr. President, I rise today to reluctantly support the Graham/Smith amendment. I am casting this vote to move the process forward so we can get closer to providing seniors and the disabled with the prescription drug coverage they need.  I have got to tell you that I am frustrated and disappointed that Congress hasn't made more progress on this critical issue. Our seniors deserve better than the procedural fights we have seen here in the Senate, and they deserve better than the Graham/Smith amendment. Today I am voting for this amendment because it offers best hope of moving the process forward after so many delays.  Part of my frustration goes back to the priorities that were set last year. Strengthening Medicare should have been a top priority in Congress. Instead, the Republican-controlled House and Senate moved forward with a $1.25 trillion tax cut. Now we are fighting to provide a minimal Medicare prescription drug benefit that will not cost more than $400 billion over ten years. While we have come a long away since the President's inadequate $190 billion proposal at the start of the year, we still are not where we need to be.  I do want to applaud the efforts of our leader Senator Daschle and Senator Graham. I know that they share my goal of a universal, affordable benefit as part of Medicare. Senator Graham has worked especially hard on behalf of our seniors and the disabled.  While this amendment provides some targeted relief, it falls far short of our original goal. I supported S. 2625, a universal, affordable benefit that treated all seniors the same. Like the Medicare program, it offered every senior access to affordable coverage. I was disappointed that we could not secure the necessary 60 votes on this package. I do want to point out that S. 2625 did receive 52 votes, meaning a majority of my colleagues supported this approach. Unfortunately, due to procedural battles and partisan bickering, 52 votes were not enough.  This amendment does provide immediate assistance to the most needy and vulnerable. Ensuring that seniors below 200 percent of poverty receive access to affordable coverage is critical and will offer coverage to a larger number of seniors and the disabled. In Washington State, this could mean that 290,000 Medicare beneficiaries would be eligible for full coverage with a nominal copayment and no monthly premiums. This is a big improvement. It would ease some of the pressures on our State Medicaid program, which has been trying to fill the Medicare gap for low income beneficiaries.  But, as we all know, income is sometimes not always the best measurement of need. What about those seniors who earn just $1 over the 200 percent of poverty threshold? They could have significantly higher drug costs yet receive no benefit, until they reach a catastrophic level of $3,300.  In Washington State, this could mean 428,000 beneficiaries would not be eligible for the low income assistance. Yet, these seniors paid the same taxes and contributed the same percentage of their income while they were working to support the Medicare program.  I am pleased this amendment will offer catastrophic protection to all seniors regardless of income. Targeted relief to those with expensive drug costs does provide some level of fairness to the program. Ensuring that seniors with more than $3,300 in out of pocketcosts receive relief is a positive improvement and will offer some piece of mind.  This amendment is a good starting point, but it cannot be the final product we offer our seniors. I fear that this proposal could get worse in conference. The House-passed bill is nothing but a false promise of benefits. It is based on a private insurance model that has all but failed in most parts of the country. It would require significant out of pocket costs for even the low income and could result in less coverage for many seniors. It has a huge hole in coverage and does not offer a seamless benefit as part of Medicare. It is a sham, and once it sees the light of day, seniors will not be fooled.  I am willing to support this amendment with the understanding that this is only the beginning. This is the foundation for building a real universal benefit as part of Medicare. This cannot be the high water mark. I do not want a final conference report to offer only targeted limited relief based on a private insurance model. We cannot just merge this amendment with the House-passed bill. Instead, we must build on both approaches and make significant improvements. We must insist that the final product result in a seamless benefit that is part of Medicare that offers universal, affordable coverage.  I want to make one other point about our attempts to improve Medicare. As my colleagues know, I am very concerned about Medicare reimbursement rates. These rates vary by region and don't reflect the true costs of providing care in many States. I am concerned that this amendment builds on that flawed, unfair formula.  In Washington State, the annual per beneficiary payment from Medicare is $3,921 while in Louisiana it is as high as $7,336. Seniors in Washington State are suffering from this inequity. They cannot find a doctor to accept new Medicare patients and are forced to seek care in overcrowded emergency rooms. This inequity also puts providers in Washington State at a distinct economic disadvantage. Doctors are leaving my State for other parts of the country that offer higher Medicare reimbursements. In some parts of the country, Medicare payments are so high they subsidize private insurance payments. I can tell you that this is not the case in Washington State.  Unfortunately, the Graham/Smith amendment would result in some States receiving much greater coverage than others. Because the benefits will be targeted to those below 200 percent of poverty, some States will again receive much more Medicare funding than other States. In Washington State, only 40.4 percent of seniors would be eligible. However, in Louisiana 66 percent would eligible for coverage. As we work to improve Medicare we should make the program more fair to all seniors.  I understand that we will not be adding a provider package to this bill. We all recognize the need to address the provider shortfalls. I understand that the Majority Leader is committed to taking up a provider package in September. This must be a priority. It does little good to offer a prescription drug benefit if seniors cannot find a doctor. I urge my colleagues to work to address the inequities in the Medicare reimbursement formula as part of a provider package. We cannot continue to increase payments without a fix, as those at the top continue to receive a large percentage of the increased dollars.  So I am willing to support the Graham/Smith amendment as a starting point for our work on crafting an affordable, universal drug benefit that's part of Medicare. It's clear that we still have a great deal of work to do. And regardless of the outcome of this vote, I'm committed to working on this issue until we have the coverage that seniors and the disabled need.  Mr. Hatch. Mr. President, my, what a difference a week makes! Who would ever think that the Senate would now be considering a piece-meal, minimalist Medicare prescription drug coverage amendment.  Is that what seniors want? I don't think so and that is why I want to express my vehement opposition to the Graham plan.  Over the past few weeks, we have heard just about everything under the sun regarding prescription drug coverage. Some fact, much fiction.  What we need to do now is to sort out the rumors and false statements and look just at the facts.  The one undeniable fact where we all agree is this: the need for Medicare drug coverage is too great to let it become buried in a political quagmire.  We have all been working hard on this issue and we must not fail our seniors now by passing a piece-meal Medicare prescription drug plan. Apparently, our Democratic Leadership does not agree. Let's look at the facts.  We know that the tripartisan bill will cost $370 billion over 10 years. We hear that the latest Graham bill will cost close to $400 billion over 10 years, but the plan keeps changing so we do not have a true CBO score. We just received the legislative language late yesterday afternoon and CBO has not had a change to carefully review the legislative language.  We know that the tripartisan bill will provide a comprehensive benefit package for all seniors. Every single senior receives comprehensive, guaranteed coverage for his or her prescriptions.  We know that the Graham bill does not provide comprehensive coverage for all seniors. Under the Graham bill seniors only receive coverage for drugs if their incomes are below 200 percent of the Federal Poverty Level or if they reach their catastrophic coverage limit. What happens to middle-income beneficiaries? My friends, these seniors are just out of luck.  We know that the tripartisan bill will work to push drug costs down through private sector competition.  We know that the graham bill is going to have a new, federally-funded, government-run drug program that has no cost-saving mechanisms. In my opinion, a government-run program will lead us down the dangerous path of prescription drug price-setting. Look what has happened to the reimbursement rates of other Medicare providers, like hospitals and physicians.  The tripartisan bill encourages competition based on quality and cost. The tripartisan proposal lowers prices for all drugs without compromising quality and innovation. The Graham plan does not.  The tripartisan plan offers choice--a choice of plans, a choice of medication and a choice of Medicare coverage through our enhanced fee-for-service option. The Graham plan has a one size fits some proposal.  Our tripartisan plan improves the Medicare program by taking a global approach to meet the changing needs of seniors. The tripartisan bill provides protection against high hospitalization costs and offers free preventions benefits. This is what modern health care demands.  On the other hand, the Graham plan only provides minimal drug coverage for a small number of Medicare beneficiaries.  Why should seniors settle for a piece-meal approach? It just doesn't make any sense.  For less than the cost of the Graham catastrophic plan--or, I think, the catastrophic Graham plan--which would benefit less than half of seniors, the tripartisan approach provides comprehensive coverage with quality drug coverage, choice and cost savings for all Medicare beneficiaries.  A piece-meal approach and last minute changes to keep the CBO score down to placate people is the approach my colleagues on the other side have taken in putting this bill together. And it is the wrong approach.  So it is no surprise that is what their plan has offered--a piecemeal, band-aid approach to providing drug coverage.  We need to provide Medicare beneficiaries with adequate prescription drug coverage, this year. We must put aside our differences and self interests.. Partisan arguments only stand in the way of Medicare drug legislation being passed by the Senate.  Let's start the process of improving health care for our seniors by passing quality prescription drug coverage.  Let's not fail them again by allowing the piece-meal Graham plan to pass the Senate. Our Medicare beneficiaries are depending on us to provide them the best Medicare prescription drug coverage possible.  My friends, a vote in favor of the Graham plan does not accomplish this important goal. Our Medicare beneficiaries deserve better.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the Graham amendment.  