 President, I rise today on this 1 year anniversary of September 11 to join my colleagues, as well as the rest of the country, in a day of reflection and remembrance. It is often said that time heals all wounds. Obviously, it is going to take an eternity for the grief to subside for the families of the 3,000 people mass-murdered last year, with the mental image of commercial jetliners searing into the national landmarks remaining fresh in our mind. If they do not, we are reminded of it by watching TV this very day and maybe all week.  Such horrific acts that happened a year ago today seemed impossible at that time. But, of course, all that has changed. Now it is hard to understand how such hate and extreme acts of horror against humanity can take place. While the Federal Government is working to beef up the military to protect our borders and to improve its intelligence gathering, it is virtually impossible to guarantee a risk-free environment in a free and open society that we proudly claim as America.  One year after the attacks, I am not so sure the American people really remember that we are in a war on terrorism. But the fact is, we are, and we will be for some time to come. I pray that we do not end up with a situation in the Middle East that we see too often on television where there are random suicide bombings. The risk exists and Americans are not realistic if they do not think of those things happening here like they might happen in Jerusalem. Terrorism has changed our way of life. We might be complacent about it and not want to realize it, but it is here. And every one of us, then, has a responsibility to remain vigilant.  The 1-year anniversary of September 11 is an important reminder that the war against terror has not yet be won. Considering the loss of human life, imminent terrorist threats to our security, and even our ailing economy, it is not easy to look for the silver lining on the 1-year anniversary of the September 11 attacks. But remember what the President said in the week after those attacks: The terrorists succeeded in tearing down bricks and mortar, but they failed to rock the foundation that has kept America strong.  A year later, America's resilience can be seen from sea to shining sea.  September 11, 2001, ushered in a new era. Notions of invincibility have been shattered. But the uncommon courage of first responders called to duty on that day reflects the steadfast spirit of our great Nation and our people called Americans. Our resolve to pull together and to stand united against evil immediately resurrected the principles on which this country was founded some 226 years ago. Despite the attacks, attacks defined to pit fear against freedom, the United States of America is yet stronger than ever.  Like the rest of the country, lawmakers in Washington, DC, dropped partisan pretense, worked quickly to assist survivors, backed recovery efforts, ensured the safety of the flyingpublic, and got the economy rolling again. The 107th Congress threw its support behind the President to root out the terrorist networks responsible for the attacks, realizing the war in Afghanistan is probably only one of many battles to be fought and hopefully won.  Thanks to courageous service men and women, the al-Qaida network has been largely dismantled from its base in Afghanistan but not elsewhere. That evil continues to lurk in other regions of our world. And with the security of the American people first and foremost in our mind, the President has worked to leave no stone unturned. That includes creating a new Cabinet-level Department of Homeland Security and keeping Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein from unleashing weapons of mass destruction against the United States or other places within our world.  The President needs to make the case to the American people, to Congress, and our allies abroad, and he will do that hopefully within 48 hours, and do it in a way that says freedom and peace will remain at risk, as he explains it, until rogue dictators and others who harbor terrorists and finance their evil acts are no longer able to do those things.  This month, the Senate is debating the proposal to realign the Federal Government's infrastructure and operations charged with thwarting acts of terrorism. I am working to make sure the new Department helps to solve the shortcomings exposed by September 11 and not create new ones.  Many recall the patriotism displayed by native Iowan Coleen Rowley, who blew the whistle on bureaucratic bungling at the FBI. I will work in this bill to see that new Department employees are guaranteed strong whistleblower protections and to strengthen accountability within the intelligence community. These protections for whistleblowers are very important to make sure our intelligence community and the homeland security is working for the good of the American people and to see the statutory requirements are carried out.  When the Department of Homeland Security bill is up, I will make sure that hard-working taxpayers' money is not wasted with this new Federal agency.  One year later, after September 11, life goes on in America. It is not the same as it was a year ago. Life is not as secure or risk free as we once thought it was--and maybe we should not have thought that it was, but we did. Air travelers deal with tightened security measures at the Nation's airports. People are staying closer to home, flying less. Ordinary Americans and law enforcement officials do not hesitate to report suspicious activity. For many, it has enhanced common courtesies and boosted greater appreciation for the simpler things of life.  Iowans deserve a lot of credit for their outpouring of support in the last year. From a remarkable quilt-making project for the victims, particularly in New York City, to generous charitable cash donations, and to those serving in our military, Iowans are proud, compassionate Americans. Many agree that the tragedy a year ago has renewed a sense of civic duty, patriotism, and appreciation for the U.S. military. There is a spirit of all-for-one and one-for-all, as we wear, display, and decorate with all things red, white, and blue.  With this 1-year anniversary, I join my colleagues in reflection and remembrance. While we go about our daily business, we can consider the tragic loss in human life and the acts of heroism by brave defenders. In the weeks and years ahead, we can continue to work for the betterment of our communities. We can donate blood, pray for the victims and their families, support emergency workers, and give thanks for the precious freedoms we enjoy every day.  We cannot erase the sorrow and suffering brought by September 11, but with our actions each one of us can make America stronger.  I remember this day especially Miss Kincade, from Waverly, IA, who was on the plane that hit the Pentagon. She was an intern in my office in 1984.  I remember Mr. Edward V. Rowenhorst, whom I did not know but I know his brother who goes to my church in Cedar Falls, IA. He was in the Pentagon working.  I remember traveling to a ceremony last Veterans Day in Anamosa, IA, where they honored one of their own who was also killed in the Pentagon 1 year ago today.  So Iowans, as most people in most States, have victims to remember. I remember them.  I yield the floor.  