 President, Senator Strom Thurmond achieved more before middle age than many of us achieve in a lifetime. Born in 1902, Senator Thurmond in 1933 was already a State senator in South Carolina. In 1938, he was a State court judge. From 1942 to 1946, he served in World War II, landing on the beach in Normandy on D-day with the 82nd Airborne Division and earning numerous decorations, medals and awards. In 1947, the year he turned 45, he was the Governor of South Carolina. In 1954, when he was elected to the Senate, he already had a full history of serving the public, especially the people of his beloved home State of South Carolina. In the Senate, Senator Thurmond has demonstrated a keen political instinct and achieved a legendary reputation for constituent service. The people of South Carolina know Senator Thurmond will treat them royally--a standard I try to emulate for my own constituents. Senator Thurmond's imprint on the Senate is with this institution forever.  Senator Thurmond is responsible for one of the highlights of my Senate service. In 1980, soon after I was first elected to the Senate, Senator Thurmond was becoming chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He asked me to join the committee. I explained I wasn't a lawyer, but he explained I didn't need to be. Senator Thurmond promised to get me good staff to help me with the technical points of Judiciary Committee work. He delivered on that promise, and I thoroughly enjoy serving on the Judiciary Committee. I hope to continue serving on that committee as long as I'm a member of the Senate, although of course I won't serve as long as Senator Thurmond. I appreciate Senator Thurmond's support of me as a freshman Senator, and an unknown quantity, by giving me the opportunity to join his committee. I hope I haven't disappointed him.  As a farm State Senator, I seek like-minded Senators to support the survival of family farmers. Senator Thurmond has always supported any efforts to advance this cause. He comes from a largely agricultural State, and he understands how family farmers not only feed the world, but also make up part of the fabric of American life. I'm grateful to have served with Senator Thurmond over the years, and to continue serving with him.  