 President, as all of my colleagues know, I strongly support the production of renewable domestic fuels, particularly ethanol and biodiesel. As domestic, renewable sources of energy, ethanol and biodiesel can increase fuel supplies, reduce our dependence on foreign oil, and increase our national and economic security.  Historically, Congress and the administration have asked the Federal Government to lead by example when moving this country to new standards. Since we are talking about the future of energy in this country, we as a Federal Government must lead by example. The Dayton-Grassley amendment is largely symbolic and it will codify what many administrations have already directed the Federal Government to do: to use renewable fuels where practicable.  For instance, the last administration issued an Executive order directing the Federal Government to exercise leadership in the use of alternative fuel vehicles, to develop and implement aggressive plans to fulfill the alternative fueled vehicle acquisition requirements of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, which required 25 percent in 1996, 33 percent in 1997, 50 percent in 1998, and 75 percent in 1999 and thereafter.  The Executive order was never adhered to because it was not generally practicable, but the Dayton-Grassley amendment is much easier to implement, because we are talking about setting a standard using normally blended renewable fuels.  The Federal Government should be using as much renewable fuels as is practicably available.  This amendment would require just that--where available, Federal fleet vehicles should be using ethanol and biodiesel, the two most practicably available renewable fuels.  I support this amendment, because it makes good sense for the Federal fleet to use as much ethanol and biodiesel as it possibly can.  The requirements for ethanol and biodiesel usage under this amendment are easily attainable and does not require the Federal fleet to comply if the blended fuel is not readily available.  I am pleased to offer this amendment with Senator Dayton.  