 President, I am offering an amendment to reauthorize the Arsenal Support Program Initiative, ASPI, for 2 more years. This program has been successful but the need continues.  Both the Rock Island Arsenal and the Watervliet Arsenal are now suffering from underutilization. Both are currently at under 30 percent of their capacity. This underutilization has greatly affected overhead rates at both arsenals, making it increasingly difficult to compete with private industry. At the same time, the base of skilled arsenal workers has steadily eroded.  I strongly believe that an organic industrial base must be maintained if we are to be prepared to meet future, unanticipated national security needs. Arsenals provide a valuable rapid manufacturing capability for specializedand unique defense manufacturing needs. The decline in skilled arsenal workers is therefore particularly troubling in light of the new threats our forces will face in the war on terrorism.  The ASPI addresses the problem of underutilization of arsenals by encouraging private industry to utilize the arsenals. This provides a way to help keep the arsenal industrial base warm, while helping to save taxpayer dollars by supplementing arsenal overhead costs. The ASPI has already helped initiate many beneficial relationships with private industry. For instance, the Rock Island Arsenal currently has a contract with the Quad City Labor Management Partnership, which provides training to Rock Island Arsenal personnel in return for the use of administrative space. Another company, TDF Corp., is currently a tenant at the Rock Island Arsenal and the Arsenal is in discussions with a cellular telephone company and others. The Watervliet Arsenal is currently in the process of executing contracts with three different private manufacturers and is exploring other possibilities. Pine Bluff Arsenal has also taken advantage of contracts with the private sector to provide additional revenue.  The Arsenal Support Program Initiative opens up new opportunities for savings at our arsenals as well as making them more self-sufficient. This program is a win-win situation for the Army, the arsenals and industry, and I urge my colleagues to allow this program to continue.  