 President, I thank Senator Harkin for working closely with us over a long period of time to reach agreement on exact language. He has spoken as to how difficult that was and how hard everybody worked. I won't repeat any of that. I associate myself with that part of Senator Harkin's remarks.  I support this amendment. For Senator Baucus and I, as managers of the legislation, were glad to have it go through in this fashion.  When discussing trade and particularly this trade promotion authority bill, it is important to put the issue of child labor in the proper context. What I want to say as the bottom line, before I say everything above the bottom line, is that trade is the instrument to improve the economy of countries because economies that are not in poverty do not have child labor problems that countries in poverty do have.  I will discuss this from two standpoints: One, how the bill was crafted even prior to Senator Harkin's amendment to deal with the issues of child labor, and also what we are doing as Government and the people of the United States to help in other ways on the issue of child labor.  First, I will address what the United States has done with respect to internationally recognized working rights. Our country is not a newcomer to this arena. We have formally recognized core labor standards, including workers' rights, in our statutes since 1984. Many of the core labor standards that we recognize are similar or identical to those of the International Labor Organization.  In addition, the United States has consistently been on the front lines in fighting for internationally recognized workers' rights. We have also fought the problem of child labor around the globe, and we have done it quite effectively over the years.  I have consistently supported and encouraged these efforts because although these efforts have not been on the front pages of the newspaper, they do have a track record. We know that these efforts work.  Most of what we as a country do internationally is part of what I call a positive agenda for workers' rights and for the elimination of child labor. It has little or nothing to do with trade. The United States is the single largest donor to the International Labor Organizations's premier program for addressing the child labor problem, known as the International Program for Eradication of Child Labor. This program does a lot of heavy lifting and gets things done.  For example, the Program for Eradication of Child Labor works effectively with local nongovernmental organizations. This Program for Eradication of Child Labor helps to ensure that when children are found working in conditions where they are being exploitedand are taken from work, they are put into schools. It helps provide funds to poor parents so that when their children are taken from work, the family does not starve.  We do many other things as part of this ``positive agenda.'' The United States helps fund School Lunch Programs worldwide. Something as simple as providing a school lunch to a poor child in a developing country is one of the most effective things we can do to combat child labor because it helps supplement a poor family's income.  The United States is also actively engaged in labor law enforcement around the world. We provide technical assistance to help countries change their laws so that they can be more effective in combating child labor. We help train the inspectors in foreign countries who go out and investigate these child labor violations.  In addition, the U.S. Government is a signatory to the International Labor Organization Convention 182 on the worst forms of child labor such as slavery, bondage, enforced labor, child prostitution, and working in dangerous conditions.  Clearly, then, trade and openness is not the problem for poor countries. Rather, it is as simple as too little trade and not enough openness, particularly openness of their economy.  The International Labor Organization Convention on the worst forms of child labor is extremely significant for other reasons. It admits that the overwhelming cause of child prostitution, child slavery, and forced labor is, in fact, poverty.  This is where trade and open economies can and do make a huge difference in the lives of people. Over the past 20 years, globalization has been a great force for good in reducing poverty. It has sparked a dramatic rise in living standards in many countries across the world. Millions of people have been lifted out of poverty. There is overwhelming evidence that trade boosts economic growth.  A famous Harvard University study by Professor Jeffrey Sachs and Andrew Warner found that developing countries with open economies grew 4.5 percent a year, while developing countries with closed borders grew a paltry seven-tenths of 1 percent. So it is 4.5-percent growth for countries with open economies to less than 1 percent--seven-tenths of 1 percent--a year for countries with closed economies. That is simple, common sense. Open the economies of poor countries and they will grow economically and they can lift themselves out of poverty.  At that rate, open economies double in size every 16 years, while closed ones can only reach that goal in 100 years. Again, 16 years doubling for an open economy, 100 years for doubling the economy of a closed economy.  The rapid growth of developing countries that embrace free trade always leads to a rapid decrease in child labor. A 1998 World Bank report shows that once per capita GDP hits $500 per year--just $500 per year--the incidence of child labor falls dramatically. Clearly, then, promoting trade, freedom, and openness is one of the single most important things we can do to end child labor around the world.  It is not the only solution, though, and I don't pretend that it is. But trade and open markets are a key part of any solution to ending poverty and eradicating child labor.  The only way we can promote and lead the effort to open world markets is if the President of the United States has the authority to negotiate credibly with other countries at the bargaining table. That is what trade promotion authority is all about.  History has shown time and again that if the United States does not lead in the effort to open markets and tear down job-killing trade barriers, the gains we made in the past can be lost.  Finally, I want to point out that the core labor standards dealing with the worst forms of child labor that we are addressing in this amendment by Senator Harkin are embedded in the same core labor standards that the United States has recognized and has promoted in our law since 1984.  So I commend my colleague from Iowa for making positive contributions to this debate. When it comes to child labor and workers' rights, this modified amendment and this total trade promotion authority bill does the right thing.  I strongly urge my colleagues to do the right thing again and pass it with the overwhelming bipartisan vote as we did coming out of the Finance Committee, 18 to 3.  I yield the floor.  