 President, I think sometime tomorrow we are going to have some cloture votes. Who knows what happens after you are involved with cloture votes? I suppose it depends on how the cloture vote turns out. But it also depends somewhat on what the majority leader decides to do. I did not hear him this morning or this afternoon. It was suggested that if we don't get cloture, then we may go on to other legislation.  I want to speak procedurally, not so much on the substance of the underlying bill as I have done a couple of times this afternoon but about where we are and some of the irony of our being here; particularly, some of the irony about how some things are said and other things are done by the leaders who decide the agenda for the Senate. I will take a few minutes to talk about where we are on the economic stimulus bill before tomorrow's cloture vote.  The good news is that there is bipartisan recognition of the need to help unemployed workers with an extension of unemployment compensation. There is bipartisan agreement that recognizes the need to provide taxpayers with a payroll tax rebate so we are able to help stimulate consumer spending and create jobs. There is bipartisan recognition of the need to provide bonus depreciation. I suppose there are some others as well.  Kind of summing up in regard to that, there is kind of bipartisan agreement on the part of the Republicans forwhat Democrats want in this area, but in areas where Republicans want to add some things there is not bipartisan agreement on the other side for those things.  That brings us to the bad news as a result of that situation. We are, in fact, stuck in a procedural quagmire. Yesterday the distinguished majority leader claimed that Republicans were slowing down the stimulus bill through filing of many amendments. I think it is a bit ironic today that we have amendments pending on which the majority leader seemingly does not want to vote. If he wanted to move this process to conclusion with a bill that the President has said he would sign, that could be done very easily. We could have a vote on that. There is bipartisan support for it. That bill would be down to the White House I believe faster than you could say Jack Robinson. Instead, the only votes that it seems we are going to be able to get are votes on dueling cloture motions. One vote will be on the majority leader's amendment. That vote is a take-it-or-leave-it vote, I believe.  I call upon all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to pay close attention. A vote for cloture tomorrow means all amendments offered or filed that have not received a vote will not get a vote. That is a very important point. A vote for cloture on the underlying amendment filed by the majority leader means all of the following amendments will not receive a vote. I will go through those.  Senator Bunning, a foster care amendment; Senator Baucus, emergency agriculture funding; a second-degree amendment to that amendment by Senator Kyl for permanent repeal of estate tax; Senator Hatch's amendment for a longer net operating loss carryback provision; Senator Reid's amendment on travel and tourism; a second-degree amendment to that by Senator Dorgan on travel industry stabilization; and Senator Domenici on a payroll tax holiday, which is probably the most stimulative idea that has been presented to the Senate. We will not have an opportunity to vote on that. Senator Durbin has an unemployment insurance amendment; Senator Allard, a research and development amendment, what we call permanent R Senator Lincoln, Medicaid Upper Payment Limit payments to hospitals; Senator Smith of New Hampshire, an active duty waiver of IRA withdrawal penalty; Senator Smith again, ban on interstate commuter taxes; Senator Smith again, income tax waiver on tip income; Senator Smith again, above-the-line deduction for real property taxes; Senator Sessions, tax incentives in regard to unemployment compensation; Senator McCain, sale of principal residence for uniformed services, something our military people would benefit from very much; Senator Kyl again, a repeat of his second-degree amendment which would be a permanent repeal of the estate tax; Senator Thomas, small issue bond provisions; and an amendment I have offered which will also have a cloture vote for the bipartisan White House-centrist package, the bill that I said has bipartisan support in the Senate. If we could get it up for a vote, we would have a bill down to the President and signed. It would be an enacted economic stimulus package faster than you can say Jack Robinson.  All of those amendments will not come to a vote if the cloture vote tomorrow on the Senate majority leader's motion carries.  We are in the mode of a lot of Senators trying to put together a bill that can get a majority vote in the Senate and go to conference. Some of these amendments have to be agreed to to get that kind of bipartisan support. If you do not get a chance to vote on them, how do you ever get to a bipartisan bill? It takes that sort of bipartisanship to get anything done in the Senate.  Let me make very clear that Members who vote for the cloture on that cloture motion, if they want to vote on these amendments, they will be foreclosed.  I said there is going to be another cloture vote tomorrow. It arose out of necessity--not a necessity that I like. But the majority leader forced a vote on the White House-centrist bipartisan amendment that I offered because of his own cloture motion.  The other cloture vote--in relation to the cloture motion I filed--will be on the White House-centrist agreement on stimulus. If cloture is invoked and that amendment passes, the President says that bill will be signed. The bill has already passed the House of Representatives.  That means, bottom line, the following things will happen when the President signs the bill--and there is little disagreement that these things ought to happen--workers will get unemployment checks. Low-income people, qualifying for rebates, will get rebates to spend money. Spending that money will create jobs. Middle-income taxpayers will get more income tax relief. Those who are unemployed for the first time will get help with their health care insurance. And business will get accelerated depreciation. By doing that--investing more, increasing productivity--it will increase the number of jobs.  That is what a stimulus package is all about--two things--one, responding to the needs and the anxiety of the unemployed workers through improved unemployment benefits and for the first time, health care benefits. Currently there are 800,000 of more workers who are unemployed because of September 11; and there is probably more unemployment to come. We are all encouraged that during January unemployment was flat, there was no an increase in the rate--and helping those dislocated workers with additional unemployment benefits and with health insurance is greatly needed. The second thing objective of the economic stimulus bill, in various ways, is to stimulate the economy to create jobs.  For those who say, ``Maybe the economy is turning around; we don't need it,'' we at least have an insurance policy against the usual downtick that comes after you have been a few quarters into a recovery.  But if we want a strong economy, and a certainty of that strong economy, we are going to have to get a stimulus bill passed. So I hope tomorrow we have an opportunity not to have cloture on the underlying Daschle amendment and that we are able to then move towards a vote on the White House-centrist bipartisan package that has passed the House, has bipartisan support in the Senate, and the President has said he will sign.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  