 President, I thank my distinguished colleague from Montana for offering this amendment. I think it helps improve what is already an excellent bill.  First, I want to make it clear that the bipartisan trade promotion authority bill currently pending in the Senate goes further than any prior bill to address concerns about potential abuse of the investor-State dispute process. At the same time, the bill recognizes that protecting U.S. investors abroad is also an extremely important objective. In short, the bill is balanced. Some people are attempting to undermine that balance. I think that is a mistake.  Foreign investment is closely interrelated to trade. Companies invest abroad to get closer to markets, acquire new technologies, form strategic alliances, and enhance competitiveness by integrating production and distribution. When they invest abroad, U.S. companies often become consumers of U.S. exports--either from affiliated entities or other U.S. companies.  The importance of international investment to the U.S. economy is large and growing. The United States receives more than 30 percent of worldwide investment. According to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, foreign investment in the United States grew sevenfold between 1994 and 2000, reaching almost $317 billion last year. As of 1998, foreign companies had invested over $3.5 trillion in the United States. They employed 5.6 million people and paid average annual salaries of over $46,000, well above the average salary for U.S. workers as a whole.  The ability of U.S. companies to invest abroad is also vital to U.S. economic growth and U.S. exports. Between 1994 and 2000, U.S. investment abroad doubled from $73 billion to $148 billion. U.S. investment abroad is critical to support a more dynamic and flexible U.S. economy, greater export flows and higher paying jobs for American workers.  For the last 25 years, each successive administration has recognized that it is critical to negotiate strong, objective and fair investment protections in our international agreements to continue to promote such investment. These traditional investment protections are largely based on U.S. law and policy and established international law rules of which the U.S. has been the chief architect and advocate.  The Senate Finance Committee gave very careful consideration to investment issues and some concerns expressed about NAFTA chapter 11 when we discussed H.R. 3005, the bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act.  Both Republican and Democratic members of the committee agreed to several improvements to the U.S. negotiating position on investment, which include: providing a mechanism for the early dismissal of frivolous claims, injecting greater transparency into arbitration proceedings, and establishing a review mechanism.  The bill and accompanying report also provide the committee's views on ensuring that U.S. investors abroad enjoy protections comparable to those available to foreign investors in the United States under existing U.S. law, while at the same time not making our own regulations unduly subject to treaty challenge on grounds that have no foundation in U.S. law and practice.  The degree of support for the final product is demonstrated by a strong bipartisan committee vote of 18 to 3 in favor of the bill.  These provisions represent a very careful balance between the political concerns raised by particular cases under the NAFTA chapter 11 process and the need to continue to provide U.S. citizens with strong investment protections overseas.  Yet, some Members still have concerns that foreign investors in the United States will receive greater rights under these provisions than U.S. investors in the United States receive. The amendment we are offering today makes it clear that this is not the case. It is a good improvement to an already excellent bill. I urge my colleagues to support it. 