 President, we have before us a bill that seeks to take unprecedented steps to improve the methods by which Americans vote for our elected officials. To a large extent, Congress is charting new territory in an area where States have traditionally been left to their own devices. Congress has in the past stepped in to guarantee the right to vote for American military personnel and U.S. citizens who live abroad as well as to protect the voting rights of Americans against discrimination. Most recently, Congress has involved itself in the area of voter registration with the National Voter Registration Act of 1993. However, the Federal Government to date has had little or no role with respect to the administration of elections, which is traditionally a State and local responsibility.  Since this is new territory for Congress, we must start by asking ourselves what we are trying to accomplish. The closeness of the 2000 presidential election highlighted some of the shortcomings in the voting systems and processes that are used throughout the country. Many suggestions have been tossed around for ways we can improve elections in the United States ranging from radical constitutional reforms to minor adjustments on the local level. It is clear to me that the most important role Congress can play is to provide the resources, both financial and technical, that are necessary for states and communities to administer fair and accurate elections.  The Dodd-McConnell compromise legislation being considered by the Senate takes steps to help State and local governments achieve high standards of fairness and accuracy in elections. Still, the bill is not perfect. Because of the nature of compromise legislation, every Senator can find things they like and things they do not.  Nevertheless, this bill does accomplish one of the key objectives of Federal election reform. Central to any attempt to help States and localities improve their election systems is providing funds to do so. It's usually not lack of will but lack of funds that hinders local reform efforts. I'm pleased that this bill provides a total of $3.5 billion to States and localities to help improve the administration of elections. Funds will become available through a newly created Election Administration Commission for items like upgrading or replacing voting machines, improving accessibility for disabled voters, and simplifying voting and voter registration procedures.  On the other hand, one problem with this bill is the degree of Federal control that will be exerted on elections. It's difficult to strike the right balance between helping States and localities improve the administration of elections while still allowing for local flexibility. This bill contains a number of well intentioned but specific mandates on States and localities along with potentially heavy handed enforcement procedures if they are deemed to be out of compliance with Federal mandates. Still, the bill does provide for 100 percent funding for all Federal mandates thus lessening the impact on the State and local governments that must implement these mandates.  Finally, I'm pleased that measures were included in this bill, largely through the work of Senator Bond, to combat the problem of voter fraud. The Dodd-McConnell compromise strengthens language in current law providing penalties for giving false information with respect to voting or voter registration, or for conspiring to do so. It also clarifies that these penalties apply for giving false information with respect to naturalization, citizenship, or alien registration.  The compromise also contains carefully balanced language designed to protect against the kinds of fraud that can occur with mail-in voter registration and mail-in voting. While efforts to strip out these anti-fraud protections threatened to unravel the compromise, I am pleased that this matter was resolved and a compromise was found that protects the ability to vote by mail without weakening the bill's anti-fraud protections.  In addition, other measures have been added to the bill through amendments on the Senate floor to give States more tools to ensure the integrity of their voter lists and prevent fraud, including my amendment to allow for coordination of statewide voter lists with social security records to check for deaths and individuals registered under false identities. Voter fraud is a direct threat to the electoral process and these measures represent progress toward eliminating that threat.  At the end of the day, we have a bipartisan bill that takes concrete steps to help state and local governments improve the administration of elections. While it isn't perfect, the Dodd-McConnell legislation represents a positive move that should give Americans greater confidence in their elections and our system of government.  