 President, I wish to speak about the underlying legislation.  When talking about trade promotion authority, opponents seem to love to use the term ``fast track'' because I think they believe that this sounds somewhat sneaky or somewhat uncontrollable. That is a shame. It is a shame because the term ``fast track'' does not really reflect what this legislation is all about and the procedures that are connected with giving the President the authority to negotiate trade agreements.  The term we use in this legislation, ``trade promotion authority,'' is more accurate. In reality, trade promotion authority is a contract. It is a contract between the President and the Congress. When the Congress extends trade promotion authority to the President, the Congress agrees to authorize the President to negotiate trade agreements and to do it on behalf of 280 million Americans.  Why do we have this contract with the President of the United States? We have it because there is only one person who can speak on behalf of 280 million people in international affairs, and that is our chief diplomat, the Chief Executive of our country, the President of the United States. It is that simple. We cannot have 535 people in Congress negotiating with other nations. It would not ever work.  If we are going to succeed at the negotiating table, our trading partners need to know that the person to whom they are speaking has authority to negotiate.  Trade promotion authority not only gives that authority to negotiate, but it gives a great deal of credibility to our President at these tables. That is what the trade promotion authority contract between the Congress and the President is all about.  Let me be clear. The President does not go into trade negotiations without guidance and without always being reminded that the constitutional power to regulate foreign and interstate commerce rests with the Congress of the United States. Through this trade promotion authority bill, the Congress gives very careful direction to the President, with detailed lists of instructions. The Congress tells the President--we do that through this legislation--if he follows these directions we give him, if he fulfills the details of consultation procedures laid out in this bill, we will do three things.  First, we will actually consider the agreement. We will not have these agreements sitting around collecting dust on Capitol Hill. The Congress will actually pick up this agreement and we will consider it. Now, that does not mean we will agree with the bill, it does not mean we would pass the bill, but we are committed to considering it.  Secondly, we will not change the agreement before we consider it. We authorize the President to negotiate. He follows our directions. He consults with the Members of Congress through the process. We know what is in the negotiated instrument. Now we will consider it without changing it.  Third, we will limit debate on the agreement. We will not tie it up in endless debate in the Congress. That is the contract we have with the President of the United States, an agreement between the President and the Congress that if he will do certain things for us, we will do certain things.  Why do we do it that way? We do it because it empowers us as a Congress, it empowers us as a nation. Without trade promotion authority, the President has no clear direction from Congress. He can basically negotiate anything he wants without consulting with Congress, but he will not do it in a credible way with the other nations that are with him because they are not apt to agree if they are not certain that a final agreement will be considered by Congress No. 1, and not changed by Congress No. 2, and actually voted upon.  Congress can selfishly observe its constitutional power because we keep a watchful eye on the President of the United States over many months, sometimes over many years, in the process of the negotiations to reach an agreement.  Trade promotion authority also empowers us as a nation of 280 million people. Our foreign trading partners know the President speaks for the Nation in international trade and that he has the backing of Congress. With this knowledge, they can be sure any agreement concluded with the President will be considered by Congress without being amended to death. That empowers our Nation to get the best bargain we can at the negotiating table.  What happens if the President does not fulfill his end of the bargain? What if he does not follow Congress's direction or fails to consult with the Congress as the law requires? Then he does not get the benefit of agreement. The trade promotion authority bill itself contains procedural enforcement mechanisms to ensure the President does not overstep his agreement with the Congress. Trade promotion authority procedures are very carefully balanced in a thoughtful way for the President and the Congress to work together to advance the economic interests of our Nation. It is a procedure that has worked well for over 50 years, and on the basis of this legislation, trade promotion authority has worked well for 25 years. It is also a procedure that since 1995 our Nation has gone too long without. One hundred thirty agreements around the world have been negotiated. Our President has not had the credibility to be at the table. He has not been at the table. We have been at the table of three bilateral agreements but otherwise not. So the interests of280 million Americans have never been represented, never been protected, and the rest of the world is going to move on.  Prior to 5 or 6 years ago, the rest of the world used to wait for the United States to take the first step. We have an opportunity now by passing this legislation to put our Nation once again in the lead. So that is why I urge my colleagues to work our way through the rest of these amendments and to work with Senator Baucus and me to pass this bill and help get our Nation's trade back on track.  How much time do I have remaining, Mr. President?  