 President, I think my colleague from South Dakota, the distinguished Democrat leader, has made it very clear where we are compared to where we were before Christmas. Let me repeat that we had been working on an economic stimulus package in various ways for several weeks, most of it not here on the floor of the Senate but in small groups, and different groups, and bipartisan groups, and partisan groups, to come together to see what we could get to get through the Senate--a stimulus package--and the need for it was directly related to the downturn in the economy that came mostly as a result of September 11 terrorist attacks. And then what finally happened was just before we adjourned. A White House-centrist package that was put together by mostly Republican and Democrat centrists, working with the White House, was a bill that passed the House of Representatives before the bill came here to the Senate. Then in the closing days of the Senate, prior to adjournment for the holidays, the bill did not come up on the floor of the Senate.  So we are back here now, afterwards, to a point where we are dealing with something that is still very important to help dislocated workers and to help bring the economy back from the recession caused by September 11, the war on terrorism, and the attacks against America.  I emphasize again that where we ended up before Christmas was the House of Representatives passing a bill that had been worked out by, I think for the most part--and I hope I am not unfair to the House of Representatives on this--by a group of centrists in the Senate, made up of both Republicans and Democrats, who came up with a plan that had White House support. The President said he would sign it. You never know for sure until you take a vote, but it looked as if this White House-centrist package would have had in the low fifties--but a majority of the Senate--to pass the Senate, if it had been able to be brought up.  We were not allowed to bring it up and discuss it. That is a decision, under our Constitution, that the majority leader can make. I may find fault with the decision; I do not find fault with his right to do that.  Now on the second day we are back in session in the new year, this bill has been brought up. The sad commentary is we are 1 more month into the recession, 1 more month of 800,000 people unemployed because of the September 11 terrorist attacks, and a lot of people who used to have health insurance do not have health insurance and dislocated workers are not being given the help the bipartisan White House-centrist stimulus plan would have given them. Also, we do not have those tax incentives that will stimulate the economy.  As the distinguished majority leader just said, there are certain tax rebate plans the CBO said would be of help in stimulating the economy. There are certain accelerated depreciations that were in the bipartisan package that would help the economy. So, effectively, we have lost 30 days, and people who needed help are not getting the help.  I am glad to be back here, though, and I am glad the majority leader has taken the initiative of bringing this issue up. Hopefully we can get an agreement to pass a bill and get it to the President.  I need to reiterate that we had a bill worked out by a group of Democrats and Republicans in the middle of the political spectrum in the Senate. That is why we call them centrists. They worked out a bill with the White House. The White House said the President would sign the bill. The bill received a favorable vote in the House of Representatives, and here we are.  I would like to get back to where we left off before the holidays, so I am going to spend my time this morning before other speakers come to the Chamber to speak on this very important issue of why the bipartisan White House-centrist stimulus package ought to still be the package before the Senate, even more so than the amendment about which the distinguished majority leader just spoke and why it should pass the Senate, although I sensed in the majority leader's statements that he is willing to look at things beyond his proposal--at least I hope I interpreted that right--so that we can get something to the President.  I hope somehow our debate can persuade him to come back to what we have: a bipartisan White House-centrist stimulus plan that was before the Senate because we know that it has passed the House, and all it has to do is pass the Senate and the President will sign it and these 800,000 unemployed workers who do not have health insurance, if they have exhausted their first 26 weeks of unemployment, will still have unemployment compensation.  I am going to start with some discussion of the tremendous commitment to displaced workers that the White House-centrist stimulus plan has in it. The plan's unemployment insurance proposal represents what I consider a very unprecedented commitment to dislocated American workers and, in the end, probably may be something, if one looks at long-term solutions to the problems of uninsured, to help uninsured people as well.  I start with the fact that it provides an additional 13 weeks of unemployment benefits to eligible workers. Remember that about 10 percent of the unemployed people use up to 26 weeks. Maybe that is even higher than 10 percent now because of the recession. There is always a need for some more unemployment compensation for some people. We do not always respond to that with an additional 13 weeks. We are doing it because there was a calamity on September 11 which has speeded up the unemployment index as a result by 800,000.  We have an estimated 3 million unemployed workers who would qualify for benefits averaging $230 a week. These benefits would be 100-percent federally funded.  The bipartisan White House-centrist plan would also transfer an additional $9 billion to State unemployment trust funds. This transfer would provide the States with the flexibility to pay administrative costs, provide additional benefits, and avoid raising unemployment taxes during the current recession.  Consider the bipartisan White House-centrist commitment to providinghealth care for dislocated workers. This commitment goes further and wider than any other proposal, and it gets more help to more people more quickly than any other proposal.  It commits over $19 billion, out of the total package of about $100 billion, to health insurance assistance. This is over six times as much money for temporary health insurance assistance as provided under the original stimulus proposals.  The bipartisan White House-centrist plan takes a three-pronged approach to get health insurance to people in need.  First, the plan provides a refundable, advanceable tax credit to all displaced workers eligible for unemployment insurance, not just those eligible for COBRA. The value of the credit is 60 percent of the premium. The credit has no cap and is available to individuals for a total of 12 months for the next 2 years, including 2001 to 2003.  The individuals can stay in their employer COBRA coverage, or they can choose policies in the individual market that may better fit their family's needs. This only makes sense because we should not lock people into one straitjacket of health insurance which under some proposals would be just the COBRA approach because sometimes these policies are too expensive for people to keep. I say that even with the 60-percent subsidy that we would provide.  The bipartisan White House-centrist proposal also includes a major new insurance reform to protect people who have had employer-sponsored coverage and go out into the private market for the first time after being laid off. The bipartisan White House-centrist proposal makes COBRA protection available to people who have only had 12 months of employer-sponsored coverage rather than 18 months under current law. By doing this, we greatly expand the group of displaced workers who cannot be turned down for coverage or excluded because of a preexisting condition.  The new 12-month standard is especially important to people with chronic conditions who have difficulty getting affordable insurance.  The second prong of the White House-centrist bipartisan proposal is $4 billion in enhanced national emergency grants for States which can be used to help all workers--not just those eligible for a tax credit--pay for health insurance because they have become unemployed.  The third prong of the proposal includes $4.3 billion for a one-time temporary State health care assistance payment to States to help bolster those States' Medicaid Programs. We are seeing almost all 50 States in trouble with their Medicaid Program because of the recession. As we know, the Medicaid Program is an important safety net program for low-income workers and families of disabled workers.  I yield the floor now to other colleagues, but I suggest that we have a lot in this bipartisan White House-centrist proposal that can immediately, when the President signs the bill, help the 800,000 workers who are unemployed because of the September 11 terrorist attacks on America.  We ought to get the show on the road. It should have been done before Christmas. It is not too late to do it right now. I hope people would study this proposal that has been developed by a group of people in the center of the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans, and move this bill along. We have 50 votes for it, and if people will study, I think we will even get a much higher percentage.  I yield the floor.  