 President, these draft reports produced by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Transportation Technologies will further expose inaccuracies of these contentions that renewable fuel standard will increase the cost of motor fuel.  As these reports conclude, the opposite is the truth. The first draft is entitled ``Oil Price Benefits of Increasing Replacement/Alternative Fuel Market Share.'' The second draft is entitled ``The Impacts of Alternative and Replacement Fuel Use on Oil Prices.'' Allow me to read excerpts for my colleagues.  The very first sentence of the first draft states:       Increasing the market share of alternative and replacement      transportation fuels would have significant energy security      and oil market benefits for the United States.  This Department of Energy analysis states further:       First, by reducing the quantity of petroleum consumed and      imported, they reduce the vulnerability of the economy to oil      price shocks.  The economic analysis continues with a second point. By increasing the price responsiveness of oil demand, they reduce the market power of the OPEC cartel, making it more difficult for OPEC to raise prices and to sustain these prices.  It is very obvious that should be our goal--that is our goal. Do we not want to reduce the market power of OPEC? Do we not want to make it more difficult for OPEC to raise prices? Is not the object of our energy legislation to reduce the quantity of petroleum consumed and imported and to reduce the vulnerability of the economy to oil price shocks, particularly those caused by OPEC withdrawal of oil from the market?  If the Senate approves these killer amendments that are offered by our New York and California colleagues, OPEC will win; America will lose.  When the Department of Energy did this analysis, the market share for alternative replacement fuels amounted to only 3.6 percent of our motor fuel supply. About 2.6 percent was MTBE, about .7 was ethanol, and the remaining .3 came from propane, compressed natural gas, electricity, and others. That mere 3.6 percent, according to the Department of Energy analysis, leveraged a reduction of the cost of oil by $1 per barrel.  The Department of Energy study concluded that by using a mere 3.6 percent, alternative fuels saved Americans $7 billion a year. The study also pointed out:       If the United States were to achieve the 10 percent      replacement fuel goal of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, oil      prices could be reduced by approximately $3 per barrel . . .      (with) savings of approximately $20 billion on an annual      basis.  The second draft offered more conservative estimates of consumer savings but nevertheless stated that current alternative motor fuel use reduced total U.S. petroleum costs by $1.3 billion per year, and if we increased usage to 10 percent by 2010, we would save $6 billion a year. Whether it is $20 billion a year or $6 billion a year, it is saving an awful lot of money for the consumers of America.  I appreciate the support of President Bush, as well as the Republican and Democrat leaderships in the Senate, in supporting and promoting renewable fuels. In addition to bipartisan unity, however, Congress needs to exhibit leadership that puts regional differences aside, for the sake of all Americans.  I will never understand why some people are more worried about the farmers and ethanol producers of the American Middle West than they are about oil and MTBE produced from the Middle East. I will never understand why people use MTBE-industry-generated misinformation about price spikes that, if taken to its logical conclusion, would argue that MTBE should not be banned, that drinking water contamination is no big deal in California or New York. It is very baffling to me.  I firmly believe the renewable fuel standard benefits all Americans, particularly including consumers in California. But even if California and New York do not get special treatment under this bill, would not my colleagues rather do something to benefit America's Midwest instead of doing things that continue to benefit the world's Middle East?  The opponents of ethanol suggest it costs too much or that it should be taxed at a higher level. That is their complaint. They think a gallon of gasohol should be taxed at around 18 cents a gallon instead of 13 cents a gallon. They want to raise taxes on the consumer who uses ethanol. For some reason, however, they choose to ignore the costs of the status quo: Our ever-increasing vulnerability on imported oil. They choose to ignore the real cost of imported oil.  Ten years ago, during debate on the Energy Policy Act of 1992, then-Energy Committee Chairman Senator Johnston of Louisiana reported that the United States was subsidizing imported oil to the tune of $200 per barrel.  Former Navy Secretary Lehman estimated the defense cost of protecting Middle East supply lines at around $40 billion a year, and we all know what the Persian Gulf war was about. It has been pointed out by numerous energy experts, including the ranking Republican of the Senate Energy Committee, that the Persian Gulf war was about oil.  So I hope my colleagues from California and New York will ponder onthis truth: Not one of our sons or daughters who have proudly donned the military uniforms of the United States has ever lost his or her life or limb. None of our children has ever shed their blood to protect ethanol supply lines and the production of ethanol.  What value might my colleagues place on that, that there has been no loss of life in this country and that there has been loss of life elsewhere protecting our oil lines? I will be in shock if we cannot all agree that reducing the risks to our sons and daughters, the risk of them losing life and limb trying to protect Middle East oil supply lines, is worth far more than the few cents a gallon that was mentioned, albeit incorrectly, as the increased cost of using renewable fuels.  My New York and California colleagues used the term ``mandate'' much during the debate. None of us likes mandates. I, for one, did not like mandating sending our sons and daughters to defend Middle East oil supply lines.  I heard one talk about market principles. What market principles are involved when supply must be protected by military escort to the tune of what Secretary Lehman said, $40 billion a year?  We also hear complaints about the highway trust fund, that it does not collect enough revenue because gasohol is not taxed highly enough. One has to wonder why my colleagues are not equally upset by the fact that billions of dollars from the highway trust fund are diverted away from highway construction and instead used for mass transit subsidies of California and New York. Before we increase taxes on motorists, I suggest it makes more sense to first put a stop to this transfer of wealth from highway users to subsidize cities' mass transit users. At the same time, I wonder if our colleagues have ever considered that mass transit subsidies are justified for the same reason as charging lower taxes on gasohol.  Are we not in both cases trying to reduce our dependence upon foreign oil imports? Why are subsidies to encourage mass transit ridership in New York and California OK, but subsidies to encourage all Americans to use gasohol somehow not okay?  Ten years have passed since we took up and enacted the Energy Policy Act of 1992. Given the fact that our dependence upon foreign imports has increased substantially, I think we can agree that the Energy Policy Act was a dismal failure. Part of the reason we failed was that we let regional bickering get in the way of pulling together a comprehensive energy plan that is good for every American.  We do not dare fail again, as we did in 1992, and that is why I urge my colleagues to defeat these anti-renewable-fuel-standard amendments that are before us.  