  First of all, if you read the history of the Packers and Stockyards Act passed roughly around 1920, I believe you will find a lot of the same arguments being used against the passage of the original act at that particular time as you are now finding used against our efforts to modify the act to a small extent.  We have had a good Packers and Stockyards Act for 80 years. We are trying to bring it up to date. It didn't anticipate the control that a few packers would have over the livestock industry. We are adjusting it to take into consideration new ways of marketing.  Also, I would ask just my Republican colleagues, not my Democrat colleagues--I am not sure exactly which ones I am talking about, but there was a group of us who met with the new Secretary of Agriculture about a year ago--there were probably 8 to 10 Republican Senators present--to give our views on certain issues for her, an incoming new Secretary of Agriculture. I don't take notes on these meetings, but I remember, to my astonishment, the number of my colleagues who told the Secretary of Agriculture as they reflected on the grassroots opinions which they received from their constituents that one of the greatest concerns was about concentration in agriculture. I will bet the distinguished Senator from Michigan, the Presiding Officer, hears that from family farmers in Michigan.  This was not in reference to what I am trying to do today. I don't imply that at all. My amendment is not a result of that meeting. But my amendment has something to do with the opinion that my Republican Senators expressed to the Secretary of Agriculture--that we have to do somethingto make sure we have more competition in agriculture because of this concern about less competition, and particularly because a few packers have the vast majority of the slaughter of livestock. That is one thing. But it is compounded by their ownership of livestock which they can dump on the market on a day they choose to dump it on the market. That depresses the market, and the marketplace just does not work.  I want my Republican colleagues--I do not know who they were, but they were from the Midwest and the West--to think of that meeting we had with Ann Veneman and the opinions they expressed. I hope they will find my amendment in tune with their points of view.  The other thing I want to make a comment on is the insinuation in the Midwest newspapers and by Smithfield's CEO that if this amendment went through, they were not going to build any new plants in certain States in the Midwest.  I had an opportunity to have a long conversation maybe about 18 months ago with Mr. Luter about competition in agriculture. I had never met him before. He is obviously a very good entrepreneur and has developed Smithfield Foods. Out of that meeting I remember two very distinct things he said. He said, first of all, he wanted me to know that his view was that family farmers for the most part are not good businesspeople and are not very sophisticated. Second, he told me something to the effect he--again, I didn't take notes at those meetings; this is a recollection. I hope I am not doing him an injustice. I am sure Mr. Luter would say that I am. But the second point he made was he thinks there should be a lot of pork producers across the United States. It is just that they should all work for him by feeding his pigs. He has such an arrangement with a lot of pork producers.  That is how he controls the market. He would argue that is how he controls the quality. That is how he satisfies the consumer. I am not insinuating bad motives that he has as a quality producer of pork. I am just saying his attitude is very different from that of the family farmer in the United States. Consequently, I hope that is why we can get this amendment adopted, because we want to help the family farmers.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Clinton). The Senator has used his time.  