 President, I am going to go along with the amendment as well, but I want to make very clear that it seems to me it emphasizes the negative impact of trade, and we have 70 years that prove the positive impact of international trade. We also had President Clinton saying that out of 22 million jobs, a third of those, 7 million jobs, were a result of trade. So there are positive aspects of trade.  Somewhere along the line in conference this has to be rewritten so it isbalanced between what is negative with trade, which I have to admit there are always adjustments in the economy. With or without trade, there are adjustments in the economy. There are winners and losers. But there are positive benefits of trade and the positive benefits outweigh the negatives many times. We have to emphasize that.  Also, before we leave this issue, there is an emphasis between the approach of the Senator from Minnesota, to what he calls a new international economy, and my approach to the new international economy. He says this is not a debate between protectionism and free trade. He puts it in terms of those who think you ought to manage the new international economy or let the marketplace have free flow.  When the Senator from Minnesota uses the word ``manage''--I do not know whether he used the word ``manage''--we have to be able to manage the new international economy. There is a difference in approach. If we are going to have management, it is going to be the government doing the managing, as opposed to the free marketplace.  Is there an unfettered use of the free marketplace? Absolutely not. There have always been rules. What is basic to this debate, center to this debate, is whether the United States is going to be at the table for the rulemaking of the international economy, and the rulemaking meaning we are not going to have an unfettered free market, but we are going to have a predictable free market. There are going to be certain rules that all competitors will follow in the international community.  Trade promotion authority is whether or not the Congress of the United States, through our contract with the President to represent the people of the United States, will be at the negotiating table when the rules are made. That is why it is so darn important that this legislation pass because, as the Senator from Minnesota says, we need to give some direction. That has been the history of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade process since 1947. That has been the basis of the World Trade Organization process since 1994: to have the rule of law apply to international trade.  Should the 270 million people of the United States be at the table to help write those rules? For that to happen, this bill must pass for the President to have the authority and the credibility to help write those rules that the Senator from Minnesota believes are so necessary. That is not managing the world economy; that is giving predictability to the players in the world economy, and rules of the game that must be followed and for a dispute settlement process when somebody is an outlaw in the international economy.  I hope we make clear this legislation is very important to accomplish what the Senator from Minnesota wants to accomplish at least in the way of not having an unfettered free market, although in his statements he tends more toward the government managing the world economy.  