 That request was not granted. So I rise to express my regret of that happening and to express my support for the fact that the Andean Trade Preferences Act legislation should be on the floor and should have been considered by now. I am concerned if the Senate doesn't act early on the Andean trade bill, that America's continued leadership in the international arena of trade will be severely impaired.  Specifically, I fear our failure to approve this legislation in a timely manner will undermine our ability to constructively engage with our Latin American neighbors at a time when many of them face enormous economic and political challenges.  Today, President Bush leaves on an important mission to Latin America. Just on Saturday, he will visit Peru, one of the Andean nations, where he will meet with four Andean leaders. President Bush's trip builds on a long tradition of promoting vigorous United States engagement with Latin America that started as far back as President Kennedy's Alliance for Progress in the 1960s.  As did President Kennedy, President Bush has a vision for Latin America. The President wants to tell our Andean neighbors--Peru, Colombia, Bolivia, and Ecuador--that the United States wants to be their hemispheric partner in peace. He wants to tell them that trade and prosperity go hand in hand.  President Bush wants to make the case that the benefits of trade are not just for rich countries like the United States; they are also for countries that aspire to become rich countries; for countries that want better, more secure lives for their citizens; for countries that want better health care, better education, and better futures for their children.  President Bush wants to encourage our Andean neighbors to use trade to promote economic development through a diversified export base as an alternative to the allure of the drug trade.  When President Kennedy unveiled his Alliance for Progress in 1961, he said if we were bold and determined enough, our efforts to reach out to Latin America could mark the beginning of a new era in the American experience. This is just as true today as it was way back in 1961.  Through the Andean pact, and complimentary trade initiatives such as the Free Trade Area of the Americas, we can achieve a new era of hemispheric economic cooperation that benefits everybody--not just these four countries, not just the United States, but it has a benefit way beyond that.  The Andean nations know trade, not aid, is the best way to overcome the fragmentation of Latin American economies, and to build the self-sustaining growth that nourishes democratic institutions.  But because the Andean trade bill still languishes in the Senate--along with another important bill, trade promotion authority, another vitally important trade bill as well--the President's trip will not be as effective as it could have been if the Senate had acted. Obviously, we should expect our President to be successful and want him to be successful.  For a long time, we had a tradition in this country that politics stops at the water's edge. Unfortunately, that is not as true now as it once was. A lot of trade and foreign policy issues get entangled with our domestic partisan politics. I very much regret this development because it is very harmful to the U.S. leadership in any subject but particularly in the area of trade. It is harmful to the enhanced prospects for prosperity and peace that we are trying to promote around the world, and commercialization is a very useful tool in promoting world trade.  Mr. President, the other day, the lead editorial of the Washington Post addressed the issue of the Senate majority leader's failure to bring up the Andean trade pact. I would like to read a portion of that editorial, which appeared March 19 in the Washington Post:  The Senate's failure to help the four Andean states--Colombia, Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia--is particularly egregious. A package of trade concessions has passed through committee and commands an overwhelming majority of the full chamber. . . . Only a handful of Senators opposes the package. But the Senate leadership has failed to bring it to the floor, making it likely that Mr. Bush will arrive in Peru empty-handed . . . at a time when American leadership in Latin America is being questioned, the least the Senate could do is to pass a trade measure that almost nobody opposes.  As is clear from my point of view, the time to act was months ago. But it is never too late to do the right thing. We had that opportunity today and it failed. So I urge my colleagues to, just as soon as we get back from the Easter recess, put not only the Andean pact but other trade issues very high on the agenda and get them passed and help us to help these Andean nations, whichare so poor and need our help. Trade is one way to get them the necessary help and develop a good economy.  