 President, this is a historic day. I am very proud of what we have accomplished. The Trade Act of 2002 will soon be sent to the President's desk for his signature, and America will once again take a leadership role in promoting international trade in the world economy.  Let me briefly highlight the important provisions in this bill. First and most momentous, we restored the President's ability to negotiate strong trade deals, and send them back to Congress for an up or down vote. This authority has been absent for far too long, and I see this as one of the greatest successes of this Congress.  Second, we renewed and expanded preferences for our important allies in the Andean region, which will help to eradicate the drug trade that threatens their stability, and our health and safety.  Next, we reauthorized both the Generalized System of Preferences, which expired last year, and the Customs Service. And last of all, we renewed and expanded the Trade Adjustment Assistance program for workers who become displaced by trade.  Thank you to my colleagues who helped make this happen. I would like to commend my colleague and friend, Senator Baucus for his leadership and keeping his word that we would get this done. Thank you also to Senator Hatch who has been an instrumental ally in the Conference Committee as well as on the Finance Committee, and thank you to Senator Hatch's staff members Bruce Artim and Chris Campbell for their hard work. Senator Phil Gramm was also a great help in getting us to this point, along with Amy Dunathan from his trade staff. They were key in helping to negotiate a deal when this legislation was first brought to the Senate floor.  Next, I would like to thank my staff, who have been dedicated and focused on passing TPA for the past couple of years. This is a great success, and I am happy to share it with them. I would like to thank the Staff Director of my Finance Committee staff, Kolan Davis, Chief Trade Counsel Everett Eissenstat, and Trade Counsel Richard Chriss. This would not have happened if it were not for their incredible work ethic and knowledge, along with the hard work and support of trade staff members Carrie Clark and Tiffany McCullen Atwell.  My Finance Committee health and pension staff also played an important role in this process. Thank you to Ted Totman, Colin Roskey and Diann Howland for helping us navigate through the complex health and pension issues in the Trade Adjustment Assistance section of the bill.  Senator Baucus had a good staff helping him as well. And I would like to thank them for their hard work and long nights that went into making this happen. Senator Baucus' staff was led by John Angell and Mike Evans, and his trade staff was led by Greg Mastel, along with Angela Marshall Hofmann, Tim Punke, Ted Posner, Shara Aranoff and Andy Harig.  A sincere thank you also must be given to Polly Craighill from the office of the Senate Legislative Counsel, for her patience and expertise in drafting this legislation.  We can all be proud of this accomplishment, and I look forward to the President signing it into law.  