Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, let us make it clear for the record: There is no National Governors' Association support for this legislation. There has not been, and there is none today.  I would like to go through what the gentleman has just stated. What is wrong with the amendment? In the amendment there is no reform to wetlands delineation criteria. That is a fact. There is no recognition of different wetland values in the processing of permits. That is a fact. There is no compensation of property owners for devaluation of the properties. I want to stress that again. The one thing that has driven this amendment process and the bill process has been this Government is under attack today imposing their thoughts and their wisdom upon the private property holders without compensation. That is not in the amendment. It, in fact, does not compensate the private property landholders at all.  It, in fact, does not reform the wetlands program at all. It adds to the existing programs that exist today which become so burdensome. It has serious implications regarding Federal land use and planning regarding nonpoint sources, which reminds me, I just received a letter from the American Farm Bureau Federation strongly opposing this amendment, in fact, all amendments to the bill that is truly a clean water bill; H.R. 961 creates true ecological clean water policy.  And I can also suggest that is not the only one, that says this amendment that is being offered today is totally wrong. We can go all the way through this list of about 16 other different groups that are not manufacturing groups that strongly oppose this, most of them agricultural groups.  The amendments were written by and for wetlands by regulatory bureaucrats. I want to stress that. This amendment was written by regulatory bureaucrats. It was not written by the gentleman from New York. It was written by this individual bureaucratic group that insists that their position is the right position. And, in fact, this amendment guts the reforms of H.R. 961 that we tried to achieve. Now, that is what is wrong with the amendment.  Now, I also, if I may say, Mr. Chairman, we were notified last Thursday that if anyone wishes to debate this issue should be on the floor tonight. We were also notified it followed that any votes would be taken upon suspension of the rules. There were no votes today, because no one asked for them. I want to clear that up for the record.  Let us go over that H.R. 961 really does in section 404. It represents a long overdue reform of the troubled wetlands regulatory section of the 404 program. The regulatory burdens are currently excessive, and costs in time and money too often do not result in significant environmental benefits.  Title VIII, modeled after the earlier version of H.R. 1330, and by the way, 6 sponsors of that bill are now Governors [[Page H4941]] of States, 6 sponsors of the original bill 2 years ago are now Governors of States, the major reforms made by H.R. 961 include wetlands must be clarified based on relative value and to be regulated accordingly. Wetlands must have a reasonable relationship to water. No longer any 10,000-foot mountains can be considered wetlands, nor that sloping hills around Juneau can no longer be considered wetlands, and we cannot build a school.  A property owner must be compensated for regulatory action that significantly devalues his property, and that is the Supreme Court decision and is what should be put into law. Property owners are allowed to appeal agency decisions. States are encouraged to share the responsibility in implementing the program. Permit requirements are routine; for routine and minor activities are eliminated.  Mr. Chairman, this, as it is written, is a good bill. Now, the gentleman from New York had an opportunity in the committee to offer his amendment to the committee and was defeated overwhelmingly by a bipartisan effort because I have heard that word used here today. In fact, 13 of the 26 Democrats voted against his amendment, plus I believe, of our side, only 4 were voted on his side of the amendment.  One of the weaknesses of this system is we have amendments after public hearing offered in the committee process, soundly defeated, and yet people are allowed to bring them to the floor, bring them to the floor and discuss them supposedly after they have been decided in the committee they do not have great worth or value. I am suggesting, very frankly, this is a mischievous amendment to destroy something that is very crucial to this bill.  And, last, it is hard for me to keep away from it, that the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York neglects to acknowledge the right of private property owners and the right of States that own land and the rights of the individual American native that acquired the lands from this Congress. He now tells those people that were given land by this body that their land is of no value, because they, the bureaucrats, have decided it is a wetland.  