Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, as we find ourselves in a world where there are more and more intelligence targets popping up every day, it is not a good idea to further reduce our intelligence budget. Now, I say further reduce because we have already reduced this budget by 16 percent since 1990. We have far less intelligence spending today than we did during Desert Storm. The intelligence community work force is going through a significant downsizing. In the next three fiscal years the work force will be 23 percent smaller than it was in 1990.  The Sanders amendment would affect the intelligence community's ability to support policymakers, military leaders at the national, theater, and tactical levels and law enforcement officials. It could impact critical support to deployed military commanders and tactical forces such as those in Bosnia; critical investments in satellite collection initiatives that are intended to aid our deployed military forces, counternarcotics, international crime and counterterrorism collection, and analytical capabilities would all be affected; as well as our ability to keep pace with the telecommunications developments which are growing dramatically. We cannot afford to do this.  Mr. Chairman, our intelligence budget is already, in my opinion, below the level where it should be. What are some of the targets? What are some of the areas where we have to have intelligence if we are going to protect the U.S. interests and U.S. personnel. Bosnia is the very obvious location. Iraq is very obvious. North Korea, has been in the media for months as well as Russia and the former Soviet states. Libya and Syria have terrorism groups who have threatened the United States interests. Those who would proliferate nuclear weapons, chemical and biological weapons, and we cannot deny the fact that these are all happening. We have to know where and how.  Drugs. Narcotics. The post-cold-war environment. When the Berlin Wall came down and the Iron Curtain melted, we all breathed a sigh of relief and thought, hey, the world will be a beautiful place, full of peace. But while we are still applauding ourselves, up out of the sands of the desert comes Saddam Hussein.  We have to have intelligence. The United States, being the Nation that we are, we have to have adequate intelligence. And I say again, in this bill, we have reduced the intelligence budget to a level actually below where I think it ought to be. A further 10 percent cut just is not acceptable.  Mr. Chairman, as much as I agreed with and supported the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Sanders] on his earlier amendment, I have to oppose this one with equal fervor because this would be extremely dangerous.  