Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 961. As chairman of the Committee on Resources, we had joint jurisdiction over this legislation. But also being ranking on the committee of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Shuster], the chairman of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, I watched the building of this bill and watched what he has been able to do, and our committee, full committee, with the exception of two people, fully agreed with what we are attempting to do here, and that is to have clean water.  We have to keep in mind what has been said prior to some of the other speakers about how bad this bill is. This bill achieves many things, but one of the main things that it achieves is clean water realistically. It requires clean water as it should be without the regulations, without the dominance of government interference. It is a needed bill. It has to occur.  One of the things I have heard from most of the Governors around the country is whatever happens, you must review and revamp the Clean Water Act so we can make it apply to our communities and stop making us waste money on testing that is unnecessary, meeting requirements that are unnecessary. And in Alaska alone, which I will have an amendment later on, the biggest city in Alaska had to add fish guts to make sure we met the standards for the particular amount in the water that comes out at the end of the effluent. We had pure water. I could drink it. To say we want to stay with the present bill, the regulations that should never have been applied, is absolutely ludicrous.  More than that, in this bill there is a provision which I hope everybody is listening. The one provision from this bill [[Page H4703]]  that should draw your attention because it affects every State in the Union is the wetlands provision.  You have seen what the wetlands have done to this country, how it has been implemented and enforced by a Federal Government without any jurisdiction of written law, other than a dredging law through regulatory law, where they can tell my State of Alaska that all of your land is wet. You have no longer a right to build or take and construct schools or do things good for your community because we have decided it is wet, without compensation. They have put inroads into our ability to take and produce.  Mr. Chairman, I suggest we also have to keep in mind this Congress in 1971 gave 44 million acres of land to the Alaskan natives, the American Eskimos in Alaska. We gave that land to them as a commitment to them for their economic and social well-being. And what do we do under the wetlands provision? We take it away, because we tell them under the Federal control it is 98 percent wetlands.  You call that justice? I am saying it is time we support this bill. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Shuster] and the committee have done an excellent job. When I hear members of the committee say this is a bad bill, I say shame on you. This is a good bill that should be passed.  