Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1022, the Risk Assessment and Cost-Benefit Act of 1995, is long overdue. I agree with the bill's authors that it is essential that a cost-benefit analysis be performed on the thousands of Federal regulations that are prepared each year. Without this measure, the Federal Government would simply continue to create, without any accountability, a growing mountain of new Federal requirements. In far too many cases, these regulations provide little, if any, benefit to our economy, our environment, or our Nation as a whole.  While H.R. 1022 is not a perfect product and it will be refined throughout the legislative process, there are several very sound provisions which I would like to highlight.  First, the term ``major rule'' has been defined to cover any regulation that is likely to result in an annual cost of $25 million or more. It is, therefore, highly unlikely that this bill would require a full blown cost-benefit analysis for annual and routine housekeeping regulations like those that simply open or close various fisheries or stipulate the dates, hunting times, and bag limits for migratory bird species. Concerns about the effects on these types of activities by the regulatory moratorium bill passed last week required us to exempt them from the moratorium. The concern is not present here.  Second, although this legislation does require cost-benefit analyses for major rules, it does not mandate an outcome nor does it prevent the implementation of any regulations once a department or agency has certified the impact of a proposed rule. The fundamental goal of this legislation is to allow the American people and their elected representatives to know the true cost of a proposed Federal regulatory action. With this information, which is often currently lacking, policymakers can make rational decisions that prioritize and balance the diverse needs of this Nation.  Finally, this legislation contains a phase-in provision before the requirement of a cost-benefit and risk-assessment analysis kicks in. By postponing the effective date, Federal agencies will have at least 18 months to gear up to perform these important analyses in a scientific and unbiased manner.  I compliment the sponsors of this measure for providing this transition period. I am confident that because of this language, there will not be any unnecessary or unanticipated burdens placed on the executive branch of our Government.  The requirement of cost-benefit and risk-assessment analyses is neither a new nor a radical idea. The Army Corps of Engineers has, for instance, been performing these studies for many years. I believe it is time for the rest of the Federal Government to get with the program.  