Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  In closing, Mr. Speaker, I suggest voting ``no'' on recommittal.  We talk about a level playing field. There is no level playing field as long as the Federal Government is involved in leasing those lands.  This is an attempt by this administration, this Congressman and the rest of this Congress to give us the opportunity to take and further develop those areas that cannot be developed under the present system.  I urge a ``no'' vote on the motion to recommit.  Mr. Speaker, on this historic day for which the citizens of our great State have for so long waited, I am proud to bring before the House the conference report on S. 395. With adoption of this vital legislation, my State at long last will be authorized to export its most important resource, and thereby promote our national security, spur energy production, and create jobs.  Because of the gracious offer of the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, who along with our State's senior Senator has done so much to make this dream come true, I bring this bill before you as chairman of the conference committee. In that capacity, I rise to put title II in historical context and to describe in greater detail the substantive provisions of the bill, a discussion circumscribed by the more limited space available in the joint explanatory statement of the managers.  The ANS export restrictions were first enacted shortly after commencement of the 1973 Arab-Israeli war and the first Arab oil boycott. Many believed enactment of these restrictions would enhance our energy security. Following the second major oil shock in 1979, Congress went further and effectively banned exports.  Much has changed since then. In part due to significant conservation efforts and shifts to other fuel sources, total U.S. petroleum demand in 1993 actually was lower than in 1978. Net imports also were lower. Yet, for the first time, imports last year met more than half of our domestic demand--not because consumption had risen, but rather because domestic production had declined so significantly.  Even though imports are even higher today, they come from far more secure sources than in the 1970's. Over half of our imports now come from the Western Hemisphere and Europe. Mexico and Canada are among our largest suppliers. We have stopped buying crude from Iran, Iraq, and Libya. In addition, international sharing agreements are in place and the United States has filled the Strategic Petroleum Reserve with approximately 600 million barrels of crude oil. In short, our Nation is no longer vulnerable to the supply threats that motivated Congress to act in the 1970's.  While we have taken the steps necessary to reduce our vulnerability to others, we have not done enough to encourage domestic energy production. In fact, production on the North Slope has now entered a period of sustained decline, while production is falling in the lower 48 as well. My committee heard compelling testimony, for example, about the problems faced by small businesses in California, which have felt first hand the effects of the current ban. Small independent producers have been forced to abandon wells or defer further investments. Faced with glut-induced prices for their own crude, they have laid off workers. By precluding the market from operating normally, the export ban has had the unintended effect of discouraging further energy production. Through adoption of the conference report, we will at long last change that situation.  In addition to receiving testimony from small businesses hurt directly, my committee got advice from the experts as well. The Department of Energy, for example, provided Congress with a comprehensive study. The Department concluded that ANS exports would boost production in Alaska and California by 100,000 to 110,000 barrels per day by the end of the century. The Department also concluded that ANS exports could create up to 25,000 jobs. With the evidence now in, we know that the sooner we change current law, the sooner we can spur additional energy production and create jobs in Alaska and in California.  To achieve this objective, I bring before the House the conference report authorizing ANS exports under terms substantially similar to the underlying Senate and House bills. The conference report authorizes ANS exports, making inapplicable the general and specific restrictions in section 7(d) of the Export Administration Act of 1979, section 28(u) of the Mineral Leasing Act of 1920, section 103 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, and the Department of Commerce's short supply regulations, unless the President determines that they would not be in the national interest. This provision negates, as well, any other existing law, regulation, or executive order that might otherwise be interpreted to restrict ANS exports.  Before making his national interest determination, the President must consider an appropriate environmental review. We have given the President discretion to have a working group conduct the type of environmental review that would be appropriate under the circumstances. Because appropriate environmental review is not defined in the conference report or the National Environmental Policy Act, I think it particularly important to explain our intent in developing this term.  In its report, the Department of Energy found ``no plausible evidence of any direct negative environmental impact from lifting the ANS crude export ban.'' In fact, the Department concluded that, ``[w]hen indirect effects are considered, it appears that the market response to removing the ANS export ban could result in a production and transportation structure that is preferable to the status quo in certain respects.'' The Department found, for example, that ``[l]ifting the export ban will reduce overall tanker movements in U.S. waters.'' The weight of the testimony taken before my committee and the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources was to the same effect.  Thus, the conference report directs, as the appropriate environmental review, an abbreviated 4-month study. The environmental review is intended to be thorough and comprehensive, but in light of the Department's findings and the compressed timeframe, neither a full environmental impact statement nor even a more limited environmental assessment is contemplated. If any potential adverse effects on the environment are found, the study is to recommend appropriate measures to mitigate or cure them. In fact, the procedure set forth in the conference report tracks the well-recognized procedure whereby an agency may forego a full EIS by taking appropriate steps to correct any problems found during an EA. Under current law, if an EA reveals some potentially adverse environmental effects, an agency may take mitigating measures that lessen or eliminate the environmental impact and, thereupon, make a finding of no significant impact and decline to prepare a formal EIS. Similarly, as long as potentially adverse impacts can be mitigated by conditions on exports included in the President's national interest determination, NEPA is satisfied.  In making his national interest determination, the President is authorized to impose appropriate terms and conditions, other than a volume limitation, on ANS exports. The conference report takes cognizance of the changed condition of national oil demand and available oil resources. The conference report is intended to permit ANS crude oil to compete with other crude oil in the world market under normal market conditions. To facilitate this competition and in recognition that the conference report precludes imposition of a volume limitation, the President should direct that exports proceed under a general license.  Although crude oil exports historically have been governed through the use of individual validated licenses, this type of licensing procedure would not be appropriate here. The more appropriate model is the rule governing exports of refined petroleum products, which are permitted under a general license. First, the conference report explicitly negates the short supply regulations and the statutory authority underlying them as they relate to ANS exports. Our intent was to clear away two decades of accumulated obstructions to ANS exports. Second, the conference report specifically precludes the President from imposing a volume limitation. In almost every instance today, individual validated licenses on crude exports are necessary because of the need to deal with volume limitations, such as those imposed on exports of California heavy crude oil or ANS crude to Canada. Finally, it is our intent that the market finally be given an opportunity to operate. We do not want unnecessary paperwork to impede proper functioning of the market.  The conferees recognize that some information is needed to monitor exports. Again, petroleum products provides the proper model. Shippers of petroleum products, like all exporters, submit export declarations at the time of export. This information is compiled into trade statistics by the Department of Commerce. Similarly, exporters of ANS crude under a general license would routinely file export declarations. These filings will provide any information needed for monitoring.  Given the anticipated substantial benefits to the Nation of ANS exports, the President should make his national interest determination as promptly as possible. Of course, if the President fails to make the required determination within 5 months, ANS oil exports are authorized without intervening action by the President or the Secretary of Commerce.  As many Members of this body know, there has long been concern in the domestic maritime community that lifting the ban would force the scrapping of the independent tanker fleet and would destroy employment opportunities for merchant mariners. There can be little doubt that Congress has a compelling interest in preserving a fleet essential to our Nation's military security, especially one vital to moving an important natural resource such as my State's oil. In recognition of this, the conference report requires that ANS exports be carried in U.S.-flag vessels. The only exceptions are exports to Israel under a bilateral treaty and to others under the international emergency oil sharing plan of the International Energy Agency.  The U.S. Trade Representative has assured Congress that this provision does not violate our GATT obligations. Based on the testimony presented to my committee and the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, I concur with the administration's view that this provision is fully consistent with our international obligations. Moreover, it is supported by ample precedent, including in particular a comparable provision in the United States-Canada free trade agreement, as implemented under United States law.  The conference report also directs the Secretary of Commerce to issue any rules necessary to govern ANS exports within 30 days of the President's national interest determination. In light of the clear benefits to the Nation of ANS exports, the Secretary should promulgate any rules necessary contemporaneously with the determination.  In closing, let me emphasize that the current ban no longer makes economic sense. For too long, it has hurt the citizens of Alaska, it has damaged the California oil industry, and it has precluded the market from functioning normally. If left in place any longer, it will further discourage energy production, it will destroy jobs in Alaska and California, and it will ultimately hurt our seafaring mariners, the independent tanker fleet, and the shipbuilding sector of our Nation.  As chairman of the conference committee, I thus urge my colleagues to support this historic legislation. Through swift enactment and implementation of this legislation, Congress and the administration can demonstrate their ability to work together to promote our national security, to spur energy production, to reduce our net dependence on imports, and, above all, to create jobs.  