Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Boehlert] mentions that he would have voted if it went through the due process. He did not vote for the Clean Water Act that passed out of our committee. That is a true process.  If my colleagues realize what is occurring here, if we accept this amendment today, any reform that we seek to have in the wetlands for this Nation will not occur. If we cut off the money, it will occur. It gives us the leverage that is necessary.  Why do I believe so strongly in wetlands reform? My State is about 90 percent wetlands, according to Bill Riley and George Bush; yes, another administration, and implemented by the EPA today, and their tactics and their regulations are destroying my State and the ability of my people to progress and be economically sound.  Two cases: Nome, AK, my daughter is in Alaska today, was built by mining. It is a mining community. It has always been. We have an Eskimo lady up there that the ground is seeping away underneath her house. Her house. An elderly lady that cannot fill the ground under her house because the EPA says it is wetlands. That is our Government in action.  It is the most illogical group of individuals I have ever seen. They have told me we cannot build a school on the side of a mountain for the children of Juneau, because it has been declared wetlands. This is pure nonsense.  Mr. Chairman, the Stokes-Boehlert amendment today would continue those programs, because they finance those programs. If you want true reform as we pass through this House, we should, in fact turn down this amendment overwhelmingly.  We have followed the process. We have done the process correctly for this House. We, in fact, are doing what is right for this House. We must not let another body stop the progress we have made. We must use this for leverage. We must say, There will be no longer unrealistic application of wetlands as seen through the eyes of the EPA.  A sound ``no'' vote is so important for this body today, I think, for very truly if we do not vote no, we have set back the intent of this House concerning the reform of wetlands.  Mr. Chairman, I urge a strong ``no'' vote on the Boehlert-Stokes amendment.  