Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 402. This bill is the result of a 2-year effort of the Alaska Federation of Natives, the State of Alaska, the administration, and my ranking minority member, the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller]. I thank them for their dedication and hard work.  The bill is noncontroversial. Most of the provisions have already passed the House in previous Congresses but were not acted on by the Senate. We hope that the new congressional leadership will improve the track record on this bill.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 402 makes several technical changes to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971 [ANCSA] and the Alaska National Interests Land Conservation Act to address some of the unresolved land issues which have arisen since the passage of these acts.  These include specific land conveyances to Native corporations, the clarification of mining authority and administration of mining claims on lands conveyed to Native corporations, a report on hazardous substances on lands conveyed to Native corporations, an authorization of technical assistance to Native villages to help with land reconveyances required under ANCSA, and a report on Vietnam-era veterans who were eligible but did not receive land under the Native Allotment Act of May 17, 1906.  Mr. Speaker, all these provisions are long awaited, but I feel very strongly about section 6 regarding unclaimed land allotments for Native Alaskans serving during the Vietnam war. [[Page H3098]] Many of these Natives were in service overseas and were unable to file for their allotments. I do not believe that they should be penalized for fulfilling their patriotic duty. I hope that with this report, Congress will be able to enact additional legislation on behalf of these Alaska Native veterans.  The version of the bill before the House has a minor change from the version reported from the Resources Committee on February 8. In section 5, we have restored the right of a Native corporation to concur in the selection of oil and gas rights allowed under the act. Our minority has agreed to this small improvement to the bill.  I also want to thank Chairman Kasich and his staff for their thorough review of this bill in a short period of time and their cooperation in scheduling all the bills on today's program.  I urge my colleagues to support this measure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  