Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I want to compliment the gentleman from Louisiana and the gentleman from Massachusetts and the other gentleman from Louisiana. This is an example of what should have been implemented in this Congress many, many years ago. We would not have the trade deficit we have today if we were to do so. But I will say, my favorite individual groups, interest groups, preservationists, and I could call them a whole lot of other things, somehow think that the so-called environmental movement only has to reside in the United States. We can clean all the air up; we can clean all the water up and save all the fish and all the furry animals and everything else. But we also buy from overseas.  I just mentioned the turtles in a previous statement. You could go right down, I think you can go right down now to Mexico and buy turtle soup, turtle oil, turtle leather, yet our shrimp fishermen are penalized.  I can go into the clothing industry and all the other industries, which most of my colleagues should be aware of that do not meet our standards but we buy it from abroad. We wonder why we have lost our jobs and why we have lost our other industries. We have lost 500,000 jobs in the oil industry overseas, supposedly to protect the environment of the United States. We lost our timber jobs to protect the spotted owl. Now we are buying timber from Canada, cutting the rain forests in South America. And we are continually not recognizing this environment is a one-world operation.  We cannot have it on one end and say we are going to be pure on this end and dip this hand into the mud. That is what we have been doing.  This amendment is an attempt to bring to light the unfairness of allowing and requiring our small, little tiny remaining industry in the fishing field to meet requirements supposedly for an interest group and not requiring them someplace else.  The gentleman from Louisiana has done an excellent job in presenting this amendment. The only thing I have any reservations about is, will the Secretary of Commerce enforce the law? I want to suggest to this body, I have watched now six administrations, four Republican, two Democrat, I have watched department heads, undersecretaries, and secretaries thumb their nose at the Congress.  I have said before, I will say it again, we ought to in fact cite them for contempt when they do not implement the law passed by this Congress. If we believe we are coequal branches of the government, when we make the laws, they are to implement them. And when they ignore us, they are wrong. That is why we do not have a great deal of faith in this government by the general public.  I am not going to always agree to what this Congress does. Many times my friend from Massachusetts will support something that is totally way out on the left side. I will support something way out on the right side, but that is the system. But when there is finally a law passed and the President signs it, then to have one of the agency heads say we are not going to do it because it might interfere or hurt someone's feeling overseas, that is wrong.  I think this body has a responsibility to cite those agencies and those people responsible for contempt when they do so.  