Mr. Chairman, my colleagues, I have heard this argument over and over again about what a great giveaway. This amendment, very frankly, would drive the mining industry, as I have said again and again, off our shores. We would stop what little industry we have left today.  The one bright spot in this industry is the gold mining. Across the United States it employs people, it makes new jobs. This money is not going anywhere. The Federal Government does not make any money, and to say this is a ripoff is the same old litany I have heard time and time again written by the Sierra Club, written by the environmental community, trying to drive our industry off our shores, and all the other countries of the world today, they are trying to get the mining industries to come in, and they are doing it because they delete royalties, they encourage by tax incentives, they give the land away free to get the jobs on their shores.  The 1872 mining law has worked, and I may suggest to the gentleman who just spoke previously he ought to know about the condos, because he has spent many a time in those places.  May I suggest respectfully, if I can, that this amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin and the gentleman from West Virginia was offered last year, was adopted by the majority of them on that side, opposed by our side, and to have our side offering this amendment is wrong. I say to my colleagues, If you want to keep our jobs on our shores, employing people not flipping hamburgers, but doing real jobs that develop a resource and resources on these lands, then you ought to take and turn down this amendment. It is a bad amendment on this legislation, but more than that it is, and sadly the Parliamentarian would not rule in my favor, it is legislation on an appropriation.  And now I remind my leadership we were not going to do that with our side. We are doing it by this amendment today. I do not agree with it. I think it is wrong, it is inappropriate. It is wrong for this Nation, it is wrong for this industry. We must continue to work for America.  