Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I reluctantly but strongly rise in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Frank]. No. 1, this is relatively a new amendment. We just received it today.  No. 2, the amendment would strike in this language the Secretary's ability to charge fees for the management and implementation and enforcement costs of the individual transferral quota system. And for those Members that might be watching this program in their offices, the IDQ's or IFQ's really are a license restriction, like a liquor license. Merchants cannot sell liquor within a certain area or in competition within another area. This gives an exclusive right of a public resource to a fisherman; a boat, a captain, or a fisherman.  All we are asking in this is a minimal fee to help pay the costs of applying this application of IFQ's and IDQ's to these individuals.  Now, as far as saying they are going to catch less, that is not necessarily true. In fact, the quota for the catch is now dispersed among those that got the IDQ's and not the overall general public. In fact, they will probably catch more fish instead of less fish.  But what we are saying is if this costs the Federal Government money to give exclusive rights to that public resource, then that person who receives those exclusive rights ought to be able to, and willing to. By the way, in the committee hearings, most, I would say 99 percent of those that are affected by the IDQ's, supported the concept of paying a minimal fee to implement the act. I want to stress that.  Mr. Chairman, this gives the chance for the Government to recover some of the costs of implementing the IDQ's and IFQ's. It also, in fact, is supported by those that get and have been issued these quotas.  May I say it is only for the quotas that have been issued today and not retroactive and not prospectively in the future. I am going to suggest that if we were to take this away, if my colleagues believe in a free lunch, then they would vote for this amendment. If they believe, as those people receiving the IFQ's and IDQ's, that they ought to participate in the program and pay for the cost, they will defeat the amendment.  