Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, we are short of time. We have many speakers who would like to speak. I will not read the statement I had made, but I am happy to bring the conference report on S. 395 to the floor today.  Mr. Speaker, it contains four provisions: Title I sells the Alaska Power Administration. Title II lifts the ban on the export of crude oil produced on Alaska's North Slope.  Title III provides incentives to producers operating in the deep waters of the central and western Gulf of Mexico. Title IV contains the provision dealing with emergency tug services in the mouth of Puget Sound, an authorization for a grant program for the Port of Seattle.  Mr. Speaker, the controversial part about this conference report is, in fact, the deep water drilling holiday. I will not address that issue to the extent I would like to at this time because there are many other speakers. I believe very frankly that this provision does and will create new jobs for America. It will produce oil for America and it is not corporate welfare.  I listened to the debate on the rule, and I heard many comments made on both sides about the CBO scoring. I am not going to question either one of these statements about what scores what. What I am going to ask the Members of this House to consider, those that are going to make the motion to recommit this conference report and why they are doing so and what it will possibly do to the industry that we are talking about today, we no longer have a domestic oil industry in the United States today. We are importing today over $1 billion a week into the United States of foreign-produced fossil fuels. We have heard many statements about this is not necessary. I can understand that statement but I cannot understand the rationale.  I am going to suggest if we want to try to reestablish some form of domestic production off our shores, an area that has been supported by the Clinton administration and many other departments within this administration, then we ought to take and vote against the motion to recommit.  On the part about exporting oil, we all know the jobs it will create, many jobs for America. It will create possibly 25,000 new jobs. I would like at this time to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Thomas] for his efforts in leading this bill over the years.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring before the House the conference report on S. 395. The Conference Committee worked very hard to ensure that all provisions were retained. What we have before us is a well-reasoned conference report which I hope will pass with broad bipartisan support.  I want to thank the gentleman from California [Mr. Thomas] for his hard work and dedication on this issue. He has been the prime sponsor in the House of legislation to lift the ban on the export of Alaska crude for many years. I know he is just as happy as I am to see a final product come to the floor today.  The conference report contains four titles: Title 1 sells the Alaska Power Administration; title 2 lifts the ban on the export of crude oil produced on Alaska's North Slope; title 3 provides incentives to producers operating in the deep waters of the central and western Gulf of Mexico; title 4 contains a provision dealing with emergency tug services in the mouth of Puget Sound and an authorization for a grant program for the Port of Portland.  Title 1 authorizes and directs the Secretary of Energy to sell the Alaska Power Administration to entities within the State of Alaska, according to purchase agreements with the Department of Energy. The sale has strong bipartisan support, including the administration. I am not aware of any opposition.  The Alaska Power Administration consists of two hydroelectric projects which were built to encourage economic development in Alaska. To date, these projects have served their intended purpose well. The State of Alaska and local electric utilities are set to manage the projects in a manner consistent with Alaska's future energy and development needs.  The sale will relieve the Federal Government of the responsibility of owning and operating the projects. Taxpayers' interests will be served by recovering nearly all of the original investment in the projects. The sale also addresses consumers' concerns that hydropower will continue to be provided without a significant increase in rates. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the sale of this power marketing administration is in no way intended to set a precedent for the sale of any others.  This provision has been considered by the House before and passed with broad bipartisan support.  Title 2 of the conference report lifts the ban on exports of Alaska North Slope crude and requires the use of U.S.-flag, U.S.-manned vessels to carry those exports. Alaska is the only State presently subject to such a ban on the export of its resources.  Present law requires that all oil transported through the Trans-Alaska pipeline be consumed in the lower 48 States. Alaska crude is forced into the west coast market, creating a glut and artificially low prices. This glut has allowed the west coast refiners to enjoy huge profits and purchase crude at a discount which they historically have not passed on to consumers.  Mr. Speaker, this ban no longer makes sense. Rather than decreasing our dependence on foreign oil, it has discouraged domestic production and made us more reliant on imported oil.  In June 1994, the Department of Energy issued a study which stated that lifting the ban would: create 25,000 jobs; preserve 3,300 maritime jobs; and increase U.S. oil production by as much as 110,000 barrels a day; all by the year 2000.  With the support of the administration, this provision passed the House with strong bipartisan support on July 24 by a vote of 324 to 77.  It is high time we lift the ban. Lifting the ban will create jobs, increase domestic production and investment.  Title 3 contains the deep-water provision. The conferees adopted an amended offered by Representative Fowler to clarify that this inventive would in no way impact the Florida coast. This too is good policy that will create jobs, encourage domestic investment, and increase domestic production.  I urge support for this conference report which is long overdue.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  