Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, this is a unique period of time that we are faced with during this session. We have a bill that has been heard by the committee and we have worked on this bill for approximately 3\1/2\ years now. It is H.R. 39, the Fisheries Conservation and Management Amendments of 1995, which I sponsored, along with my good friend, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Studds].  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H.R. 39, the Fishery Conservation and Management Amendments of 1995, which I sponsored.  Mr. Chairman, this legislation, as you will see, enjoys broad, bipartisan support from members of the Resources Committee and those members from coastal districts with fishing interests. For this bill to have come this far shows the bipartisan effort involved in the development of the bill. I want to thank Subcommittee Chairman Saxton, Gerry Studds, and George Miller for their leadership in addressing the difficult issues in this important legislation.  This reauthorization of the Magnuson Fishery Conservation and Management Act of 1976 is crucial to continuing the sound management of this Nation's fishery resources. If Members take nothing else away from this debate, remember, this legislation is supported by Members on both sides of the aisle, by the fishing industry, and by the environmental community.  This has been no small feat, and while some may not be entirely happy with the legislation, reauthorization of this act is very important to us all.  Mr. Chairman, during the 103d and 104th Congresses, 10 hearings on reauthorization issues were held. This legislation represents an attempt to address the concerns raised at these hearings. This legislation may not be perfect; however, fisheries management is a complicated balancing act. We have attempted to address the concerns raised by commercial fishermen, recreational and charter boat fishermen, environmental organizations, fishing communities, fish processors, and other interested groups.  The Magnuson Act was enacted in 1976 in direct response to the depletion of U.S. fishery resources by foreign vessels. The Magnuson Act expanded U.S. jurisdiction over fishery resources to 200 miles. The Act also included provisions intended to encourage the development of a domestic fishing industry.  The act created eight Regional Fishery Management Councils to manage the fishery resources within their geographic area. The Councils were charged with determining the appropriate level of harvest to maximize the benefit to the Nation while still protecting the long-term sustainability of the stocks.  This means the Councils must balance the often competing interests of commercial and recreational fishermen, and the often competing gear groups within the commercial industry.  It is important to note that the committee continues to strongly support the current Regional Fishery Management Councils system. This legislation includes some reforms of the Council process and requires new disclosure rules to deal with the perception of conflict of interest on the Councils.  While this legislation deals with the fishing industry, it is environment friendly. In fact, you have probably received or will receive letters of support from many of the national environmental groups. We think that we have crafted a bill which will allow fishermen to make a living from the sea while also making them better stewards of the resources they rely on for their livelihood.  Three major areas needed to be addressed in this reauthorization to maintain healthy fisheries and healthy fishing communities. For the domestic fishery resource to remain healthy, fishery managers must take steps to reduce bycatch and the mortality of discards in the fisheries, to prevent the overfishing of stocks and rebuild those stocks which are already overfished, and, finally, to protect habitat essential for the continued renewal of the fisheries.  The reduction of bycatch in our fisheries is one of the most crucial challenges facing fisheries managers today. In the North Pacific groundfish fishery alone, more than 740 million pounds of fish were discarded, in 1993. That represents 16 percent of the total catch of the fishery. Much of that discard is of prohibited species. It is clear that this is unacceptable. We hope that the requirements of this bill will help Councils address the problem of bycatch, and we hope that fishermen will respond with innovative methods of reducing bycatch.  In particular, this legislation requires the Regional Fishery Management Councils to amend all existing Fishery Management Plans to reduce bycatch to the maximum extent practicable. It also provides the Councils with the ability to offer incentives to fishermen to reduce their bycatch.  A second area of concern is the protection of essential habitat. This has been a tough issue to wrestle with. We do not want to over-regulate the fishing industry; however, the Councils and the National Marine Fisheries Service should include in their Fishery Management Plans a description of what habitat is essential for the continued health of the fishery.  The third area of change is to address the problem of those stocks which are already overfished or may be in danger of overfishing. This legislation requires the Secretary to report to Councils if any stock is approaching a condition of being overfished. This proactive identification of overexploited stocks will enable the Councils to take steps to keep the stocks from crashing. The bill also requires that Councils implement a rebuilding plan for any stock which is already overfished. If the Council is not able to implement a plan within one year, the Secretary is then required to implement a plan.  Mr. Chairman, one of the most contentious issues that we have worked on this year has been the use of a limited access management system known as Individual Transferable Quotas [ITQ's]. This type of management system allocates a percentage of the harvest to vessels based on past history in the fishery, current level of harvest, and several other criteria. Since 1990, three fisheries have already turned to ITQ's as the preferable management option, the latest being the halibut/sablefish plan in the North Pacific.  The use of ITQ's has been hotly debated at the Council level and now at the national level. I believe that there are many issues yet to be resolved on the use of ITQ's as a management tool.  There are those who argue that this bill kills any chance of ever enacting another Individual Transferable Quota [ITQ] plan. It does not. It puts the brakes on the headlong rush to enact ITQ plans for all fisheries without examining other limited access options. I have heard of movements to manage a number of fisheries under ITQ plans including: Pacific crab stocks, Bering Sea groundfish, New England lobster, Gulf of Mexico red snapper, Atlantic bluefin tuna, and swordfish. I believe that there are those at the National Marine Fisheries Service who have been advocating the use of ITQ's for all fisheries and I think this should stop.  This bill makes it clear that ITQ's are a tool that the Councils can use, but clarifies that the quota shares are not property rights and do not convey a permanent right to the resource.  Some ITQ proponents do not like the guidelines we have put in this legislation. This debate has been going on for more than 2 years and will probably continue after this bill is passed by the House and the debate turns to the Senate, which is currently working to move similar reauthorization legislation.  I think these guidelines bring some rationality to ITQ management systems.  Mr. Chairman, the problem of overcapitalization is another issue which has been debated by many of our Members for years. You will hear the phrase that ``there are too many boats chasing too few fish'' quite a bit today. It is especially true in some areas of the country like New England.  We have worked hard to create a vessel buy-out program which does not require huge expenditures of taxpayer money. This program is a delicate compromise that I want to thank Gerry Studds and his staff for working on so diligently. The program allows a buy-out fund to be initially capitalized from already appropriated Federal programs such as fisheries disaster programs. The fund will then be used to bring the size of fishing fleets to a rational number. Those vessels which remain in the fishery and benefit from the reduction in fishing effort will then repay the fund over a 15-year period. This is a compromise which works, and which will not bankrupt the Federal Government nor the fishing industry.  Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill, and one that has taken 3 years to develop. It is full of compromise, yet does not compromise on maintaining the health of the resource--which should be the goal of everyone here.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  