Mr. Chairman, on the first day of the session, I joined with the gentleman from California [Mr. Thomas] and a bipartisan group of Members in introducing H.R. 70.  Mr. Chairman, on May 9, the committee heard testimony from the administration, the State of Alaska, California independent oil producers, maritime labor, and other proponents of our proposed legislation. The administration testified in favor of the bill, but indicated that the bill should be amended, first, to provide for an appropriate environmental review, second, to allow the Secretary of Commerce to sanction anticompetitive behavior by exporters, and, third, to establish a licensing system. On May 17, the committee adopted a substitute amendment supported by the administration.  I am pleased to offer today a committee print that has the support of the administration.  The committee print would bring the bill in substantive conformity with title II of S. 395 and includes provisions requested by the administration. In a nutshell, the committee print provides for the following:  ANS oil exports--carried in U.S.-flag vessels--would be authorized, unless the President determined they were not in the national interest.  Before making his national interest determination, the President must consider an appropriate environmental review, as well as the effect of exports on jobs and consumers.  In making his national interest determination (within 5 months of enactment), the President could impose terms and conditions other than a volume limitation on exports.  The Secretary of Commerce then would be required to issue any rules necessary to implement the President's affirmative national interest determination within 30 days.  If the Secretary later found that sustained material oil shortages or sustained prices significantly above the world level had caused sustained material job losses, he could recommend appropriate action by the President against an exporter, including modification or revocation of the authority to export.  Administrative action under the bill would not be subject to traditional notice and comment rulemaking requirements.  As under S. 395, the President would retain his authority to later block exports in an emergency. In addition, Israel and other countries pursuant to the International Emergency Oil Sharing Plan would be exempted from the U.S.-flag requirement.  Finally, the committee print also would require the General Accounting Office to prepare a report assessing the impact of ANS exports on consumers, independent refiners, shipbuilders, and ship repair yards.  Enactment of this legislation would at long last allow exports of our State's North Slope crude oil when carried on U.S.-flag vessels. When enacted, this legislation will allow the State's most important and vital industry to finally sell its products in the global marketplace.  To put the proposed legislation in perspective, I think it would be helpful to explain the origins of current law. The export restrictions were first enacted shortly after the commencement of the 1973 Arab-Israeli War and the first Arab oil boycott. At that time, many people believed that enactment of the export restrictions would enhance our Nation's energy security. Indeed, following the second major oil shock in 1979, Congress effectively imposed a ban on exports. Much has changed since then.  In part due to significant conservation efforts and shifts to other fuel sources, total U.S. petroleum demand in 1993 actually was lower than in 1978. Net imports also were lower. Last year, for the first time, imports met more than half of our domestic demand--not because consumption has risen, but rather because domestic production has declined so enormously.  Even though imports are up, they come today from far more secure sources than in the 1970's, when energy security was of such a paramount concern. Today, over half of our imports come from the Western Hemisphere and Europe. Mexico and Canada are among our largest suppliers. We not only are less dependent on the Middle East and Africa, but we have stopped buying crude from Iran, Iraq, and Libya. In addition, international sharing agreements are in place and the United States has filled a Strategic Petroleum Reserve with 600 million barrels of crude oil. In short, our Nation is no longer vulnerable to the supply threats that motivated Congress to act in the 1970's.  While we have taken the steps necessary to reduce our vulnerability to others, we have not done enough to encourage domestic energy production. In fact, production on the North Slope has now entered a period of sustained decline.  If I may just digress from my written statement, Mr. Chairman, last month the highest part of our trade deficit, which was the highest we have had in 7 years, was the importation of fossil fuels. In fact, the production on the North Slope has now entered a period of sustained decline. In California, small independent producers have been forced to abandon wells and defer further investments. By precluding the market from operating normally, the export ban has discouraged production in the United States. This bill is intended to change that situation. H.R. 70 would require the use of U.S.-flagged--U.S. crewed vessels, not U.S. built.  May I compliment my good friend, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Traficant], for not offering that, because, very frankly, it would have caused us great concern within the shipbuilding industry and within the unions themselves.  Small independent producers have been forced to abandon wells or defer further investments. Faced with glut-induced prices for their own crude, these small businesses have laid off workers, further exacerbating market conditions caused by the long recession in California. By precluding the market from operating normally, the export ban has had the unintended effect of discouraging further energy production. We want to change that situation.  In an effort to quantify the likely production response and to evaluate benefits and costs of Alaskan oil exports, the Department of Energy conducted a comprehensive study last year. In its June 1994 report, the Department concluded Alaskan oil exports would boost production in Alaska and California by 100,000-110,000 barrels per day by the end of the century. The study also concluded that ANS exports could create up to 25,000 jobs as well. The sooner we change current law, the sooner we can spur additional energy production and create jobs in Alaska and in California.  As many Members of this body know, there has long been concern in the domestic maritime community that lifting the ban would force the scrapping of the independent tanker fleet and would destroy employment opportunities for merchant mariners who remain vital to our national security. In recognition of this concern, our proposed legislation would require the use of U.S.-flag vessels to carry exports. The U.S. Trade Representative has assured Congress that this provision does not violate our GATT obligations. Based on the testimony presented to the committee and our own assessment of the issue, we concur with the administration's view that this provision is fully consistent with all of our international obligations.  Our proposed legislation also ensures that an appropriate environmental review will be completed before the President makes his national interest determination. I think it is important to emphasize that in order to be in compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act, the environmental review required under the bill need not include a full-blown environmental impact statement, even if the review determines that some adverse environmental impacts may arise from exporting of ANS oil. As long as those impacts can be mitigated by conditions on exports included in the President's national interest determination, NEPA is satisfied.  We have given the President discretion to have the relevant agencies conduct the type of environmental review considered appropriate under the circumstances. In fact, the procedure set forth in the committee print for making the appropriate environmental review tracks the well-recognized procedure whereby an agency may forego a full environmental impact statement by taking appropriate steps to correct any problems found during an environmental assessment. If the EA does reveal some environmental effects, an agency may take mitigating measures that lessen or eliminate the environmental impact and, thereupon, make a finding of no significant impact and decline to prepare a formal EIS.  In its June 1994 Study, ``Exporting Alaskan North Slope Crude Oil,'' the Department of Energy ``found no plausible evidence of any direct negative environmental impacts from lifting the ANS export ban.'' Under the circumstances, we believe the review procedure established in the committee print--a 4-month study containing appropriate mitigating measures--properly balances the facts known to Congress and our policy objectives. Moreover, it fully complies with NEPA.  In closing, let me emphasize that this ban no longer makes economic sense. For too long, it has hurt the citizens of Alaska, it has severely damaged the California oil and gas industry, and it has precluded the market from functioning normally. If left in place any longer, it will further discourage energy production, it will destroy jobs in Alaska and California, and it will ultimately hurt our seafaring mariners, the independent tanker fleet, and the shipbuilding sector of our Nation. To reduce our net dependence on imports, we can take an important first step by enacting this proposed legislation.  The maritime industry and the oil industry have shown they can work together to promote the common good. We hope we can soon show that the administration and Congress can work together as well to promote our national security, spur energy production, reduce our net dependence on imports, and create jobs.  May I say in closing, Mr. Chairman, this is H.R. 70. They can insert everything after the enacting clause of the Senate bill as it passes the Senate. We will be discussing those things that will be argued today on the floor with the Senate in conference. Keep in mind we are working on a House bill that passed out of our committee pretty nearly unanimously by voice vote, and had strong bipartisan support.  Mr. Chairman, I urge the passage of this legislation and I reserve the balance of my time.  