Mr. Speaker, may I suggest, as the chairman of the authorizing committee, the Committee on Resources can agree with the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Taylor]. The man has done yeoman's work on this situation of salvageable timber.  One of the things that concerns me the most, Mr. Speaker: We worked long and hard to force and forge several modifications and address the concerns of the administration. We have worked with the administration. It is language that is coming from the administration and not legislative language in this bill. What we are trying to do, why anybody would oppose it, is salvage dead trees, not RARE II, 16 billion board feet of timber is rotting today, standing because it was burned last year. And yet I have people say, ``Oh, we can't harvest it because it might destroy the ecosystem.''  What we have destroyed are the jobs of the American people. The mills have been shut down, those that provide the paper for this gobbled gook that we work on here every night, for that which we use here ourselves personally, have been shut down, and the American people have been put out of work, and I have people on that side that say, ``We can't harvest a dead tree.''  We have negotiated long and hard with the chairman and the administration, trying to reach a solution by putting the people of America back to work, and we have done that, and we will continue to do it with this legislation. But beyond that is a matter of principle. Is, in fact, man part of this system?  This man is a forester and understands that the renewable growth of trees--trees are a renewable resource. And to have someone to say we cannot cut down 16 billion board feet of trees, which we have not asked to do so; we asked to cut down 3 billion board feet. That is all, and yet we are looked upon by the media and by those in this body, saying we must not harvest RARE II.  Nonsense. We are talking about a tree that has been burnt because the forests were not managed to begin with. We are talking about American lives and American working forests. It is time we got on. This is good legislation. I urge the passage of the legislation.  