Mr. Chairman, during the full committee markup of this bill, we added a provision which will allow the Councils to set aside a portion of the allowable biological catch to be used for research purposes. This is clearly a discretionary provision and not mandatory.  For the Pacific region, we have also allowed the Secretary to contract with private vessels to conduct research and stock assessment work using the portion of the harvest set aside for research purposes. The vessels would then be able to sell the catch to offset the cost of doing the research.   My amendment takes this one step further. It allows the Secretary to contract with private vessels to perform research functions, now carried out by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration [NOAA], in areas other than just the Pacific region.  It will provide more up-to-date research and stock assessment data by contracting vessels to do the work on a yearly basis. At this time, stock assessment work is done approximately every 3 years by NOAA research vessels.  Currently, the National Marine Fisheries Service uses this exact arrangement in the Gulf of Alaska. Survey work is presently being done for black cod stocks and the survey vessels lands their catch to offset the cost of doing the research. For some reason, the National Marine Fisheries Service feels that it does not have the authority to allow this type of arrangement to take place in other areas.  I believe this amendment will give us better stock assessment data, will provide fisheries managers with more up-to-date information, will allow private vessels to bid on doing the research work and will allow the catch to be landed to offset the cost of doing the research, thereby reducing the cost to the Federal Government of doing the research.  This language includes several suggestions made by National Marine Fisheries Service and is a discretionary provision. I think this is a good step in better fisheries management and urge my colleagues to support the amendment.  