Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, may I suggest respectfully the idea I heard the word ``gouge'' at the pump, that the oil companies are gouging people at the pump; if we do not accept the gentleman's motion to recommit, they will be further gouged. That is not true. You know that. If there is any gouging at the pump, it is by this Congress, by other government agencies taxing these people that are using that gas. That is the high price of gasoline at the pump.  Let us not kid ourselves. That is where the high price comes for every consumer. If you do not believe it, go down the list and see the amount of money you are paying for gasoline. Today it is probably less than 1951 for the gas itself. It is all the other money this Congress raises and every other government raises. That is what it is. Let us not use the term ``gouge,'' that this is going to happen.  Again, may I stress this is an action on behalf of the administration, your President, your Secretary of the Interior. It is rare that I embrace Secretary Babbitt; I mean that does not happen. In this case, Mr. Babbitt has asked for it. The President has asked for it. It is very similar to what we have done and other countries have done, Canada, Norway, Great Britain.  May I stress one of the things that bothers me the most, the people talking for this motion to recommit have never ever supported any type of domestic oil production of any type, and may I suggest respectfully we never have, I have never done this, I have been here 24 years, I have never seen anyone that has been speaking supporting domestic oil production.  We have lost 400,000 jobs or more in this field, and we have sent our technology over to China, we have sent it to Colombia, we have sent it to Venezuela, we have sent it to Russia. I would feel a lot better if I thought for a moment they were sincere in this idea the taxpayers are getting ripped off. The taxpayers are not getting ripped off.  The CBO report says specifically this is budget neutral. In fact, what we will do, we will be raising money for the taxpayer because there will be areas where we will be drilling.  I also heard it is already happening. If you read it very carefully, what we are suggesting here, the Secretary can grant the so-called holiday, I call it incentive, in areas that are not profitable or will not be open, that have already been leased, or those areas that would be very difficult to develop a further stage in deep water.  Those who may be listening on the TV station in their offices, let me suggest one thing: If you want drilling off the coast of California, if you want drilling off the coast of Florida and Oregon and Washington and Maine and Massachusetts, North Carolina, if you want drilling there, then you go for the gentleman's motion to instruct conferees, because that is what will happen.  This is an incentive to try to get our remaining oil, domestic industry, further off, further into the Gulf of Mexico, and if it is profitable, it gives us the oil we should have.  So I am going to suggest the motion to instruct, if you really want drilling off your shores, which I have heard that no one wants, then you vote for the gentleman's motion to instruct the conferees. If you want to give the incentives that the administration wants, the Secretary of the Interior wants, those people are the ones that suggested this, then I suggest that you vote against that motion and you vote with the committee and do not instruct.  