Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 402, as amended in the Senate. This bill is the result of a 2\1/2\-year effort of the Alaska Federation of Natives, the State of Alaska, the administration, and my ranking minority member, Mr. Miller, and I thank them for their dedication and hard work. Sections 101 and 107 of title I of this bill have already passed the House in previous Congresses but were not acted on by the Senate.  H.R. 402 makes several technical changes to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971 [ANCSA] and the Alaska National Interests Land Conservation Act to address some of the unresolved land issues which have arisen since the passage of these Acts. This bill also adds a new title to address the issue of Hawaiian Home Lands.  Title I includes specific land conveyances to Native corporations, the clarification of mining authority and administration of mining claims on lands conveyed to Native corporations, an authorization for technical assistance to Native villages to help with land reconveyances required under ANCSA, a report on Vietnam-era veterans who were eligible but did not receive land under the Native Allotment Act of May 17, 1906, the confirmation of Woody Island, AK, as an eligible Alaska Native village under ANCSA and further clarification regarding the application of section 7(i) of the ANCSA revenue sharing provision to Alaska Native Regional corporations.  Title II authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to begin the negotiation process for 1,400 acres of Federal lands to be conveyed to the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands in exchange for Hawaiian Home Lands retained by the Federal Government and for compensation for lost use of these lands. This is an authorization only to establish a process for the exchange of lands as authorized in the Hawaiian Home Lands Recovery Act.  Mr. Speaker, all these provisions are long awaited, by both my Alaska Native constituency and the Hawaiian Native constituency to resolve some of the land disputes in the respective Native homelands and States.  I want to thank Chairman Kasich and his staff for their thorough review of this bill in a short period of time and their cooperation in scheduling this bill on today's program.  Mr. Speaker, I would suggest respectfully that one of the most frustrating things I have in this profession of mine is when I have people come to me and suggest ``we should have been notified.'' This bill has been on the burner for a long, long time, and the Senate provision for the Hawaiian homelands has been passed by the Senate many, many months ago. Now people are raising some questions, I want to suggest redundantly. I think those questions are moot, and should not be answered at this time because they are not germane to the subject we are discussing today.  Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  (