Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word.   Mr. Chairman, after the great and kind compliments the gentleman from California has given to me, which are rare and far between on this floor of the House, it is unpleasant for me to rise in opposition to the amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I do understand the gentleman's concerns about protecting fishing habitat from the potential adverse impacts of fishing gear, but I am also concerned about the possible unintended results of the gentleman's amendment.  The Regional Fishery Management Councils, and by the way, none of them when we had our hearings, we had over 14 hearings in the last 4 years, none of them ever spoke in favor of this amendment. I want everybody to remember, the councils do not favor this amendment. Other interest groups may, but not the councils.  The Regional Fisheries Management Councils currently have the ability to reduce adverse impacts that fishing gear may have on fishery habitat. Some councils have already taken steps to reduce the effects on habitat by closing off breeding and nursery areas during certain times of the year.  While the language of H.R. 39 is discretionary, it sends a direct message to the councils that this is an important issue. It recommends that if steps have not already been taken to address this problem, the councils should take the necessary steps to correct any adverse effects that fishing may be having on essential fishery habitat under the council's jurisdiction.   Mr. Chairman, I am concerned that moving this language to the mandatory requirements section of the act will require councils to restrict certain types of gear. It could potentially heighten gear conflicts in fisheries where councils have already taken appropriate steps to minimize the impact on the habitat.  And for those who are not aware of the fishing industry, this is a very competitive industry. There is little what I call comradeship between a troller, a purse seiner, a gill netter, or a hand troller. All of them are seeking part of this. And when we put the council into a decisionmaking factor of choosing one gear over other gear, when it may not be appropriate. In fact the gentleman said there could be no lawsuits. There is a reality that one group could sue the Secretary of Commerce, not the council but the Secretary of Commerce saying that another type of gear could be adversely impacting the habitat, thus gaining a bigger share of the fish.  So I would suggest this just drives a bigger wedge between the gear groups and causes a tremendous problem with the council. The habitat is important and we have already suggested in the bill that they do take this and do promote habitat protection. But let us not make it mandatory, where there may be another way that they can protect the habitat and avoid the conflicts which would arise between the different gear groups and thus diluting the role of the council.   Mr. Chairman, I do stress this. Only through the councils can this Magnuson Act work. Only through the councils can we truly manage this system. There are those under this administration and the past administration, so it is not partisan, that want to centralize the control of all fisheries here in Washington, DC.  Think about that a moment. They want to bring it here, take it away from the councils, because they happen to think that they have more brains here in Washington, DC, than anybody else. We all know that is wrong. If my colleagues do not know it, I do not know where they have been.   Mr. Chairman, it was set at the 1976 level to make sure that the councils do their work. In some cases, the councils have not worked and we have addressed that issue in this bill and will continue to address it. But it is important that we allow the councils to make these decisions. It is necessary to make sure it is a working unit. When it is mandatory, we are taking away the council's opportunities to function.   Mr. Chairman, I do oppose the amendment.  