Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 421, a bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act [ANCSA]. I introduced this bill at the request of Cook Inlet Region, Inc. [CIRI] and have worked with the Alaska Federation of Natives, the State of Alaska, the Department of the Interior, and my ranking minority member, Mr. Miller, to reach a consensus.  Cook Inlet Region, Inc., is one of 13 regional corporations formed under ANCSA. CIRI has approximately 6,300 shareholders, who each own 100 shares of stock. ANCSA bans the public sale of any Native corporation stock until the majority of its shareholders vote to remove this restriction.  CIRI's shareholders would like to sell their stock. CIRI wishes to buy back stock from its shareholders and to cancel these shares, thus keeping the corporation in Native ownership. This bill is intended to give CIRI, and only CIRI, this authority.  The Committee on Resources favorably reported H.R. 421 on February 8 with an amendment offered by Mr. Miller. His amendment protects CIRI, its directors and officers from liability in connection with an offer to purchase stock if the offer was made in good faith, in reliance on a good faith opinion of a recognized firm of investment bankers or valuation experts, and if the offer was otherwise in accordance with section 7(h)(4) of ANCSA. This will provide reasonable protections for CIRI shareholders while protecting CIRI from repeated litigation when it has made a good faith offer to purchase stock that is based on an independent, professional evaluation.  I accepted Mr. Miller's amendment because it contained the protection needed by CIRI, and it is consistent with ANCSA, which encourages Alaska's Native people and their corporations to conduct their affairs in their own way and without litigation. The protections provided under H.R. 421 are limited to stock re-purchase offerings only, as long as they are made in accordance with ANCSA, and this provision does not apply to other types of corporate activities under State or Federal law.  Mr. Speaker, this bill passed the House last Congress, and I urge support again for this measure.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  