Mr. Speaker, I voted for the rule on H.R. 4, however, I am deeply disturbed and angered that the Rules Committee has chosen to ignore a major committee which has jurisdiction on issues which affect the daily lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives. Many of my colleagues in the Committee on Resources are very concerned that this body has chosen to overlook the concerns of American Indians and Alaska Natives in the welfare reform bill and how deeply this action will affect them. American Indians and Alaska Natives have contributed much to this great country of ours and yet, again have been placed at the bottom of the totem pole.  I offered a bi-partisan amendment to the Rules Committee, however, my amendment was not accepted. My proposed amendment would have set aside 3 percent of appropriations for block grants to Indian tribes. This would have allowed Indian tribes to operate their own block grant programs on the same basis as states. For those tribes who would have declined to assume this program funding, the funds would have reverted to the state. The State would then operate the program in the tribes service area according to their population. My amendment would have allowed American Indians and Alaska Natives to participate fully in the welfare reform process.  Mr. Speaker, there is an obligation here, a trust obligation of fair and honorable dealings with American Indians and Alaska Native tribes. Tribes have a government to government relationship with the Federal Government and a right to self-determination in the operation of programs intended to benefit Indians. Congress and Presidents Nixon to President Reagan have recognized the special government to government relationship. Yet, the Rules Committee has failed to recognize the long standing trust obligations that this body and the Federal Government have to tribes.  At current time, tribal programs suffer from two problems which handicap tribal social service programs. First, tribes generally can only contract for operation of secondary social service programs, since the Bureau of Indian Affairs programs are secondary and available only if an Indian is not eligible for other generally available programs (AFDC). Consequently, reform of the primary welfare system operating in tribal communities is beyond tribal control. Second, tribal social service programs, such as Indian Child Welfare Act, were funded on a competitive basis for 1 to 3-year terms. This disrupts tribal programs when funding interruptions occur. Despite the problems above, tribally run social service programs generally outperform state operated programs in tribal communities. [Indian Child Welfare: A Status Report (IHS/BIA 1988)].  Efforts by tribes to reform welfare programs have been opposed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs [BIA], which in fiscal year 1994 attempted to cut off funding for tribally initiated Tribal Work Experience Program [TWEP] in the Tanana Chiefs Conference and Tlingit and Haida Central Council regions in my state of Alaska. It is interesting to note for this member of Congress that the Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs took credit for the very TWEP program the Bureau tried to nullify. Within Indian country there is a consensus that welfare reform is needed and that tribes are best equipped to accomplish that task. By excluding tribes from reform of the primary welfare programs, this Congress has abandoned one segment of society truly in need and supportive of welfare reform.  Tribes have some of the highest levels of poverty in the country. At least 51 percent of all reservation Indian families are below the poverty line. While the merits of the current welfare system can be reasonably debated, there is little doubt that it is not working for Indian people. This bill as written, excludes tribes from the primary welfare program. While  [[Page H3698]] it provides a 3 percent set aside for one program only, the Child Care Block Grant program, the bill excludes funding for tribes in all of the other programs of the bill. Again, this body is not meeting the obligation of trust responsibility to American Indians and Alaska Natives and I must voice my grave concern with this inequity. Thank you for the opportunity to vote my objections in omitting American Indians and Alaska Natives in participating in the welfare reform bill currently being debated by this body.  