Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this is a collection of bills that passed the House and the Senate. I am the sponsor of one of the bills; the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts is another sponsor; the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Saxton] is a sponsor of another bill; I am the sponsor of another two bills; and Senator Stevens from Alaska is also a sponsor of the last remaining two bills.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring before the House H.R. 716, the Fishermen's Protective Act.  Mr. Speaker, during consideration of this legislation in the Senate, several other pending international fisheries bills were added to the original text of H.R. 716. This package of fisheries bills represents over 2 years of work on various bills dealing with the conservation and management of fisheries resources at the international level.  Included in this package are the Fishermen's Protective Act, which passed the House on April 3, 1995; the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act, which passed the House on March 28, 1995; the Sea of Okhotsk Fisheries Enforcement Act, passed by the House on March 14, 1995; the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act, which has been reported to the House and is awaiting floor action; and several other noncontroversial provisions dealing with the United States' obligation to the protection and conservation of fish species that are important to many nations, including the United States.  I will now briefly summarize the provisions of H.R. 716, now titled the Fisheries Act of 1995, as amended by the Senate:  Title I of the bill establishes permitting, reporting, and other regulations for U.S. vessels fishing on the high seas in accordance with the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization's Agreement To Promote Compliance with International Conservation and Management Measures by Fishing Vessels on the High Seas adopted in 1993.  Title II implements the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries. While the Senate ratified this convention in 1983, it has taken until now to enact the implementing language for the U.S. participation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization [NAFO]. This title allows the United States to participate in NAFO, an international organization which assesses and manages high seas fishery resources off the Atlantic coasts of Canada and New England, and provides the mechanisms for United States selection of commissioners and coordination with other domestic management provisions.  Title III reauthorizes the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act through fiscal year 1998. This act implements the International Convention on the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas [ICCAT], which is an international treaty signed by 22 countries for the conservation and management of highly migratory species such as bluefin tuna and swordfish. This title also establishes procedures for the U.S. Advisory Committee and takes important steps in urging international cooperation with the recommendations of ICCAT.  Title IV reauthorizes and amends the Fishermen's Protective Act of 1967 to protect U.S. fishermen whose vessels are seized by a foreign government under laws which are inconsistent with international law. This title also allows those United States fishermen who, last year, were forced to pay an illegal transit fee by the Canadian Government to recover those fees.  Title V prohibits United States fishermen from fishing in an international area known as the ``Peanut Hole'' in the Central Sea of Okhotsk unless the fishing operations are in accordance with fishery agreements signed by the United States and Russia. This measure protects the important fishery stocks which travel through the Peanut Hole and allows the United States to pursue agreements with other fishing nations whose vessels fish in this area.  Title VI prohibits the United States from entering into any international agreements which would be contrary to the United Nations global moratorium on large-scale driftnet fishing on the high seas.  Title VII implements the Yukon River Salmon Treaty between the United States and Canada to protect and manage Yukon river salmon stocks. This title establishes the mechanism for the United States to appoint representatives to the Yukon River Panel, establishes voting procedures for the U.S. representatives, and authorizes appropriations for the U.S. contributions required under the treaty.  Title VIII includes two miscellaneous provisions. The first corrects a problem encountered by U.S. vessels permitted under the South Pacific Tuna Treaty. The second establishes procedures under which the Secretary of Commerce may allow any foreign fishing for Atlantic herring and mackerel with the consent of the appropriate Fishery Management Council.  This package of fisheries bills represents a lot of bipartisan work by both the House and Senate to continue the leadership of the United States in rational management of the world's fishery resources. I urge this legislation to be forwarded to the President for his signature.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  