 Repetition has become sort of the cause celebre here in the House of Representatives. Last week, we totally repealed ObamaCare for the fourth time, and 33 other times we partially repealed it. Of course, none of those things have come true or have happened.  This will be the seventh attempt by the House of Representatives to expedite--in this case, they've gone one step further--or to mandate the building of the XL pipeline. That's right, mandate. We're going to deem that an Environmental Impact Statement done on a very different route is good for this pipeline. Now, if you follow that logic, we could just have one generic Environmental Impact Statement for any project anywhere in the United States of America, and Congress could just deem it to have met the law and the environmental requirements. That's incredible to go that much further in this political dealing here.  Now, what's going to happen?  The Canadians, sadly, apparently, are going to destroy their boreal forests, which are irreplaceable, to extract one of the dirtiest fossil fuels. They're then going to ship this tar sands oil through a pipeline crossing the United States of America, which, as the gentleman said, will be exempt from the excise tax that all other oil companies and pipeline companies pay--American companies and some foreign companies, but everybody else pays it. They will be exempt. They will not contribute to the oil spill liability trust fund. It's going to go to a refinery located in a foreign trade zone that is not paying export taxes, and that refinery is half owned by the Saudis.  And this is going to give us energy independence and lower prices. I mean, is it April Fool's Day? Really? Come on.  This is not going to give any American a single penny off per gallon at the pump. Right now, we are in the annual traditional Memorial Day price gouging by the oil industry. It just happens magically every May that they're up to do a little periodic maintenance or unexpected maintenance on their plants. Gasoline has gone up 50 cents a gallon on the west coast in the last 3 weeks. This is not a free market. It is a manipulated market. We pay the so-called ``world price.'' So even if this refinery does produce--and it will export--this product, it's not going to lower the world price because the Saudis over the last couple of years have tracked our increased oil production with decreases in their oil production to keep the prices high.  There are things we could do to bring real relief to American consumers--get the speculators out of the market and a number of other things--that would provide more immediate relief. This will not provide relief. It will not be a boost for our economy. Yes, there are temporary construction jobs, but guess what? We could create a heck of a lot more construction jobs in this country if we met our obligations to better fund the Surface Transportation Trust Fund and began to deal with the crumbling infrastructure in America. Those would be real jobs that would really benefit this country.  