I believe this is an improvement over the SHIELD Act, which Jason Chaffetz and I authored a couple of years ago.  Here is the thing: we have got a nationwide protection racket going on here. It is a little more sophisticated than the gang that says, Hey, we are going to smash the windows of your store unless you pay us 50 bucks a week.  What you have here are hugely sophisticated, well-funded patent assertion entities across America; and they did file 62 percent of the patent litigation, not 5 percent, as we heard earlier asserted by one of my colleagues. The payoff here is that if you pay us $50,000, we won't drag you through endless court proceedings that will cost you $1 million or more. All they have to do is assert something very vague, such as we own this patent and you are infringing on it. That is it. That is all they have to assert.  It is up to the small business to figure out what that infringement is, which means they have to hire attorneys, they have to go through discovery, which is an incredibly lengthy and expensive process. I found out about this in my district while visiting a small software firm with less than 100 people that was about to launch a new product, and the owner told me it is going to be delayed because I had to hire new employees to launch this product, but I have got a shadow over the business right now. I said, What is that? The owner said he had been sued over a patent troll. They are claiming that this very simple, common thing that is part of their software is their patent and they must pay them $200,000 to make them go away. He said, I can't do an expansion and $200,000.  His company can't be named because these patent trolls are so aggressive. When NPR ran a story about this--and one company was featured with an egregious story of one of these patent trolls, one of these blackmailers. They went public, and then they immediately got a pile of new assertions on them by patent trolls. The patent trolls have lots of attorneys, lots of money. It is a very lucrative extortion racket to go out and do this.  Some companies will fight. EMC out of Massachusetts fought. The claims were totally specious, but they fought. This is what it takes. They had to go to this one district in Texas where all these cases are heard. They had to go to one hotel and rent it for their team. The electricity wasn't adequate. They didn't have broadband. They had to install all that so they could be there and defend themselves because no one goes there to defend themselves against these patent trolls. It is too expensive. They just pay the bribes.  They went there, and it cost them over $2 million. The jury was out less than 10 minutes because it was a totally specious claim. Most things don't go that far because most people have to pay because they can't afford the disruption or the litigation; or other times after they are halfway through paying for the litigation, the patent assertion entities drop their false claims.  Some people are saying we are closing the courthouse door, we are barring litigation here. In fact, the standard is no reasonable basis in law and fact. Universities and innovators don't bring those kinds of suits. Patent trolls do.  Stop the patent trolls.  