 The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. It's been nearly a decade since, on a bipartisan basis, against bipartisan opposition, we fought and were successful in creating the Federal Flight Deck Officer program. Since that time, over hundreds of thousands of flights have been protected by armed pilots.  There was controversy at the beginning. Could we trust pilots with guns? Well, we trust them with our lives. We trust them with planes that were used as weapons of mass destruction by the terrorists in 2011. Of course, we can trust them with guns. But they need proper training because it's an unusual environment in which to possess and use a weapon--and use a weapon as the last line of defense--should a plane be taken over by terrorists.  We've done other things to provide security like Federal air marshals, armored flight decks. But still, we know that this program is essential, it's inexpensive, and it is something that pilots want to do. There were openings last year for a few additional training spots. Over a thousand people volunteered for those slots. Many, obviously, were not chosen.  If this program were eliminated, as was proposed in the President's budget, or even if it's cut in half--and I appreciate the fact that the committee has labored to find money to restore half the funding--many officers will not be recertified, new officers will not be allowed to join, and we will lose this last critical line of defense and one that is wonderfully random. A terrorist could never, ever know if the pilots on that plane were armed. It's pretty hard to spot the air marshals, but it's even impossible to know what the pilot has behind that locked flight deck door.  So we're recommending an amendment to our colleagues that would take money out of other parts of the bureaucracy of the TSA at no increase in debt or deficit and fully fund this program so that thousands of pilots can continue to participate meaningfully as the last line of defense against a future terrorist attack.  I think this amendment has tremendous common good sense about it. It's very cost effective. And I would hope that my colleagues will join us on a bipartisan basis in supporting it.  I yield back the balance of my time.  