 The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  There was no objection.  Mr. DeFAZIO. At the beginning of the consideration of this bill, I talked about how this was a little bit of ``Groundhog Day'' because all or parts of this bill passed in the last Congress five times. Now the gentleman is kind of disproving my theory because, well, I guess, at the very end of the movie, they broke out of the ``Groundhog Day'' cycle's being repetitive; but the gentleman is actually breaking us out of the cycle.  Actually, last year, the ranking member of the Rules Committee, the gentlelady from New York (Ms. Slaughter), a Democrat, offered this identical amendment for sanctions to one of the many offshore oil drilling bills passed by the Republicans in the last Congress. On that day, which was the 25th of July 2012--almost a year ago today--I would note, on an amendment that does exactly what this amendment does, which we think is extraordinarily meritorious, that every Republican voted no--N-O. That would, of course, include Mr. Lamborn and the esteemed chairman, Mr. Hastings.  So I'm not sure what has changed in the last year. Perhaps they just opposed it the last time because a Democrat was offering it and because the principle and the danger posed by businesses operating in these countries which are hostile to the United States of America wasn't worth dealing with when you could beat a Democratic amendment. I don't know. Maybe there has been a new realization on the other side of the aisle of the dangers of Iran and Syria since that time. Again, I don't know.  Not one Republican Member of the House voted in favor of this amendment 1 year ago despite the fact that the esteemed gentlelady from New York (Ms. Slaughter) offered it as a motion to recommit on a bill. It could be because Republicans lockstep oppose motions to recommit or Democratic amendments, even if they have merit, just to make some sort of a perverse point.  We support this amendment today, as Democrats did last year, and perhaps all of the Republicans will change their positions this year, and it will be a unanimous vote.  With that, I reserve the balance of my time.  