 Mr. Chairman, I was listening with interest to some of the statements made earlier in the debate about the administration deliberately restraining the oil and gas industry in this country. Actually, the facts belie those statements.  The Federal lands oil production is growing faster than that on private lands--plus 30, plus 35. Obviously, they start with a larger base, but still it is growing faster. So that hardly shows any deliberate attempts by the Obama administration to limit this production.  And, again, Republicans talk about that the President had not leased an adequate amount of land. But if you look, these little photos are of former President George Bush, and when the lines start to go up, these are from the current President, Barack Obama, and onshore oil production on Federal lands is up 35 percent.  So let's deal with what the real intent here is. The Obama administration has an all-of-the-above strategy. They are trying to produce these resources responsibly. The other side of the aisle would have us believe that environmental laws and other restrictions and an intentional campaign by the Obama administration are making us vulnerable to foreign influences. Actually, our imports were at the lowest level in recent history in the last year. We are producing more and more of our own oil and are headed toward self-sufficiency. But we also have to deal with climate change, and we also have to deal with prices to consumers.  Now, with this legislation, we are actually celebrating Thanksgiving a week early. I would call the bill a turkey. But it is not just a turkey; it is leftovers from Turkey Day, because we have actually passed this legislation previously, and it went nowhere previously, as will this legislation here today.  But they want to pretend that this will somehow benefit consumers and that somehow there is a campaign by the Obama administration to restrain the supply. Nothing could be further from the truth. I will have an amendment later.  If we want to drive down prices at the pump tomorrow by 70 cents, it is pretty simple: just stop the speculation on Wall Street. But I will talk about that more later.  There are a number of provisions in this bill that are egregious. I don't have time to go into all of them, but there are a few things. As I mentioned earlier, basically do away with environmental protections, muzzle the public's voice in terms of them appealing decisions by the distant Federal Government to develop in their backyard or next door, you know, to elevate oil and gas drilling to the predominant use on any Federal public lands--yes, predominant use over and above hunting, fishing, recreation. Anything else, oil and gas is predominant.  Now, the President also said, You know what? I think that we ought to go out and look at these parcels before we lease them. That is something they didn't do in the Bush era. We have 25-year-old land use plans at many of these agencies. They are understaffed. They are behind. They haven't revised their land use plans in a long time. A lot of things have happened in the last 25 years, and it might be that there is now a ski resort right next to an area that was previously available or was potentially available for oil and gas leasing.  The Obama administration said we ought to go out and look to see how it can impact other activities that have come to the floor in the last 25 years. They are being criticized for that. Now, that does take a little bit of time, but they are saying, hey, some States are allowing private lands to go forward in 10 days. These aren't private lands. These are the lands of the people of the United States of America. I think a little more due diligence is in order. We don't want to mimic a State that says, Oh, you want to drill there? Okay. Here you go. No one gets to say anything about it. It is your land. You go right ahead.  Then, this is amazing. This is kind of a fun math issue. They say that the industry can nominate land, which is the current law, but they are saying the government must lease 25 percent of whatever the industry chooses to nominate in a given year. So there are 130 million acres available for oil and gas leasing in the United States, predominantly in the West. So in the first year, the industry nominates 130 million acres. That means the Interior Department has to offer 32 million acres to lease. Now, next year, well, we have only got 100 million left, so they would get 25 percent of that. That is 25 million acres.  As you can figure it out, we are sort of infinitely headed toward zero here. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Holt) is a scientist. He can probably figure it out better. I don't know if we would ever get to zero. But it would be in ever and ever smaller increments that we were leasing here. And yet there are 25 million acres that the industry has under lease that they haven't yet developed, but they could get this astonishing increase.  The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.  