Rahall), the ranking member, and I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), the chairman, as well as the subcommittee chair and ranking member.  This is a recognition of the extraordinary importance of Federal investment in the infrastructure of the United States of America to engage in both domestic and international commerce. Sometimes that seems to be lacking around here. We seem to lump everything the Federal Government does into one big pot, and if you have got something you don't like, it kind of all gets associated together.  This is a program that will be paid for out of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. Yes, there is a trust fund--sort of, kind of. It has got $7 billion of theoretical balance in it. Unfortunately, our friends on the Appropriations Committee have seen fit to spend that $7 billion on other things because it is not a real trust fund.  This legislation will begin to move us back toward utilizing those dedicated tax dollars in a dedicated way to maintaining the port and maritime infrastructure of the United States of America. I mean, here we are today, the Corps of Engineers has stopped dredging all small ports. I will tell you what; that is kind of a disaster in my State, and it is a disaster all around the country.  I have one port where they have to take the boats out of the water onto a dock, and they are having trouble even now getting into that port at high tide to get the boats up onto the dock. I have other channel entrances that are shoaling and becoming dangerous. We are going to lose lives because the Corps doesn't have the money to do the work. We have jetties that are failing. If we fix them now, $10 million, $15 million; if they go totally a failure, $50 million. Now, what sense does that make? But we are the United States of America. We can't afford to do the $10 to $15 million now. We have dams and locks that are failing. Are we going to wait until they fail or are we going to do the repairs now?  This bill begins to move us in the direction of doing the repairs that are needed to better move commerce, people, and goods in this country. It is long, long overdue. And this bill has a 10 percent set-aside which will be dedicated to the small ports.  