Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.  The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Beginning on page 11, strike line 19 and all that follows      through page 12, line 3, and insert the following:       ``(b) Effective Date.--This section shall be effective on      the date on which the Secretary certifies to Congress that      the cost to construct all water resources development      projects that are authorized for construction by the Chief of      Engineers by any Act of Congress, but are not completed, is      less than $20,000,000,000 (adjusted for inflation as of the      date on which the certification is made).''.  The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 385, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would delay the environmental shortcuts in section 103 until the Secretary certifies that the Corps has significantly reduced the backlog of projects that have already been approved, using the current environmental review process--already been approved.  The reason we are doing this is to make the point that this shortcut process would undermine environmental protections and critical public participation under NEPA and other conservation laws. Combined with strict timelines and limited funding for feasibility studies, it guarantees the Corps will not have the information it needs to plan major projects with broad environmental impact.  There is no evidence that the public participation environmental review process has caused delay. In the hearings on H.R. 3080, no witness identified a single project where that had been the case. When asked directly about why Corps projects take years to implement, the common answer was: lack of available appropriations at critical times during project development and construction.  The problem is not NEPA. The problem is that this Congress has failed to appropriate enough money to keep up with the projects we authorized. WRDA 2007 authorized $23 billion in new projects. Few have even been started. The estimated cost of completion of Corps projects currently under construction is another $20 billion.  In stark contrast, the most recent appropriation of the Corps' construction budget was $12.2 billion. If the Ryan budget is adopted--well, it was adopted in the House, but not implemented--that number would be even lower, pathetically lower.  Clearly, complying with NEPA and other environmental and public participation requirements is not the reason we have a backlog of projects worth billions of dollars.  Congress should appropriate--and this bill is a start--the funding needed to allow these projects which have already been approved, using all existing environmental review requirements, to be completed before we implement any new shortcuts.  A more thoughtful approach, as we work through this backlog over the next 5, 6, 10, 15 years at the current rate of spending--or 25 or 50 years at Ryan spending--would be to bifurcate the process. If we identified that there was a delay, particularly for repair, rehabilitation, replacement, or minor projects, we could streamline those under the House or Senate provisions, but major projects should still go through a full review so that we don't end up later in endless litigation over those very same projects.  I reserve the balance of my time.  