With that, I would reclaim my time. I could ask to have the record read back, but I won't because it would delay things. But you said this is what Mexico wanted. You did say that just before as you spoke. Now you're saying that you believe that this is reflecting the spirit of the agreement. Now I will accept that. You believe that changing the agreement by waiving our financial services law is in the spirit of the agreement. I don't believe that. Maxine Waters, who serves on the Committee on Financial Services, doesn't agree with that. And, unfortunately, the President of the United States doesn't agree with that, so this bill is going nowhere. It's not going to get out of the Senate. They have a bipartisan bill over there that doesn't waive Dodd-Frank that they could pass by unanimous consent. We could be done with this. But no, we're not going to do that; we're going to play games.  So here's what the President said. He's got something to say about this in the end, he really does:       The administration cannot support H.R. 1613, as reported by      the House Committee on Natural Resources because of the      unnecessary, extraneous provisions that seriously detract      from the bill. Most significantly, the administration      strongly objects to exempting actions taken by public      companies in accordance with the transboundary hydrocarbon      agreements from requirements section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank      Act and the Securities and Exchange Commission's natural      resource extraction disclosure rule. As a practical matter,      this provision would waive the requirement for the disclosure      of any payments made by resource extraction companies to the      United States or foreign governments in accordance with a      transboundary hydrocarbon agreement. The provision directly      and negatively impacts U.S. efforts to increase transparency      and accountability, particularly in the oil, gas, and      minerals sectors.  So if we proceed with this bill in this form, the President will veto the bill, and we'll be back again. And how many months that'll take, I don't know. But to assert that somehow Mexico wanted this, or the administration wanted it, and they just kind of forgot to put it in the agreement, and now we're helping them out, even though the administration says they don't want it, and I don't know what the government of Mexico says--and then there was another issue raised about confidentiality provisions.  In fact, the SEC has more than adequate capabilities to do general exemptions in sections 12(h) and 36 of the Securities and Exchange Act. They could issue exemptions from this disclosure requirement under this authority, should it be warranted. In fact, the SEC today confirmed with us that there is nothing that would prevent the SEC from issuing exemptions should they be warranted. Now, the objection here is to waiving any and all future agreements from any public disclosure of payments to foreign governments. That's what you're doing here today. It's not about this one agreement or problems that might crop up with Mexico. That could be accommodated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. It's about doing away with a critical section of Dodd-Frank. And if you want to do that, why not bring it up in the Financial Services Committee, have a hearing, have a debate, send us a bill and repeal it. But don't try and do it in the dark of night in the hope that if you attach it to this agreement, which we all agree should be entered into, Mexico wants, U.S. wants, that you're doing anybody a favor.  With that, I reserve the balance of my time.  