Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I will have a lot to say about the deficiencies to these two bills over the next 2 days. But today the Republicans are purporting two things: lower gas prices and reduce the deficit. They would have us believe this bill would do that. They're saying high gas prices are due to the fact there's not enough offshore oil drilling.  Nothing could be further from the truth. There's actually a glut of oil in the Gulf region. It's all waiting in storage because, oh, the refineries are doing routine maintenance. Why are they doing that? Well, because it's the height of the driving season for the American people, therefore, they can gouge the consumers by pretending, oh, there's just no other time we could clean the refinery. It doesn't have anything to do with oil supplies. It has to do with a lack of refining capacity artificially manipulated and speculation on Wall Street.  Secondly, they say they're addressing the deficit, that this is going to provide additional revenues in the future. In fact, they are so concerned about the deficit they would not allow an amendment I attempted to offer, supported by a number of west coast Members--three Governors of the Western United States--that would have protected the west coast from the mandatory drilling in this bill. They said that might preclude future revenue from future leases that might be let by a future President, and they said we might not get $1 billion 30 years in the future because of your amendment.  However, there is an amendment by the gentleman from Louisiana, Representative Cassidy, who will mandate a diversion of $500 million a year of revenues flowing to the Treasury to the Gulf States for the next 30 years. Yes, we are going to forego or give up $15 billion of revenues to the Treasury, creating $15 billion more debt and deficit for the American people, but they waived the rules. That doesn't count.  This all kind of reminds me a little bit of George Orwell, the way the Republicans cynically manipulate the rules around here. As he said: ``All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.''  So Republican amendments that create debt and deficit are exempt from the rules, and Democratic amendments to protect the west coast, which does not want this mandatory oil drilling, because it might forego some potential possible future revenues, are not made in order. This is not for real. This is not an honest process.  