President, on another subject, even though I am very close to this subject in that I chaired the Armed Services Committee, and that is where all of this really began, I do want to mention one thing about what happened this morning. I think our leader over here, Mr. McConnell, did a superb job. He made it very clear on the impeachment that took place last night. It is something that has not happened before. It is the first time it has happened, in that there is no impeachable offense, and it is nonetheless, I think, all driven by hatred. When you stop to think, here it is right before Christmas, and the hatred that is driving that, it is wrong.  I want to mention something that is significant, that you haven't thought of, I say to the Presiding Officer. That is, this 153rd day of the year is very significant. That is December 19. People have not stopped to realize the significant things that have happened on December 19 throughout our history and the history of the world, going all the way back to December 19, at 11:54, Henry II became King of England. We haven't really thought about the fact what does that mean to us today, but we will before long.  In 1843, December 19, again, Charles Dickens wrote ``A Christmas Carol.'' It is the most watched, listened to, and sung event every Christmas.  In 1932, December 19, the British Broadcasting Corporation, the BBC, began transmitting overseas. That was the beginning of a whole new world of knowledge and understanding.  In 1950, December 19, NATO named General Dwight D. Eisenhower as supreme commander of the Western European defense forces.  Then in 1972, December 19, Apollo 17, the last of the Apollo moon landings returned to earth.  December 19 of 1984--I remember this well because I was in Hong Kong when this happened--that was when China signed an accord returning Hong Kong to the Chinese sovereignty. A lot of people thought it was good at the time to accept people from Hong Kong. I was there, and look what has happened now after all these years. I would have to say that hysteria has continued to this day.  Then, in 1998, December 19, the U.S President Bill Clinton was impeached. I was there at that one, too. We have something to compare it with now, but that was December 19, 1998.  The event that is more significant by a landslide is what happened on December 19, 1959. On December 19, 1959, my wife Kay and I got married. That makes this the 60th anniversary of our wedding. Just look at all the beauty that has followed us, 20 kids and grandkids. All of that in that 60-year period of time.  What I want to say is the beautiful life that we are still having together--and I would like to say at this point that Kay, after 60 years, is still loving, and I wish you a happy anniversary; and to everyone out there as you celebrate the birth of Jesus, Merry Christmas, and God bless you.  I yield the floor.  