President, as I have reminded you all many times, this is the 59th straight year we will be passing the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Bill. It has passed for all these years in a row because we all know just how important it is. It is the most important thing we do around here. We are building on nearly six decades of bipartisan support for our troops and national security.  This year, I am glad to say, it is no different. We all came together to produce a conference report that is good for all of America. The House passed it overwhelmingly; the Senate passed it overwhelmingly. We voted for it overwhelmingly yesterday. And the President says he will sign it immediately. I am grateful to the President for understanding the importance of this bill.  This bill means everything for our national security. Every American benefits from a strong national defense. Their lives, their livelihoods, their freedoms are all because we fight to protect them.  When I go around my State of Oklahoma, people think we have the best of everything militarily. We have the best people. We have the best soldiers, sailors, marines, and airmen. There is no doubt about it. But we can do better when it comes to giving them the best equipment and the best training. That is what this bill does. It does that. The backbone of a strong national defense is the force--the men and women who lay their lives on the line each and every day.  When I travel around, I like to take some time to meet with the enlisted guys in the mess halls. You can learn more from them than you can learn from some of the brass. They are the ones who really know what it is that we can do to effectively build a strong national defense. We get to hear what they are worried about. We get to hear how we can support them.  They need the training and equipment that makes them the most fearsome fighting force in the world. This bill does that. They need a safe roof over their heads and over the heads of their families, and this bill does that. They need to know that they have the full support of the U.S. Government throughout their service. This bill does that. At the end of the day, we have the best military in the world because of our people. We take care of them, and that is what this bill is all about.  We are here today because of the brave men and women who wear and have worn the uniform. We are safe and prosperous and free because of them. That is what this bill is all about.  The Senate just passed the Defense authorization bill for the 59th year in a row. There isn't much left around here that has that kind of longevity. It is a testament to the importance of the bill.  It is also a testament to the hard work of the staff. They worked tirelessly to bring this conference report to the floor. I want to take just a moment to recognize and thank everyone who made this bill possible, starting with the Armed Services Committee staff, especially the staff directors, John Bonsell for the majority and Liz King for the minority. They are the ones who provided the leadership behind the scenes. They did most of the work.  Then there is my partner, Senator Jack Reed. We are a real team. We know how to do things and have learned over the years how to do things right. I couldn't praise him more. In fact, we had a lot of obstacles this year that we didn't have before. If it hadn't been for Senator Reed and the staff working on it, we wouldn't have pulled this thing off.  A few minutes ago, Senator Reed read the names of all of the members of the Armed Services Committee. I want to go ahead and get those in my statement here also.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the names of the Armed Services Committee staff that were listed by Senator Reed be placed in the Record in my statement.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       My staff from the Senate Armed Services Committee:       John Wason, Tom Goffus, Stephanie Barna, Greg Lilly, Rick      Berger, Marta Hernandez, Jennie Wright, Adam Barker, Augusta      Binns-Berkey, Al Edwards, Jackie Kerber.       Sean O'Keefe, Tony Pankuch, Brad Patout, Jason Potter, J.R.      Riordan, Katie Sutton, Eric Trager, Dustin Walker, Otis      Winkler, Gwyneth Woolwine, Katie Magnus.       Arthur Tellis, Leah Brewer, Debbie Chiarello, Gary Howard,      Tyler Wilkinson, John Bryant, Patty-Jane Geller, Baher      Iskander, Keri-Lyn Michalke, Jackie Modesett, Soleil Sykes.       From the minority side:       Jody Bennett, Carolyn Chuhta, Jon Clark, Jonathan Epstein,      Jorie Feldman, Creighton Greene, Ozge Guzelsu, Gary Leeling,      Kirk McConnell, Maggie McNamara, Bill Monahan, Mike Noblet,      John Quirk, Arun Seraphin, Fiona Tomlin.  