President, in just a few minutes, the Senate will vote on the final passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2020.  Throughout the last week and a half, we have debated the legislation here on the Senate floor in a fair process. I thank my colleagues who have supported this bill and have helped to make a better bill through the amendment process. While I would have liked to have had more open amendments--and Senator Reed and I both wanted to have more amendments on the floor--we knew that there was a problem and that we could not do that.  We are pleased that we will at least be able to clear the 93 amendments that we added on yesterday as part of the bipartisan substitute amendment in the manager's package. These include the annual Intelligence Authorization Act, the Maritime Administration Authorization and Enhancement Act, and the Fentanyl Sanctions Act.  Ultimately, the job of the NDAA is to make tough choices about where we want to invest our resources. We put our resources where they matter--in taking care of our people, in implementing the national defense strategy, and in applying recommendations from the NDS Strategy Commission Report. This is something we have used as a blueprint, and it has been very successful in taking us through this process.  Everyone agrees there are things that are going to have to happen in order to rebuild our military. That is why our top line is $750 billion. Without that, we can't achieve the goals that we all know are necessary. It also must happen as soon as possible. We can't delay on this bill.  We still have more work to be done on the NDAA. We need to conference it. The Conference Committee can sometimes take a little bit of time. We know that is going to be done for us. We know that we want to get this thing done by our deadline, which would be October 1.  In the month of July, we have to do a lot of other things. We have to do annual appropriations bills. We have to do the budget deal. So these are some of our most important responsibilities. We have to get them done, and here is why: Things are happening right now.  Two days ago, MSG Michael B. Riley of Heilbronn, Germany, and SGT James G. Johnston of Trumansburg, NY, lost their lives in Afghanistan while engaged in combat operations. It was tragic.  Their service and sacrifice is a reminder of why this bill is so important. We have to make sure our troops have the very best of everything, and we are in the process of getting there with this bill.  Our prayers are with Master Sergeant Riley's and Sergeant Johnston's families and loved ones. We will never forget their service or their sacrifice that they made, reminding us that freedom is not free.  There is no doubt in my mind that the NDAA we are about to pass will give our troops what they need, make American families safer, and enable to us stand up for democratic values around the world.  Let me single out and thank publicly the next speaker, the ranking member, Senator Reed, for being a great partner in this. We stayed together on this. We had areas where we disagreed, but we got around those, we got things done, and the end result is a very good one.  I know Senator Reed is going to want to recognize, as I do, the significance of the staff we worked with and why that is so important. Of course, we want to make sure people know--you know, Senator Reed and I get a lot of credit for doing a lot of stuff that other people do. We truly appreciate these people.  Let me list some of them. First of all, John Bonsell and Liz King from my staff and from Senator Reed's staff. They are the ones who really got involved in this, and we feel, without them, it would have been almost impossible--along with other people.  We had John Wason, Tom Goffus, Stephanie Barna, Diem Salmon, Greg Lilly, Marta Hernandez, Jennie Wright, Adam Barker, Augusta Binns-Berkey, Al Edwards, Jackie Kerber, Sean O'Keefe, Tony Pankuch, Brad Patout, Jason Potter, J.R. Riordan, Katie Sutton, Eric Trager, Dustin Walker, Otis Winkler, Gwyneth Woolwine, Katie Magnus, Arthur Tellis, Leah Brewer, Debbie Chiarello, Gary Howard, Tyler Wilkinson, John Bryant, Patty-Jane Geller, Baher Iskander, Keri-Lyn Michalke, Jacqueline Modesett, and Soleil Sykes.  I have a few more so just relax for a minute.  I think the others are actually from the minority side, and I am sure Senator Reed is going to be recognizing them.  From my personal staff, Luke Holland, Andrew Forbes, Leacy Burke, Don Archer, Kyle Stewart, and Bryan Brody.  Lastly, from the floor staff, that is Laura Dove, Robert Duncan, Chris Tuck, Tony Hanagan, Katherine Kilroy, Brian Canfield, Abigail Baker, and Megan Mercer.  All these people worked hard. They are all a part of this team, and it certainly goes far beyond just Senator Reed and myself.  I yield the floor to Senator Reed.  