We are right now in consideration of the most significant bill of the year, the National Defense Authorization Act. It is not just the biggest bill but the most significant one, and we know it is going to pass. It has passed for 59 years in a row, so obviously it is going to pass. But the problem is that we have many amendments to be discussed because yesterday alone, we adopted 93 amendments, and they are equally divided between Democrats and Republicans.  I have invited and encouraged all the Members who have amendments that were on the list to come down to the floor and talk about their amendments. I have a list of those individuals who have requested to be here in conjunction with that, and they are not down here.  Let me just appeal to the Members--Democrats and Republicans alike--to come in and describe your amendments and talk about this because we are going to do everything we can to get this bill passed this week.  I have to say, there is an effort right now by the leader of the Democrats to try to put this off because they want to watch their friends run for President on TV on Wednesday night and Thursday night. To me, we have the most important bill of the entire year. This is something we have to pass because of all the problems that come up. We have housing, for example. The big problem with privatization of housing came up last February. All the solutions are in this bill. They are taken care of. Modernizing our nuclear modernization is in this bill. That is going to be done, but it can't be done until the bill is passed and signed by the President.  If we wait, as suggested, in order for them to watch their friends on TV, then this is going to put it off for a week, and that is certainly going to jeopardize the possibility of getting it passed. There isn't time.  If you look at the list of things which the leader of the Senate articulated just a short while ago, all these things have to be done before the end of the fiscal year. The end of the fiscal year is looming out there. We don't have that many legislative days.  We have to do a budget. All these things have to be done, so we cannot jeopardize all of that by postponing this for a week.  I encourage our Members to come down and be heard and describe their amendments.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  