Speaker, I rise today to discuss H. Res. 994, legislation commemorating the fifth anniversary of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks against our country.  I remember September 11, 2001, vividly. The weather in our nation's capital was warm and sunny. I was giving a speech on the House floor against privatizing Social Security. After I finished, the House clerk told me there had been a plane crash in New York. I asked what the weather was at the time of the crash. He said it was sunny and clear. I thought a crash in good weather was strange. I returned to the office in time to see the second plane hit the World Trade Center, and my office received a call from another congressional office saying there was smoke at the Pentagon. At that point, we knew our country was under attack. The Capitol Police then mandated the evacuation of the Capitol and all congressional office buildings.  I am profoundly grateful that the passengers aboard United Airlines Flight 93 bravely fought back, thinking of the safety of others, not of their own well-being. Their actions saved the lives of untold numbers of us who were in Washington, D.C. that day.  The resolution on the floor today appropriately honors those who lost their lives due to these heinous attacks. Thousands of husbands, fathers, mothers, wives, daughters, sisters, brothers, children, grandparents and others were lost on that day. We must never forget those individuals and their families.  The resolution before us today also appropriately honors the heroic actions and sacrifices of our men and women in the U.S. military and their families. I have had the privilege of visiting with our men and women in uniform, both here at home and in a war zone. I am continually awed by the professionalism, determination, and commitment of our troops.  I am also pleased that H. Res. 994 acknowledges the service and sacrifice of the first responders--emergency personnel, fire fighters, police officers, and others--who aided the innocent victims of the terrorist attacks. While these individuals humbly say they were merely doing their jobs that day, their selfless actions embody some of the best qualities of the American people.  The resolution congratulates the Congress and the President for various steps taken to improve the security of the American people in the wake of September 11th. Personally, I don't believe the self-congratulation is justified. While Congress has adopted some piecemeal improvements on the security front, al-Qaeda will not wait for us to make gradual improvements. Security must be improved today, not after the next attack  Aviation security is not what it should be. Security screeners need upgraded equipment. We need to deploy technology to detect plastic, liquid and gel-like explosives carried onboard planes. All cargo baggage carried on passenger planes must be thoroughly screened for explosives. We need effective countermeasures and international agreements to reduce the threat of shoulder-fired missiles. The arbitrary cap on the number of security screeners should be lifted.  A fully unified terrorist watch list that is electronically accessible to necessary federal and state officials for real-time searches must be put in place now.  Border security is still notably lacking, five years after 9/11. I voted in favor of the immigration reform legislation in the House that included a number of provisions to improve border security. I have also voted for a number of efforts to increase funding for the border patrol, technology to improve border security, and other immigration enforcement measures. Regrettably, too often, this Congress has prioritized tax cuts for millionaires over adequately funding border security.  Astonishingly, on the fifth anniversary of the attacks, America's police, firefighters, and emergency response personnel still lack the fundamental ability to communicate with each other by radio. Congress must increase funding to help states and local governments purchase essential equipment.  Our nation has 95,000 miles of coastline and 361 ports. Yet, the federal government will spend only $168 million on port security grants this year while spending $10 billion to develop a missile defense system that doesn't work and is irrelevant to the threat posed by al-Qaeda. Congress should increase funding for radiation detection equipment to screen every cargo container, beef up the presence of U.S. inspectors at foreign ports to inspect cargo destined for the U.S., and enhance the Coast Guard fleet.  Five times as many Americans travel on trains and transit each day as on planes, but less than one percent of the transportation security budget goes to non-aviation programs. Congress and the Administration should increase funding for passenger rail and transit security. A baseline level of security for the transit systems in the 50 largest metropolitan areas would cost $2 billion.  Most of the 20 tons of nuclear material at 130 facilities in 40 countries has no more security than a night watchman and a chain link fence. In 2001, a bipartisan commission recommended tripling funding to $3 million a year for programs to help secure nuclear materials around the world from terrorists.  Finally, I want to say that I am disappointed that H. Res. 994 contains a handful of whereas clauses of dubious accuracy.  For example, one clause implies a link between al-Qaeda and Iraq, and Iraq and the September 11th attacks. A variety of experts, including the 9/11 Commission, the CIA, the Senate Intelligence Committee, and others, most recently the President, have concluded there was no cooperation between Iraq and al-Qaeda on the September 11, 2001, attacks or anything else. It is also inappropriate to link Iraq to the global war against al-Qaeda. Iraq did not pose an urgent threat to our national security. Iraq did not have ties to al-Qaeda. Iraq had not attacked the United States, nor is there any evidence Iraq planned to attack us. Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction, nor any delivery system capable of attacking us.  I supported the war against the Taliban and al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, and I continue to support military action against al-Qaeda. But, to use a resolution commemorating the anniversary of 9/11 to peddle discredited theories about Iraq in order to cover for the failures of the Bush administration in Iraq and justify the diversion of resources from the war against our real national security threat--al-Qaeda--does a disservice to the American people.  And, I think the inclusion of the PATRIOT Act in the list of legislation that has helped in the war on terror is questionable to say the least. The PATRIOT Act did make a few reasonable improvements in our ability to go after terrorists using new technologies. But it also contained provisions that do nothing to enhance our security while posing a significant risk to the freedoms and liberties of law-abiding Americans. It is for the latter reason that I opposed the bill.  A lot has been made of the PATRIOT Act supposedly knocking down a wall that prohibited cooperation between the FBI and the CIA. In reality, the so-called wall was not really a wall at all. It was not a legal barrier, it was a cultural one. The PATRIOT Act was not necessary to get the FBI and CIA to cooperate. A change in culture was. Even today, cooperation among intelligence agencies and law enforcement is not what it should be.  I will vote in favor of H. Res. 994 because I want to honor those I mentioned at the outset of my statement--those who lost their lives in the attacks, those who tried valiantly to save lives on that day, and our men and women in uniform. But, I want to state for the record that I disagree with some of the rhetoric in the resolution.  