Chairman, I offer an amendment.  The Acting CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 109-467 offered by      Mr. DeFazio:       Strike section 104 (page 24, line 10, through page 28, line      14) and insert the following new section:     SEC. 104. PRE-EVENT MANAGEMENT PLANS.       (a) Plan Amendment.--For Federal land where timber harvest      is allowed, but not the primary management objective, the      Secretary concerned shall amend the land and resource      management plan or land use plan applicable to the land to      pre-plan for certain activities to immediately follow a fire      or other catastrophic event. The activities shall be specific      to forest type and plant association group, and be      appropriate to the management objectives for area described      in the plan. The Secretary concerned shall initiate plan      amendments with priority to areas at the greatest risk of a      catastrophic event and with the most suitability for post-     event activities. Managers using this pre-planning authority      shall conduct environmental analysis in accordance with 36      C.F.R. 219 et seq. and 40 C.F.R. 1500 et seq.       (b) Peer Review.--Before an activity, or collection of      activities, may be adopted as an amendment to a land and      resource management plan or land use plan, the activity or      activities shall be subject to independent, third-party peer      review by scientific and land management experts. The results      of the peer review shall be available to the public no later      than the availability of the draft plan revision.       (c) Expedited Review.--The Secretary concerned may use the      procedures provided in section 104 of the Healthy Forests      Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6514; Public Law 108-148)      to implement activities adopted as part of the amendment of a      land and resource management plan or land use plan according      to subsections (a) and (b). If environmental documentation is      conducted under this authority, then the administrative and      judicial appeals process described in sections 105 and 106 of      such Act (16 U.S.C. 6515, 6516) shall apply.       Add at the end of the bill the following new section:     SEC. 405. LIMITATION ON APPLICATION OF ACT.       In the case of Federal land covered by this Act, the      Secretary concerned shall use the authorities provided for in      this Act only on those Federal lands that--       (1) are designated as general forest areas available for      timber production; and       (2) are not otherwise reserved or managed for non-timber      production values.  The Acting CHAIRMAN. Pursuant to House Resolution 816, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden) each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I agree with much of what I have heard. Unfortunately, I do not believe that the bill gets us in that direction. As I said earlier, giving unbridled discretion to political appointees may sit well with this administration and some supporters in the industry, but it does not bode well for long-term management of the forests.  So I looked at this and said, well, there is a way to fix that, and that would be to say in areas that are designated for timber management, youcan use the expedited procedure since that is the plan objective, and in areas that are not intended for that, you would use normal procedures, which does not preclude salvage. It just means a little bit more evaluation of the work until such a time as you had anticipated catastrophic events and amended the forest plans.  Now, the Forest Service objects that it would take time, would have to involve the public to amend the forest plans, but the thing is the experts, the scientists, say that is the only way to get there. They say you cannot have a peer-reviewed list of preapproved practices that are not site-specific and are not specific to the management goals of the forest.  In fact, the dean of the Oregon College of Forestry Hal Salwasser, Jerry Franklin and Norman Johnson, from Oregon State, said here, ``Management objectives for the area in question are the primary consideration in any decision regarding postfire logging, reforestation, or any other activities.'' He said that ``those goals, together with information on the forest type, or plan association group, postevent conditions in disturbed areas, and future climate trends will largely determine what actions, if any, are appropriate. If management plan direction is not clear,'' and it is not, most plans do not have a salvage provision in them, ``for appropriate actions following large disturbance events, plan revisions should provide such clarity. Major disturbances should not be the basis for de facto changes in land allocations or management objectives,'' which is what this bill does.  So the preeminent scientist invited by the chairman to a hearing confirmed that.  I am offering what I think would be a perfecting amendment. It would open up millions of acres to expedited procedures. It would allow the Forest Service to then amend their plan so in the future they could apply with certainty preapproved practices, not with discretion, and greatly expedite future salvage under those conditions.  In the meantime they could use regular procedures, and I pointed out earlier, on the Biscuit fire, that could have yielded 175 million boardfeet, but, because of political intervention, yielded about 75 million boardfeet of harvest.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  