Chairman, I just want to say a few words about a compromise amendment that my colleagues and I in the Oregon delegation negotiated with the leadership of the House Armed Services Committee.  Our amendment requires the Army to send a report to Congress within 60 days of enactment of this bill regarding the Chinook helicopter Reset program. The Reset program repairs and restores helicopters to their pre-combat deployment condition. The report requires the Army to explain its plan to reset all active duty and reserve component helicopters, including the timeline and cost for doing so.  The reason my colleagues and I offered our original amendment is because of a dangerous situation facing the Oregon National Guard. The Oregon National Guard is authorized to have six Chinook helicopters. One was destroyed on a mission. One is too old and will be turned in to the Pentagon. The other four need to go through reset after being deployed to combat zones.  Timely repairs and rehabilitation are essential to ensuring the Oregon National Guard has the equipment necessary for responding to public safety threats, including forest fires, as well as other state emergencies, homeland defense, and proficiency training.  Unfortunately, timely repairs are not happening today. Due to the influx of aircraft returning from overseas and in need of repair, the Army depots that generally perform this work are overstretched. As I understand it, the average time to get a helicopter repaired and returned to a unit is six months or longer.  I haven't seen the speech yet, but I've been told that Major General Pillsbury of the Army Materiel Command recently gave a speech at a conference lamenting how far behind the Army is on the Chinook RESET program.  According to a letter from the Army in March 2006, the Oregon National Guard will not get its helicopters back until November 2006. During the interim period, the Oregon National Guard will have to do without, which puts Oregon residents at-risk. That is not acceptable.  Congress, the Army and the National Guard Bureau must find a solution to this problem. One logical solution is for the Army to allow the Oregon National Guard to contract with a local private sector helicopter maintenance provider in order to help alleviate the backlog that would otherwise keep its Chinooks grounded for the next several months. One company in Oregon, Columbia Helicopters, believes it could get two Chinooks through the reset process by July, several months sooner than the Army. Such private sector involvement in the reset program is not unprecedented. Last year, the Army awarded Boeing a $40 million-plus contract to refurbish Apache helicopters under the reset program. And, Columbia Helicopters has already done this type of work for the Nevada National Guard, which had some discretionary money it spent on getting its helicopters repaired.  Letters in support of this public-private concept have been sent to the Army since February from myself, the Oregon National Guard, the Nevada National Guard, Governor Kulongoski of Oregon, Governor Kenny Guinn of Nevada, Senators Smith, Wyden, Ensign and Reid, and Reps. Hooley, Wu and Walden. Yet, the Army has not taken any action to expedite the reset of the Oregon helicopters.  Our amendment today puts the Army on notice that Congress is interested in this issue and is concerned about growing repair burden and backlog. Congress needs to ensure accountability by the Army for timely repairs. This amendment is a first step. I will continue to work with my colleagues in Oregon and on the committee to try to get the Army to step up and ensure the National Guard is adequately equipped and able to carry out its missions year-round.  