 Well, surprise, the political appointees at the Bush Federal Aviation Administration and their supporters in Congress want to undermine the safest, most productive air traffic control system in the world by any measure. Why? Because there is one basic flaw. There is an agenda no one is talking about here tonight. It is not privatized. It does not provide a profit for Halliburton or some other contractor. That is what this is all about. Let's kill off the existing FAA and the air traffic controllers and then the private sector will save us.  Well, in the three countries where the private sector has come in, it has not worked out so well, neither for the safety nor for the taxpayers. They have all had to be bailed out. They are all more expensive. They are all less productive and they are nowhere near as safe.  Now, the gentleman from Florida complains about the salaries. The salary he is talking about with benefits is less than a Member of Congress like himself or me or the gentleman there or any of the rest of us. Now, I could not handle 20 planes on approach with obsolescent equipment and keep people alive day in, day out across America and in our skies. Could he? I think not.  Now, I am not going to complain about that salary. In fact, I don't find anybody at 30,000 feet or 40,000 feet that is complaining about that salary. And if we said, well, let's talk about the productivity. Well, they are handling 20 planes at once on approach, death defying air time here. That is about $8,000 per plane. That is even less than the Republicans mandated federal minimum wage. Now, is that where they want to drive this or do they maybe want to outsource it to India so we could send the data over there and they could do it for even less?  This is about safety, security, air space, the American public and, yes, it is about fairness. There has been a little bit of talk about fairness. Let's talk about fairness. 265 Members out of 435 have co-sponsored the Costello-Kelly bill; but the chairman of the committee, the operatives at the White House, and the Republican leadership will not allow a bill supported by an overwhelming majority of the House of Representatives, Democrats and Republicans, to come up for an up or down vote. Instead, they give us this option. We will give you a vote and then we will complain about the terms of it because it is retroactive and has all these other problems. We will complain about it here and we will require, guess what America? A two-thirds vote for passage.  This is not a straight deal for the people who keep us alive every week in the skies, who have an unparalleled record of safety and security for the American traveling public. Yeah, you can quibble and complain about the salaries and you can get up and talk about the average salary in my district, but I know the air traffic controllers in my district. There is not a single one of them earning $173,000. They would be living in the mansions on the hill if they did and they do not live in the mansions on the hill. So they can come up with the mythical air traffic controller somewhere.  And then the gentleman from Los Angeles comes up and feigns concernabout the number of air traffic controllers. Where is someone going to move and relocate and live in the Los Angeles area on the new $50,000 a year salary?  Vote for this bill. We need a two-thirds vote. And if it does not pass then come down to the well. I invite my Republican colleagues to come down here, sign the discharge position, and bring up the Kelly-Costello bill for a straight up vote, simple majority.  