President, if Senator Tester returns to the floor and wants to speak before the vote, I will ask unanimous consent to each have 2 minutes for that purpose. Perhaps he is not going to, but I want to make this a matter of record here because I want to give him a chance to close.  Let me try to get down to basics. Have my colleagues ever pulled out one of these cards to pay for something? If you are my age, you don't pull it out as often as younger people. This morning, I was down in the carryout here, and a young woman who is a Capitol police officer bought a pack of chewing gum for $1.20 and handed over her debit card. The debit card was swiped. She took the chewing gum and walked away. The average amount that is charged by the issuing bank of her debit card is 44 cents for each transaction. How much money do we think the owner of the carryout made on that pack of gum this morning? The answer is nothing. Now repeat that over and over again across America.  What is happening is that the banks issuing these debit cards are imposing interchange fees, swipe fees, on these transactions, and the merchants and the retailers have no voice in the amount of that fee, no voice whatsoever.  The Federal Reserve did a study and asked: Well, how much does it actually cost them to process that debit transaction? The answer was 12 cents, in the range of 12 cents. The charge is 44 cents; the cost is 12 cents. Is there something wrong with this picture? It means every person buying goods at stores across America pays more to pay for this fee.  We have heard the plaintive cries of those offering this amendment of how we have to have some sympathy for these banks--these poor banks, struggling to survive. If they can't collect the maximum on their debit fee interchange fee, the swipe fee, what is going to happen to them? Well, we have already exempted, incidentally, all banks with values of $10 billion and less, so we are talking about the big boys, the big banks.  So let's ask a few basic questions.  How does the debit card interchange fee in America compare to other countries? Visa and MasterCard do business all around the world. Banks issue these all around the world. So how do we stack up? Where is the good old U.S. of A? Well, I will tell my colleagues where we stack up. We have the highest interchange fees charged by Visa and MasterCard anywhere in the world--the highest. Thank you. Can America express its gratitude any greater than to say thank you to the banks for charging us the most for using plastic?  So what do they charge in other countries? Debit interchange fees in the European Union are less than one-fifth the charge in the United States. So let's do the math: 9 cents a transaction in Europe, 44 cents here. We want to give a big, sloppy kiss to these big banks at 2 o'clock for the way they are going to treat us. But it gets better. When we go to Canada, the Visa and MasterCard debit interchange fee in Canada is zero. There is no interchange fee. Now we have people on the floor begging us to show some sympathy for these banks and give them an interchange fee, and they charge nothing in Canada--zero. That is the reality.  The biggest banks make the biggest money on this process, far and away--Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo--to the tune of almost $8 billion a year. How long did they want to study interchange fees? If one is making $1.3 billion a month, one wants the study to go on for months, if not years. Get back to you later, we say to the banks. Yes, that is exactly what they want. At 2 o'clock, we will decide as a Senate whether we are going to give it to them.  This amendment, drawn up by the banks, compromises between the banks, gives to the banks exactly what they are looking for--a huge loophole to assess their interchange fees to justify what they are charging today and charge more. There is nothing in here--nothing--to protect consumers and businesses across America.  I got started in politics with a fellow named Paul Douglas. This goes back a few years. I was a college student. Douglas was a Ph.D. in economics--much smarter than I, for sure. He spent his whole life trying to pass something called truth in lending. All he wanted the banks to do was to tell their customers how much they were charging them and what interest rates. He spent 18 years battling that, and he left the Senate without getting it done. He couldn't finish it. Bill Proxmire of Wisconsin took up the battle and passed it. Paul Douglas fought those banks for 18 years.  It is a battle that has been going on a long time around here because, you see, there is a lot of power in this banking community, these financial institutions. When they come to the floor and say they want something, Congress decides, we better start talking. Rarely do they ever lose.  I guess we could say the Wall Street reform bill was a loss for them, but they deserved it. Look at the god-awful mess they put America into with their rotten practices, their stupidity and reckless conduct. We are still paying for that. We still have a lot of people out of work and businesses that failed. Many of the savings accounts of families across America are still suffering because those banks made those mistakes. And in the free market system, did they pay for their mistakes? No. The American taxpayers paid for their mistakes.  Giving credit where it is due to Senator Tester, he voted against the TARP bill. He said it, and I want it to be on the record. I voted for it. I did because I was told by Ben Bernanke of the Federal Reserve and Hank Paulson of the Department of the Treasury: If you don't help these banks and they fail, you will see a worse depression than 1929. I bought it. I voted for it. Almost $800 billion in bailouts to these banks. I was seething to think we were going to spend taxpayers' money to help these banks be rescued from their own stupidity and their own greed. We did it.  The three biggest banks involved here--some $95 billion we sent to them. Well, they are back. They are looking for the second installment on their payment, this time not from the taxpayers, this time from consumers and businesses across America. What they are asking us for, the biggest banks, the three biggest ones, is almost $8 billion a year in these interchange fees.  We have a chance now to try to bring some balance to this conversation. We have a chance to finally stand up for small businesses and merchants and consumers across America who have been victimized by the credit card companies and the big banks for too long. Can this Senate stand up once a year, once a decade for consumers across America against these financial institutions? That is what is at stake with this amendment. I know it is going to be a heated vote because my poor colleagues have been beaten to a pulp by both sides by those who feel very intensely about this issue.  I wish to credit my colleague from Montana because he told me at the outside--when I said, Jon, please don't do this, he said, I believe it. And, Jon, I admire you for doing it. I still do. Even though I disagree with you, I admire you for doing it. You are a man of conviction and principle and a great Senator.  But this is a historic moment in the Senate. It is a moment where we will decide whether for once the big banks are going to lose and the consumers are going to win; whether we are going to reduce the cost of these transactions and help consumers across America and small businesses across America make the profit they need.  Some people say: Well, this hasn't been studied enough. For 11 months now, the Federal Reserve has been studying this, the best economists, the best minds there. They have entertained 11,000 comments. They have heard everything under the Sun. They have heard it all. In a matter of days, they are set to issue a rule--a rule which no one has seen, a rule which the banks don't want anyone to see. They don't want this rule to see the light of day, and that is why they are here today--to stop the Federal Reserve from issuing a rule that may cost them in terms of their bottom line.  It is our choice now. It is our choice whether these banks are going to prevail. History will record the strength of consumers and small businesses across America against the Wall Street banks that take away more than half of the interchange fees on debit cards that are collected across America.  I hope my colleagues will stand by the decision we made a year ago. I hope they will give each of us an opportunity to see this rule come into effect and from that build on it a stronger, growing economy, one that is fair--an economy where interchange fees have been dictated by the big banks and credit card companies for too long.  I reserve the remainder of my time. How much time do I have remaining?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cardin). The remaining time is 3 minutes 55 seconds.  