President, I want to take a moment to thank a friend of mine who is leaving public service soon after more than four decades of service in Winnebago County, IL. Doug Aurand won his first political race in 1970 when he was elected Winnebago County treasurer. Truth be told, he wasn't supposed to win that race. The voters of Winnebago County had not elected a Democrat to a countywide position in 138 years. Apparently, nobody told Doug. He ran as a write-in candidate and campaigned in his first election like it was the most important race he could possibly run.  He filled out the campaign schedule every day by knocking on every door and talking to every voter he could find. When the votes were counted on election night, Doug Aurand made history by becoming the first Democratic treasurer in Winnebago County, IL. He was reelected seven times.  Doug Aurand was born in Dixon, IL, hometown of Ronald Reagan, and he was every bit as proud to be a Democrat as President Reagan was to be a Republican. But Doug never allowed his political affiliation to influence the way he treated his constituents. When you walked into the county treasurer's office in Rockford, you weren't Republican or Democrat; you were a taxpayer who deserved straight answers, good service, and respect. That is how Doug saw it, and that is why voters reelected him to the treasurer's office many times.  Two stories will tell you what kind of treasurer he was. One of the first actions Doug took as county treasurer was to put the local banks on notice that they would have to bid for Winnebago County's bank business. No more awarding the county's banking business on the basis of friendship and political connections. Whichever bank offered the highest interest rates would get the job. Competitive investing brought tens of millions of dollars and higher interest payments to the county, a real savings for taxpayers.  Doug also whittled down his staff. When he came in there were 30 people. By the time he left, they were down to 9, and their service never suffered.  Another example of the sort of treasurer Doug was, in the late 1970s an elderly man came in the office to pay his tax bill, and he pulled out a big bag of coins. He was literally counting his coins to pay his tax bill. Doug went up to say hello to him, and he noticed that the coins were all silver--mercury dollars and silver dollars--valuable collector's items.  Doug told the man his coins were worth more than face value, and he didn't just stop there. He arranged for a professional appraisal of the coins. In the end, not only was the elderly man able to pay his tax bill, but he also took home a nest egg. That is the kind of conscientious public servant Doug Aurand is.  In 1999 Doug announced he was stepping down after 28\1/2\ years as county treasurer. At that time he was in a life-and-death struggle with smoking-related cancer and his prognosis was not good. He defied the odds, beat cancer, resumed his political career, winning election as Harlem Township supervisor and a Winnebago County board member.  After 10 years, he lost his reelection bid to the county board last November, and he will step down from the Harlem Township board next month. It will be shortly after his 70th birthday, leaving behind 40 years and 8 months of public service.  Doug Aurand grew up on a farm in rural Winnebago County. He was one of six kids, including three foster children. His family raised miniature horses. Doug's dad also worked in the factory. Doug served in the Air Force during the Vietnam war, came home and started working as a mail carrier. That is when he got the political bug.  Federal law prohibits public employees from running for office, so Doug gave up the security of the Postal Service job for the insecurity of public life.  He is a passionate supporter of ordinary working people and the American labor movement, and he considers himself a fiscal conservative when it comes to saving taxpayers money. Ask Doug's friend who his political hero is in life, and he will tell you one name: Hubert Horatio Humphrey. Doug is a happy warrior. He loves politics, shaking hands, talking to voters, and debating the issues.  The high point of his year was at the Winnebago County Fair where he spent hours and hours talking to every one of the visitors at the fair.  Doug gives back to the community in ways other than politics. Only 2 percent of the boys who enter the Boy Scouts ever make it to Eagle Scout. I was in the other 98 percent, Doug was one of those in the 2 percent. He was an Eagle Scout leader for more than 30 years. He has been a leader and friend to hundreds of Eagle Scouts. Doug and his wife Julie have attended scores of graduations and weddings of Doug's former Eagle Scouts.  He also speaks frequently to young people about the health dangers of smoking, which he learned through his own life experience. Cancer cost Doug Aurand a small part of his tongue. That would have been a loss for any of us who fancy ourselves to be public speakers, and for Doug it presented some special challenges. But Doug's problem wasn't in his expression and diction; it was in his mastery of malapropisms. Everyone who knows him has a favorite example of Doug's creative way with words. One common ``Dougism: In speaking about events that are over and done and can't be changed, he often refers to ``water over the bridge'' or ``water under the dam.'' Another friend says his favorite is the way Doug pronounces the word ``protege.'' He calls it ``proto-joy.''  Because of Doug's decades of service as a public officeholder, Eagle Scout leader and friend to so many, Doug Aurand does indeed have ``proto-joys'' all across Winnebago County and beyond.  Doug and his wife Julie are going to retire in Florida, but their influence will continue to be felt in Illinois foryears to come. Julie's famous donkey cookies--and she always had a box waiting for me when I got up to Rockford--are certainly going to be missed by this Senator.  In closing, I wish Doug a happy 70th birthday and happy retirement. I thank Julie, the Aurand children, David and Christine, and the grandchildren, Bill and Tom, for sharing their husband, father, and grandfather with the people of Illinois and Winnebago County. Doug Aurand's service to America has made a real difference.  