President, I have high regard for the Senator from Montana. He is my friend, and he will be my friend whatever the outcome of the vote happens to be, which will happen in about 40 minutes. But I do disagree with him on this issue.  I would like to make it clear from the start that the law on the books today specifically exempts community banks and credit unions--specifically those valued at $10 billion or less. That means 100 banks out of 7,000 in America are affected by this new law and 3 credit unions in all of America.  Now, the banks and credit unions have come here and said: Not enough protection because we can't be sure you will protect us from the credit card companies coming back on us and hurting us. OK, we can write in more protection, if necessary. But to argue that we are trying to save mom-and-pop banks here--from whom? We are trying to save them from the credit card giants that have created this price-fixing mess.  If you are an autograph seeker and you happen to want to meet CEOs of major corporations, you hit it rich today. Get over here and walk the halls of the Senate office buildings, and you will meet the CEOs of the biggest companies and banks in America. Why are they here today? Because of this 2 p.m. vote. Why is this 2 p.m. vote important to the three biggest banks in America--Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo? Because right now what is at stake with the Tester-Corker amendment is $8 billion in fees they want to collect from consumers and businesses all across America--$8 billion.  When we got into the business of TARP--remember those days when thebanks had messed up the economy so badly that we had to come to their rescue with taxpayer money, and the average family across America watched the taxes they were paying this government going to the biggest banks on Wall Street? That was about $800 billion. The three biggest banks that will profit the most here from this amendment--Chase, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo--each was a beneficiary of that TARP money, that bailout money. Chase received $25 billion, $45 billion went to Bank of America, and $25 billion went to Wells Fargo. They did quite well. When we rescued them, they sent us a little thank-you card. Do you know what it was? It was a notice that they were giving their chief executives bonuses out of the tax money we were sending.  So the question is not whether we are going to do another TARP today but whether we are going to do a baby TARP. It is only $8 billion for these three big banks this time, but I think it is an outrage. It is an outrage to make consumers across America pay this. They pay it every time they use their debit cards, and the merchants and retailers that collect it have no voice in this process.  I wish some of the people who come to this floor and shed copious tears over community banks and credit unions that are already protected in this law would shed a few tears for the people who run the shops and businesses across America, the restaurants and the hotels. These are the people who are being hit by these debit card fees every single day. Where is the sympathy for small business on this floor? They are all over Illinois, they are all over America.  If we really believe the key to economic recovery is the strength of small business creating and expanding jobs across America, for goodness' sake, let's stand up for them. You can't vote at 2 p.m. for this pending amendment and say you are a friend of small business. No, you can't. Small business is lined up across America saying: For once, give us a break against these credit card companies and the big banks on Wall Street. Give us a break. Are we going to do it? I am afraid not, if we pass this amendment.  I look at this amendment and I think to myself, Why did the banks write it the way they did? They wrote it so they could include more costs into their calculation of the fee they charge on an interchange transaction with debit cards. I will tell you this: Based on the language that was just read to us, they will easily justify the 44 cents they are currently charging and more.  I respect my colleague from Montana when he says on the floor that he didn't mean to include certain things. I wish he had been specific. I think the language of this amendment is broad enough and wide enough to drive a truck through. The banks are going to come out quite well, thank you, at the end of the day. But don't they always? When it is all said and done, aren't they usually the winners around here?  Today, we have a chance to turn the tables, to really make the winners small businesses and consumers across America. That is why consumer groups support keeping the law as it is. That is why, when the banks wrote this, they said the four agencies that would decide what the fee was going to be would be four bank regulators. I am searching--searching, searching--for any reference to consumers or small businesses. Sorry, the banks couldn't include those people. They couldn't include those people in that calculation.  To say ``We are for the little guy, and that is why we need to vote for this amendment'' is to ignore the amendment's wording as written. If you are for the small businesspeople across America, there is only one vote, and it is a ``no'' vote.  Let the Federal Reserve issue this rule. Don't let the banks stop them in their tracks. That is exactly what they want to do. Let them issue this rule. If more needs to be done, I am on board. But the notion that we cannot even trust the Federal Reserve to come up with a rule on this that may protect small businesses and consumers across America is just plain unfair. It is wrong and we ought to know better.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  