She has spelled out what we face. I guess most people around America are looking at Washington and Capitol Hill and asking if there are any grownups left; can't adults sit down there in both political parties and solve our Nation's problems? It is a legitimate question because we are up against the deadline of August 2, the expiration of America's mortgage, the debt ceiling. It means that for the first time in history, if we don't act, we will default on our debt.  That is significant because the United States enjoys a reputation around the world--the highest economic reputation around the world, a AAA bond rating, which is as good as it gets. If a person asks for credit and they have that rating, they are in great shape; they can borrow what they need at a good interest rate. That is what we have today. If we fail to do what we are supposed to do between now and August 2 and default on our debt, it will be the first time it has occurred, it will mean the promise of America to pay its bills has been broken, and it will mean our creditors around the world will have questions about whether we can be trusted. When creditors have questions, they cover the risk by raising interest rates. So if the interest rate on America goes up 1 percent--just 1 percent--it costs us $130 billion a year, added to our debt; projected over 10 years: $1.3 trillion for every 1 point interest. So tempting fate and going to August 2 in that circumstance is not good, not just because America's debt grows but because interest rates around America will then rise with it. So if one is borrowing money for a car, a home or on a credit card, their interest rates will go up. Congress, without passing a tax bill, has just imposed a new tax on us. It will be the tax for defaulting on our debt ceiling.  What we are trying to do this week is to work out some sort of an agreement between Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, and the President to avoid this crisis. As the Senator from California accurately said, this is not a crisis similar to a natural disaster or even a terrorist attack; this is a manufactured political crisis on Capitol Hill. We don't have to have this. It has never happened before. What we are doing with this kind of a ``High Noon'' scenario, waiting until the last minute to solve our problem, is creating a problem that will cost us dearly. 