President, I wish to thank my colleague from Ohio for talking about this issue because it is on the minds of everyone here on Capitol Hill and across the Nation. We are getting a lot of e-mails and phone calls and letters, and it is understandable because this is the first time in our Nation's history that we face default on our national debt.  I received a letter from Amy in Germantown, IL, downstate. We have a lot of German families in our State, and we have a town named ``Germantown.'' Amy contacted me and said:       Please do your utmost to compromise on a budget solution      before the deadline expires. Our family has already weathered      multiple economic downturns due to the dot-com bubble burst,      9/11, and most recently the sub-prime mortgage crisis. We are      responsible     with our income, saving for our children's education and our      retirement. However, we are extremely nervous about our      savings and investments once again. If the United States of      America defaults on its loan obligations, it is likely we      will see a significant reduction in the value of our 401K      and 403B investments, as well as the investments we have      made for our children and grandchild's education.       . . . I cannot stand by another day and listen to all the      elected officials in Washington talk about their convictions.      Please remember your constituents and their situations.  Another letter from Scott in Bloomington, IL:       Dear Senator, I thought I'd offer you a real life personal      example of what you are doing to common Americans by dragging      out to the last minute the resolution of the Federal debt      limit. Ironically, every August 1st, I receive a distribution      from a tax-deferred retirement account. That account includes      a variety of investments, not the least of which are equity      mutual funds. The failure to provide leadership in Congress,      along with the President and House leaders, will probably      cost me about $5,000 this year. I will never see this money      again. The recent fall in the equity markets is a direct      result of the nervousness you are creating by failing to      resolve the Federal debt limit issue, playing the usual      political games. I respectfully request that you share this      message with all of your colleagues as a reality check. Stop      your games played for your own personal advantage, and start      thinking about the people you are supposed to be serving.  A letter from David in Casey, IL:       I am retired and don't look forward to having my Social      Security or veterans benefits cut. Why is it the rich get by      with no additional taxes and we are taxed and our benefits in      jeopardy? So why don't you elected officials wake up, start      living like the rest of the population, put politics aside      and do what is right for the country.  From the Lincoln Courier newspaper:       ``From what I'm hearing, interest rates would go up,'' said      Jim Muschinske, revenue manager for the Illinois Commission      on Government Forecasting and Accountability. ``Some people      may be more hesitant to buy big-ticket items they would have      to finance.''  As a result, sales tax revenues are going to suffer for local governments. ``That could start a ripple effect,'' the newspaper went on to write.       ``If the consumer pulls back, corporations would be more      hesitant to add to their payroll,'' Muschinske said. ``They      may cut or, at the very least, not hire. At this stage of the      recovery, we would hope hiring would be further along.''  What troubles me the most is this is a manufactured political crisis. This is a self-inflicted political wound. Eighty-nine times since 1939 we have routinely--except for one little glitch--extended the debt ceiling. We have done it under Republican Presidents 55 times and Democratic Presidents 34 times. It is bipartisan.  All the President is asking for is the authority to borrow the money to pay for what Congress has spent. Members of Congress who come to the floor and pledge ``I will never vote to extend the debt ceiling'' are the same Members of Congress who just weeks ago said to the President: Stay in Afghanistan, stay the course, spend the money. We have got to do it. Mr. President, $10 billion a month in Afghanistan. For every dollar we spend, we have to borrow 40 cents. So for President Obama to keep the promise made by these same Members of Congress, he has to borrow funds to do it. Now that he has asked for authority to borrow it, they are saying: Oh, no, we want nothing to do with borrowing the money. And that is why we are here today.  Mr. President, let me say a word about the other issue that is being debated; that is, the deficit. And I know you feel as seriously about it as I do. The deficit in this country has to be addressed. We are leaving a debt to our children that is unimaginable, and we have to change it.  I have been working for a year and a half with the deficit commission the President created and with a group called the Gang of 6, and we have come up with a bipartisan approach to deal with this. It is sensible. It spreads the pain--and there will be pain--to everyone across America and puts everything on the table--everything. We don't spare anyone except the poorest and most vulnerable in our Nation.  We basically said to people: We have to raise revenue, and we have to start by increasing the tax burden of those in the highest income categories. I think it stands to reason. If we are asking for sacrifice from working families who are paying for college student loans, why wouldn't we ask the wealthiest people in America to pay a little more on their taxes?  Secondly, we put all of the Federal spending on the table, and we make dramatic cuts in Federal spending--not just on the side of the ledger that deals with nondefense but also in the Defense Department. There are some Members of Congress who argue that you cannot cut a penny from the Department of Defense.  When I was on the deficit commission, we had experts who came in from the Pentagon, and we learned that the Pentagon and the Department of Defense is the largest Federal employer in America.  But then Senator Conrad of North Dakota asked an important question. He said: Beyond those Federal employees in the Department of Defense, how many contractors, how many contract employees work for the Department of Defense?  The expert said: I have no idea.  Senator Conrad said: Well, give me a range.  Well, he says, between 1 million and 9 million.  That is quite a range. I think it is evidence that we ought to look at every single contract in the Department of Defense. Believe me, there are some of them that shouldn't be there where we are paying too much money and not getting the security we expect for our Nation.  So we need to look at both sides of the ledger--the defense side and the nondefense side--and save the money. Keep our troops safe and keep America safe, but don't waste money on that which doesn't make us safe.  Finally, the entitlement programs--and this is where many people across America do get nervous. I believe in Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid. I particularly believe we have a commitment to seniors who paid their entire working lives into these programs expecting them to protect them when they reached the age of retirement.  This year, on January 1, 10,000 Americans reached the age of 65, qualifying for Social Security and Medicare. On January 2, another 10,000; January 3, again. And for 19 more years, every day 10,000 more people will qualify for Social Security and Medicaid. Welcome to the baby boomers. Those who were born after World War II are now reaching retirement age and with that expect, because they paid in for a lifetime, to receive Social Security and Medicare. Now we need to look at those programs and ask, What can we do to make them stronger longer? We may have some disagreement about exactly how that is done, but we both agree that if we don't touch Medicare and leave it as is, in a matter of 6, 7, or 8 years, it will be insolvent, unable to pay its bills. That is unacceptable. We need to find ways to make Medicare a strong, viable program that will pay the medical bills of seniors and the disabled when they need them.  Social Security, the same. There is good news in Social Security; it is solvent for 25 years. We cannot say that about many programs, if any, in Washington. But the bad news is at the end of 25 years, benefits would have to be cut 22 percent. That is tough. A lot of people have no other source of income.  What I have suggested, and I hope people will listen carefully: Small changes we make today in Social Security will play out over 25 years to buy the solvency we need in this program for decades to come. Every penny of savings in Social Security needs to be reinvested right back into Social Security so we do not take the savings from Social Security for general deficit reduction--not at all. Whatever savings are there, put them back into the Social Security Program.  There are ways to do this. We could do it in a sensible fashion, and the only way I can say that with some confidence is I have done it. When I first got elected to Washington in 1983, they said: Welcome to Washington. Social Security is broke.  We sat down and fixed it. We bought over 50 years of solvency at that time. We can do it again. We have to think about this in thoughtful terms, preserve the basic benefits of these programs but give them a longer life so they will be there when they are needed in the future. Our Gang of 6 came up with a bipartisan agreement to deal with this. Thirty-six Senators of both parties have agreed to join us in thiseffort, and I hope it becomes the basis for us addressing our deficit crisis and that we avert what clearly is a manufactured political crisis coming August 2 and that we extend this debt ceiling so we do not hurt our recovering economy. We cannot hurt the innocent businesses and families across America who count on us for leadership.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  