President, I wish to join my colleagues in remembering Senator Mark Hatfield, an extraordinarily good man, a man of dignity and integrity. I didn't have the opportunity to serve with him in the Senate, but he chaired the Senate Appropriations Committee when I was a member of the House Appropriations Committee, so oftentimes we would come together in conference on a given issue, and I admired him greatly.  Mark Hatfield was an independent man throughout his public career. He was a man of civility and deep faith, a devout evangelical Christian. He was a Republican who believed government could be a force for good.  During the course of my statement, I will read some comments by Senator Mark Hatfield, and those who are following this should pause and reflect that his was once a major voice in the Republican Party. Unfortunately, few, if any, voices such as his can be heard today. I hope there are those who are listening who will take heart that it is consistent with Republican principles to stand for the values of Mark Hatfield.  Announcing his retirement from the Senate in 1995, Mark Hatfield said:       As a young man I felt the call of public service and      believed in the positive impact government can have on the      lives of people. Government service has allowed me to promote      peace, protect human life, enhance education, safeguard our      environment, improve the health care of Oregonians, and guard      the rights of the individual.  As I said, though I didn't have the honor of actually serving in the Senate with Mark Hatfield, we shared a common hero. If a person visited his Hart Office Building suite and went to his conference room, they would see the most amazing display of memorabilia and tributes to Abraham Lincoln I have seen anywhere outside of my hometown of Springfield, IL. One whole wall in Senator Hatfield's office was covered with a collection of Abraham Lincoln paintings, photographs, and memorabilia. His fascination with Lincoln began when he was in grade school and he first learned about the evil of slavery and the leadership Lincoln provided in abolishing it.  Sometimes at night, Mark Hatfield said to a reporter, he liked to quietly slip down to the Lincoln Memorial to meditate. ``It's like a cathedral,'' he said. ``People come in talking loudly, but then they go up the steps, and it's amazing, they all begin to whisper. How can they help it?''  I can recall one particular instance where Mark Hatfield agreed to come to my hometown of Springfield, IL. Each year on February 12, we have the Abraham Lincoln Association dinner, and we invite people who are in public life or who are historians and academics to come and talk about their impressions of some aspect of the life of Abraham Lincoln. I remember his speech because he spoke about a man named Edward Dickinson Baker.  Edward Dickinson Baker had served in the U.S. House of Representatives as a Congressman from Illinois from two separate congressional districts. He then moved to Oregon and became a Senator from the State of Oregon. He was a close friend of President Abraham Lincoln. He was killed early in the Civil War at the Battle of Ball's Bluff. His statue is one of the Oregon statues here in the Capitol Building.  Mark Hatfield came to tell a story of Edward Dickinson Baker and the friendship of Abraham Lincoln and the connection with Oregon. I went up to him afterward and said: There is another part of this story you might find interesting. After Abraham Lincoln served as a Congressman--he was given one term, which was the agreement with the Whigs back in Illinois. He wanted to stay on, but they said: No, you can't. So they offered him another job which he turned down before returning to Springfield to practice law, and that was the job to be the provincial Governor of Oregon, the territory of Oregon. Had Lincoln made that decision, history might have been a lot different for America. Hatfield and I laughed about that and the Oregon connection between Lincoln and Edward Dickinson Baker. He was an extraordinary man, Hatfield was, in that he not only admired Lincoln, but he studied him and the history of his life.  Mark was born in 1922, the son of a railroad blacksmith and a schoolteacher. He attended Willamette University in Salem, OR. He ran for the office of student body president--the only race he ever lost.  As a young Navy officer in World War II, Mark Hatfield was at both Okinawa and Iwo Jima, the two Pacific islands that were the scene of some of the bloodiest fighting of the war. Later, he was one of the first Americans to enter Hiroshima after the city was devastated by the first atomic bomb. Those experiences and his own religious views had a profound influence on his beliefs about the use of military power.  He was a lifelong foe of excessive arms buildup. He told the Christian Science Monitor in 1982:       There comes a time in a Nation's life when additional money      spent for rockets and bombs, far from strengthening national      security, will actually weaken national security--when there      are people who are hungry and not fed, people who are cold      and not clothed.  Mark Hatfield once castigated Democrats in the 1980s for not speaking up strongly enough about what he considered excessive military spending during the Ronald Reagan administration. He was the only Senator to have voted against the Vietnam war and the Persian Gulf war.  Politics wasn't his first calling. He was a college professor and then college president. In 1956, he was elected to the Oregon State Legislature, where he was instrumental in passing measures banning racial discrimination in housing and public accommodations--a decade before the government considered similar civil rights laws here in Washington. From there, it was a steady climb to State senator and secretary of state. In 1958, he was elected Governor, becoming the youngest ever in his State. He was reelected in 1962.  He successfully ran for the Senate in 1966 with a straightforward platform that included opposition to the Vietnam war. In all, he spent 30 years in this body, including 8 years as chairman of the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee. I remember him as chairman. When he would have conference committees, you could always count on Mark Hatfield to be genteel, courteous, and bipartisan. It was a great experience. Every conference committee was a great experience. The man really exuded fairness and integrity, and it is one of the reasons I wanted to come to the floor today and say a few words about how much he meant to me. When it came to particular issues on appropriations, he really focused on medical research, which was very important to him, and on efforts to eliminate poverty in the United States.  In 1995, he cast a historic vote. He was the only Republican to vote against a constitutional amendment to require a balanced Federal budget. His vote meant defeat for the measure because it fell one vote short for the two-thirds majority needed for passage. Senator Hatfield said he voted against the amendment for two reasons: because he believed it would starve social programs and tear deep holes in America's safety net and because it exempted defense and entitlement spending from cuts. Besides, he said, if Congress wanted a balanced budget, all it had to do was pass one.  Some younger Senators in his party were so angry at Hatfield for having cost them this balanced budget amendment that they set out to strip him ofhis committee chairmanship as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. Luckily, that threat never materialized. Senator Mark Hatfield shrugged off their anger. He told a reporter:       I've been out of step most of my political life. So what      else is new?  In the year after the balanced budget amendment vote, the Appropriations Committee, under Chairman Hatfield's leadership, went on to cut more than $22 billion in discretionary nondefense spending from the budget. He wasn't opposed to spending cuts, but he didn't support a constitutional amendment.  I wish to offer my condolences to Senator Hatfield's wife Antoinette, who has been his partner for more than 50 years, and his children and grandchildren.  ``Stand alone or come home''--that is the advice Mark Hatfield's father gave him about facing moral choices, and Mark Hatfield lived his life by that rule. Now he has gone home, and we are left to recall and celebrate the life and service of this good man.  