President, I hope we are drawing to a close. We are not certain; there are still some unresolved issues. But the Omnibus appropriations bill is moving forward, and it will fund our government for the remainder of this fiscal year. It has been a long and arduous process.  We started by passing three appropriations bills in the Senate, then when we tried to call the next three we raninto opposition. So the Appropriations Committee, on which I serve, had to sit down and try to craft nine separate spending bills and put them together into one. It was a long and involved and difficult process with the Financial Services Subcommittee which I chair.  Included in that committee jurisdiction are the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. These are the two government agencies responsible for watching Wall Street and the major financial institutions markets across America. We are doing our best to not only restore America's confidence in some of these institutions that have been shaken by the recession but also to make certain it never happens again. There is resistance, primarily from the banking community and some financial institutions that don't want regulation even after the embarrassing failures of the last recession and the need for a Federal Government bailout.  We need to make certain that at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission there are adequate funds for them to do the job. I will tell my colleagues honestly that the underfunding of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission is a serious mistake--serious. MFA Global has been the subject of repeated hearings on Capitol Hill as to what went wrong that led to the eighth largest bankruptcy in the history of the United States. Innocent people across America and the world have lost money. Some of them have lost their savings because of wrongdoing by someone--we still don't know who. But the agency responsible for monitoring this activity, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, is facing a modest--almost immodest--increase in appropriations this year when they desperately need more.  This is an agency which had a budget of about $200 million in the last year. The administration had asked for $300 million for this year. We will be lucky to come up with anything in the range of $215 million. That is a 7- or 8-percent increase in an agency which desperately needs more not just for personnel--and they need the best professionals--but also for computer technology to keep up with the volume of trades taking place and to monitor activity so as to avoid embarrassment and exploitation.  This notion by many on the other side of the aisle that we can starve these agencies and somehow end up with a stronger economy is completely upside down. The strength of the American economy, whether we are talking about Wall Street or the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or the Chicago Board of Options Exchange, is in the fact that we are guided by the rule of law. We encourage and put into law standards of transparency, and we have oversight that is adequate to the job. This year's appropriations bill falls short of that mark.  I am also troubled by other provisions in this bill again this year considered by my subcommittee. Too many Members of Congress, especially in the House of Representatives, clearly have missed their real calling in life. What they wanted to be was not a Member of Congress but a mayor. So in their frustration they decided they will be a Congressman from their district back home and a surrogate mayor for the District of Columbia.  Over 800,000 American citizens and taxpayers live in this great city. They have nominally had home rule for decades. Yet time and again, year after year, they are subjected to those would-be mayors from all around America who impose standards on this city that they would never suggest in their own hometowns. It becomes a social experiment, primarily for the rightwing.  One of the programs each year that becomes a source of controversy is the needle exchange program. This program of exchanging needles and syringes is the bridge to those who are addicted to bring them out of their addiction into a healthy situation. Why would we do this in the District of Columbia? Because the incidence of HIV/AIDS infection in this city is the highest in the United States of America. That is the reality of life on the streets of Washington--a reality which those who have opposed this program refuse to acknowledge.  The medical professionals step forward and say: Do this. We can help make this a cleaner, healthier, safer city if you do it. Time and time again, some folks stand in the House and say: Oh, we are just going to get rid of this and show that we are opposed to intravenous drug use.  Well, I am opposed to it too, but I know that in addition to strong laws we need thoughtful, commonsense solutions such as the needle exchange program that is supported by medical organizations. The fact that this is not taking place in the way it should is an embarrassment, and I am sorry this will be included in one part of this appropriations bill.  Before we leave, we need to do two things in addition to funding our government. We need to make certain the payroll tax cut which benefits 160 million Americans continues after December 31. This is a lifeline to many struggling families, and it is a way to insert into our economy the spending power of 160 million families buying goods and services that plays out into even more economic activity--more jobs and profitability. That is a must. The President insists on it. He has crossed America making that case. We cannot leave town without doing it. We are working on the final details today, and we should close that as quickly as possible to make certain there is no gap in this coverage of this payroll tax cut.  Secondly, the maintaining of unemployment insurance benefits is absolutely essential for millions of Americans who are out of work.  The amount of money they receive in UI benefits will allow them to keep their families together not just during this holiday season but for the months to come, so that while they are searching for a job they are able to make basic payments so they do not lose their homes--at least have a roof over their heads--and provide for the basic necessities of life for their struggling families.  I cannot believe this has become a political football. I can still recall a time--not that long ago--when Republican and Democratic Presidents would renew unemployment benefits without question, without demand that it be paid for, because they knew it was essential. It was as caring and needy as disaster aid is, and now it has become a political football.  We need to extend these unemployment benefits before we leave town. We have to get that done. The President has insisted on it, and he is right. We know now, with our high unemployment rate coming down slowly, that we still need to provide this assistance to families. Were we to cut off these unemployment benefits, in my home State of Illinois, 148,000 people would lose their benefits--148,000 people. What a happy holiday they would have, knowing that on January 1, the benefits would no longer continue.  Let's get this job done. Let's go home at least with the clear mind that we have met our obligation to this economy and to the unemployed people across America, that we have funded our government, and that we will return next year and, I hope, find a more congenial and bipartisan environment to work in.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Tester). The Senator from Virginia.  