President, my Republican colleagues have frequently come to the Senate floor to criticize President Obama for his handling of terrorism cases. They have argued regularly and consistently that terrorism suspects should never be interrogated by the FBI and should not be prosecuted in America's criminal courts but, instead, they argue, they should only be held in military detention and prosecuted in military commissions.  Today, I have noticed no one on the Republican side has come to the Senate floor to make those arguments. Why not? It may be because yesterday Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab pled guilty in Federal court to trying to explode a bomb in his underwear on a flight to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009. Mr. Abdulmutallab, who will be sentenced in January, is expected to serve a life sentence.  I commend the men and women at the Justice Department and the FBI for their work on this case. America is a safer country today thanks to them.  My colleagues on the other side were very critical of the FBI's decision to give Miranda warnings to Abdulmutallab. Let me quote Senator McConnell, the minority leader. This is what he said on the floor of the Senate:       He was given a 50-minute interrogation.  He was referring to Abdulmutallab.  The Senator went on to say:       Probably Larry King has interrogated people longer and      better than that. After which he was assigned a lawyer who      told him to shut up.  That is an interesting statement, but here are the facts. Experienced counterterrorism agents from the FBI interrogated Abdulmutallab when he arrived in Detroit. According to the Justice Department, during this initial interrogation, the FBI ``obtained intelligence that proved useful in the fight against al Quida.'' After this initial interrogation, Abdulmutallab refused to cooperate further with the FBI. Only then, after Abdulmutallab stopped talking, did the FBI give him a Miranda warning.  What the FBI did in this case was nothing new. During the Bush administration, the FBI consistently gave Miranda warnings to terrorists detained in the United States.  Here is what Attorney General Holder said:       Across many administrations, both before and after 9/11,      the consistent, well-known, lawful, and publicly-stated      policy of the FBI has been to provide Miranda warnings prior      to any custodial interrogation conducted inside the United      States.  In fact, under the Bush administration, they adopted new policies for the FBI that say that ``within the United States, Miranda warnings are required to be given prior to custodial interviews.''  Let's take one example from the Bush administration: Richard Reid, also known as the Shoe Bomber. Reid tried to detonate an explosive in his shoe on a flight from Paris to Miami in December 2001. This was very similar to the attempted attack by Abdulmutallab, another foreign terrorist who also tried to detonate a bomb on a plane. So how does the Bush administration's handling of the Shoe Bomber compare with the Obama administration's handling of the Underwear Bomber? The Bush administration detained and charged Richard Reid as a criminal. They gave Reid a Miranda warning within 5 minutes of being removed from the airplane, and they reminded him of his Miranda rights four times within the first 48 hours he was detained.  Later, Abdulmutallab began talking again to FBI interrogators and providing valuable intelligence. FBI Director Robert Mueller, for whom I have the highest respect, described it this way:       Over a period of time, we have been successful in obtaining      intelligence, not just on day one, but on day two, day three,      day four, and day five, down the road.  Now, how did that happen? How did the FBI get even more information from the suspect after they gave the Miranda warning? The Obama administration convinced Abdulmutallab's family to come to the United States, and his family persuaded him to start talking to the FBI. That is a very different approach than we have heard in previous administrations. Sometimes when a detainee refused to talk, in the Bush administration, in some isolated cases, there were extreme techniques used to try to get information from him, such as waterboarding. But real life isn't the TV show ``24.'' On TV, when Jack Bauer tortures somebody, the suspect immediately admits everything he knows. Here is what we learned during the previous administration: In real life, when people are tortured, they lie. They will lie and say anything to make the pain stop. Oftentimes they provide false information, not valuable intelligence.  Richard Clarke was the senior counterterrorism adviser to President Clinton and President George W. Bush. Here is what he said about the Obama administration's approach:       The FBI is good at getting people to talk. They have been      much more successful than the previous attempts of torturing      people and trying to convince them to give information that      way.  Many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle argue that Abdulmutallab should have been held in military detention as an enemy combatant, but terrorists arrested in the United States have always been held under our criminal laws.  Here is what Attorney General Holder said:       Since the September 11, 2011 attacks, the practice of the      U.S. government, followed by prior and current      administrations without a single exception, has been to      arrest and detain under Federal criminal law all terrorist      suspects who are apprehended inside the United States.  Many of my Republican colleagues also argue that terrorists such as Umar Abdulmutallab should be tried in military commissions because Federal courts are not well-suited to prosecuting terrorists.  That argument is simply wrong. Look at the facts. Since 9/11, more than 200 terrorists have been successfully prosecuted and convicted in our Federal courts. Here are just a few of the terrorists who have been convicted in Federal courts and are serving long prison sentences: Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing; Omar Abdel Rahman, the so-called Blind Sheik; the 20th 9/11 hijacker, Zacarias Moussaoui; Richard Reid, the Shoe Bomber; Ted Kaczynski, the Unabomber; Terry Nichols, the Oklahoma City coconspirator; and now Abdul Abdulmutallab. Compare this with the track record of military commissions. Since 9/11, only 4 individuals have been convicted by military commissions--more than 200 in the courts, 4 in military commissions--and 2 of those individuals spent less than 1 year in prison, having been found guilty by a military commission, and are now living freely in their home countries of Australia and Yemen.  GEN Colin Powell, the former head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Secretary of State under President Bush, supports prosecuting terrorists in Federal courts. Here is what he said about military commissions. This is from General Powell:       The suggestion that somehow a military commission is the      way to go isn't borne out by the history of the military      commissions.  Many military commissions, when it comes to terrorism cases, are an unproven venue, unlike Federal courts.  Former Bush administration Justice Department officials James Comey and Jack Goldsmith also support prosecuting terrorists in Federal court. Here is what they said:       There is great uncertainty about the commissions' validity.      This uncertainty has led to many legal challenges that will      continue indefinitely. . . . By contrast, there is no      question about the legitimacy of U.S. Federal courts to      incapacitate terrorists.  I say to my colleagues, after a steady parade of speeches on this Senate floor by the Senate Republican leader and others about how we cannot trust our Federal court system to prosecute terrorists, how we should take care to never let the FBI do this important job, the facts speak otherwise.  In Detroit, in the Federal court, we should give credit where it is due. TheFBI did its job. Our courts did their job. The Department of Justice prosecutors did their job. Abdulmutallab pled guilty. He pled guilty because the evidence was overwhelmingly against him. He was convicted openly in the courts of America, which is an important message to send to the rest of the world, and he will pay a heavy price--a life sentence--for his terrible attempt to down an aircraft in the United States. That prosecution and that confession were obtained in our court system.  To argue that military commissions are the only way to go and that using the FBI and Department of Justice and our article III courts as a venue for terrorism is wrong is not proven by the facts, the evidence, or the most recent information coming forward. I would hope some of my colleagues who are now holding up the Defense authorization bill on this issue will at least be hesitant to argue their case now that the Abdulmutallab prosecution has been successfully completed. Over 200 terrorists have been successfully prosecuted in America's courts.  My message to them and I think the message of America to every President is, you use the court, you use the agency you think will be most effective in protecting America. Congress should not tie the hands of any President when it comes to this important prosecution. This success that we have seen in Detroit is evidence that if we give to a President--whether it is a Republican or Democratic President--the tools to prosecute those accused of terrorism, the President can use them wisely, sometimes in military commissions but more often in our court system, an open system that says to the world we can bring the suspected terrorist to justice and do it in a fashion consistent with American values.  I hope all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, will join me in commending the Justice Department and FBI for their success in bringing Abdulmutallab to justice, and I sincerely hope this case will cause some Members of the body to reconsider their opposition to handling terrorism in the criminal justice system.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  