President, the report this week about the rate of poverty in America is an eye opener. The numbers that have been reported are stunning. The number of Americans living in poverty now stands at 46.2 million people. That is an increase of 8.9 million since 2007, just in 4 years. This has increased significantly since the year 2000. The poverty threshold for a mother and father with two children is an annual income of $22,000 a year. That is less than $2,000 a month. So for that family of four, what we are seeing is 46 million Americans make less than that. I think all of us understand how difficult it is in this day and age to survive and raise a family, but this national poverty rate should be a wake-up call to us. I hope it puts a couple of things in perspective.  I spoke on the floor yesterday about visiting a warehouse in Champagne, IL, a warehouse for the food depositories in the area. It is a warehouse where they process and send out food for food pantries that are managed by local groups, churches and the like. Almost every State has them--I am sure they do. I was in this warehouse during the August recess to talk about the increased volume of people who are going to food pantries on a regular basis. I visit these food pantries to introduce myself to those who are coming in and to learn as much as they want to tell me about their circumstances.  At this warehouse in Champagne, IL, was a woman who was very attractive and well-dressed, standing there, and I assumed she worked at the warehouse. It turned out I was wrong because she said at one point she was a teacher's aide in the local school district. I thought, Why is she here? I kept thinking to myself, I wonder why she is here. Maybe she is on the board of this food depository. It turns out she was there to tell me her story. She is a single mom with two young children. She has a full-time job as a teacher's aide in the school district. Because her income is below the poverty level, she qualifies for not only food stamps but also uses these food pantries. She said to me she wanted to express her gratitude that we now have extended the SNAP program, the food stamp program, to include fresh produce, fruits, and vegetables. She said it means I can take my kids to the local farmers market and they get to meet the farmers and ask questions and hear stories about where these thing come from, the fruits and vegetables we buy and, she said, I get to buy healthy food to give to my kids.  I never would have picked her out of a crowd as a person who needed help to feed her children--and she did. She told me: Without this, I would be struggling. It is an eye opener for all Americans, when we hear 46 million of us are living in poverty. These are our neighbors, our friends, the people with whom we go to church. These are folks you may see in the store. They are people who are struggling, many of them working but not making enough money. Some have full-time jobs, many have part-time jobs. It is a reminder, as we get into this deficit debate, never to lose sight of the safety net in America.  We are a kind and caring people. We have proven that over many generations. We do things many other countries do not do. For one thing, we have our young men and women volunteer to risk their lives in foreign lands to try to bring peace.  In addition to that, we have been engaged for over a century in helping other countries that are struggling. I just received a handwritten letter from two grade school children in Illinois about those who are starving in Somalia. It was a heartfelt letter, asking me to do something. That is not unusual. It is a sentiment expressed over and over again in our country. We need to have the same empathy and the same compassion for our own in America.  What that means is not only saying good things and perhaps helping through our churches and other charities, but also making certain that the safety net programs in our country are there for those who are struggling. We are engaged in a mighty debate now about deficit reduction. I have been part of it for a little while in some capacities. I keep reminding those who are in the debate that there are some programs that are absolutely essential. Some of them are obvious: the food stamp program, to make sure the lady I mentioned and others like her have enough food for their children; the Medicaid Program, which provides health insurance for one-third of America's children. In Illinois it pays for over 50 percent of births and it takes care of our elderly when they are in a nursing home and run out of their savings.  As we talk about deficit reduction, let us focus on making certain at the end of the day the safety net is still in place. Let us make sure the childcare deductions that we have in the Tax Code are there for working families, the Earned Income Tax Credit, a program started under President Reagan which acknowledges that many people who are working still need a helping hand in our Tax Code; Medicaid, that I mentioned earlier; the food stamp program; housing programs for those who are homeless and need a helping hand. The safety net has to be honored and has to be preserved in the course of our deficit debate.  But I would also say, at this point, the President has challenged us to stop giving speeches and to start moving forward on getting America back to work. He made a proposal in last Thursday's joint session of Congress to give working families across America a payroll tax cut. What would it mean in Illinois? The average income in Illinois is about $53,000 a year. The President's payroll tax cut would be worth $1,400 to every family making that amount of money. That is $120 a month. It may not sound like much for people who are wealthy, but for those who are struggling paycheck to paycheck, it could make a difference.  President Obama wants to give more income security to middle-income families. That is what his proposal is about. He has turned around and said when it comes to small businesses, let us give them incentives to hire the unemployed. The only line the President delivered a week ago that I remember got a standing ovation from both sides is when the President said let's incentivize employers to hire our veterans. Everybody stood up. We know that is the right thing. They served our country, they came home, and we ought to give them a hand to help them. That is part of the President's plan.  But he went beyond that and said if people have been unemployed and an employer is willing to hire them, let us give them a tax credit to do it. The President is moving tax benefits to small businesses, the so-called job creators we hear so much about, and I believe they are, as well as to working families. But it is all paid for. This is where many Republicans take exception.  How does the President pay for getting America back to work? He asked for sacrifice from the wealthiest people in America. There are some members of the Republican Party who would not impose 1 penny more in taxes on the wealthiest people in America. They are prepared to see every other family in America sacrifice except for those who can sacrifice without feeling any pain in their lives. I don't think that is fair and I think the President is right. Those who are making the highest incomes in America should join withevery other family in America and help us get beyond this recession.  Also, the President starts eliminating the subsidies, the Federal subsidies for oil companies. I don't have to remind Americans what the price of gasoline is; they know it. In Illinois it is over $4 a gallon in many places I traveled to during the recess. These oil companies are witnessing the highest profits in the history of American business. The President has said, and I agree: It is time to cut the Federal subsidy, the tax subsidy for oil companies, these profitable companies that make so much money for their shareholders and give so many bonuses to their officers.  Many Republicans object. They do not want to raise taxes on the oil companies. They do not want to raise taxes on the wealthiest people in America. I think they ought to put it in perspective. If we can help middle-income and working families get through the recession, stop living paycheck to paycheck and have a little bit of a cushion in their lives, if we can give small businesses incentive to hire Americans and turn this economy around, that is what America needs. Let's get beyond the rhetoric that has stalled efforts in Washington. Let's get beyond the obstructionism and the obstacles. Let us finally work together with the President's leadership and come up with a plan to put America back to work.  I yield the floor.  