President, another testimony that I thought was extremely compelling came from Alan Morrison. Alan Morrison is an accomplished attorney and has argued many cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. He is the Lerner Family Associate Dean for Public Interest & Public Service Law at George Washington University Law School.  Professor Morrison really asked us to think through what we are doing. In fact, he asked us the most important question: If you put an amendment to the Constitution that requires a balanced budget, who will enforce it? Who will make it work? Who will decide if you have lived up to its terms? He concluded, based on his background in constitutional law and arguing before the Supreme Court, not the President. The President is not in that position to do it. The President, of course, with his budget, has his own favorites when it comes to spending and revenue.  Professor Morrison said this case ultimately has to find its way to our court system. But he made it clear that any constitutional balanced budget amendment must expressly give to the Federal courts the standing to decide the question. He raised a question that without that expressed language, he really was doubtful that the courts would take it up. They might view it as just a political question to be resolved by Congress itself.  Now, Senator Lee, who spoke on the floor earlier, has a version of the balanced budget amendment that expressly gives standing to Members of Congress, if I am not mistaken. But the point made by Professor Morrison is that any balanced budget amendment has to expressly give to our Federal court system the power of judicial review. In other words, who is going to call the fouls, the balls, the strikes, and the outs? It is going to have to be the court system when it comes to whether the balanced budget amendment is being complied with.  That is the first question but certainly not the last question.  Professor Morrison then went on to say: Now, put this in the real world. In the real world, where Congress has passed a budget, appropriations bills, and now someone is arguing that what Congress did does not comply with the new provision of the Constitution requiring a balanced budget--arguing that, in fact, Congress is overspending the amount it is allowed to spend, for example--then, of course, that case has to find its way from the Capitol Building to the President, who signed the bill, and then over to the court system.  Keep in mind, while we are in doubt about the outcome on appropriations bills and the budget, there is a serious question about how we will continue to fund our government, whether we can continue to make important payments to military retirees, Social Security recipients, Medicare recipients. All of it is in doubt while there is a question raised as to whether the budget passed by the Congress is unconstitutional.  This is the thicket we are being led into by those who very glibly say: All we need to do is mandate in the Constitution a balanced budget, and it will just flow naturally from that mandate.  Well, listen to what Professor Morrison said:       The federal courts will (rightly) be extremely reluctant to      wade into these budget battles and thus will want to be sure      that there is likely to be a violation before agreeing to      decide the merits. But budgets are inherently uncertain in      their impact, depending on such factors as whether revenue      targets are met, whether the demand for entitlements is      higher or lower than anticipated, whether discretionary      spending is fully realized, and whether an existing war winds      down or a new one starts, each with great uncertainties      accompanying them. Thus, it will be far from clear on October      1st of a given fiscal year whether a duly enacted budget will      or will not be in balance, assuming that the question is      reasonably close, as it is likely to be in at least some      years. Unless Congress makes it clear, either in the      [constitutional] amendment or perhaps by subsequent      legislation, that the courts should resolve all doubts in      favor of finding claims ripe, the courts are likely to be      very reluctant to reach the merits even for those persons who      are expressly given standing in the amendment.  Then, of course, is the question of a remedy. What if Congress passes a budget and appropriations bills, the President signs them, and they are challenged in court, and the court says: Yes, in fact, Congress has overspent beyond the requirements of the Constitution. What is next? What remedy would the courts order? What can the court do?       Can they order the recipients (of salaries, social security      benefits, Medicare payments, payments under Government      contracts etc) to ``pay back'' [a certain percentage]? Or can      it order Congress to rectify the balance in the next year's      budget, which would almost certainly trigger a new lawsuit?      To be sure, the courts will not dismiss as moot claims that      are capable of repetition, yet evade review because the      duration of the violation is so limited that the courts      cannot decide its legality before it has ceased.  Professor Morrison asks us to get beyond the bumper stickers and to think twice before we amend our Constitution.  In the 220 years since the enactment of the Bill of Rights, we have amended this Constitution precious few times. We have done it for compelling national reasons. We have done it to extend the right to vote to women. We have done it to make it clear that African Americans treated as slaves will be treated as citizens in the United States. We have done it to deal with questions of Presidential disability and succession. These are things which were compelling, major, national issues which could be resolved in a clear, definitive way by our Congress, working with the States for ratification.  Now comes the flavor of the day. In the midst of the deficit crisis debate, there are those who are arguing that we should not accept our responsibility in the Senate and the House to balance the budget. No, we should just put in the Constitution that we are required to do it. And then they go further. If we are going to address it, they say, we are going to draw certain lines that future Congresses, forever, as long as this constitutional amendment applies, will be bound by--to make it more difficult to raise taxes on anyone in the United States; to make it imperative, if not mandatory, that cuts be made in programs such as Social Security and Medicare. These are questions that should be decided by Congress and the President on a timely basis.  I have been involved in the past 2 years with a lot of debate about our national budget deficit, both on the Bowles-Simpson Commission and with the voluntary effort by six Democratic and Republican Senators. It is not easy. It is very hard. But it can be done if the political will is there.  I think we need to summon the courage, the political courage and the will to do it. But we should reject--summarily reject these efforts to amend our Constitution. They are not well thought out. The Constitution is too important a document, a historical guidepost for our Nation, and an inspiration for nations around the world to put in a fatally flawed constitutional balanced budget amendment in the heat of the moment.  This is a significant vote. Those of us--and that includes every single Member of the Senate--who have sworn to uphold and defend the Constitution need to take that document very, very seriously. Those who want to amend it in quick fashion, changing their amendment language by the day, should be dismissed. If they do not show the reverence for this document that it deserves, if they do not take the time to make certain their proposals are consistent with the sanctity and importance of this document, they should not be taken seriously.  I do not believe any of my colleagues can go home having voted for that amendment and expect wild applause from audiences across America. They will understand that this was just a political reaction to a very important issue. Let's not amend the Constitution with a balanced budget amendment.  (