And I would say to the Senator from Ohio that when you look back in history, since 1939 when we had this debt ceiling, President after President has extended the debt ceiling because the cost of government--the debt of the United States--has generally gone up in most administrations.  The record holder for extending the debt ceiling in U.S. history since 1939: President Ronald Reagan, on 18 different occasions during an 8-year period of time, extended the debt ceiling. During his administration, we tripled our national debt, and so we needed to keep borrowing. So to say this debt ceiling extension is the product of a Democratic President is to misstate the case. Every President has faced it. Ronald Reagan asked for those debt ceiling extensions more than any other President. When it comes to incurring debt in 8 years in office, Ronald Reagan has the record for tripling the national debt, and coming in second is George W. Bush for doubling the national debt while he was in office and asking on seven different occasions to extend the debt ceiling.  The point I am making is that President Obama has asked to extend the debt ceiling, and there is ample history--some 89 different times--that it has been done, and it is done to pay for obligations we have already made, debts we have already incurred.  Now what happens if we don't extend the debt ceiling? Well, what would happen if the Durbin family of Springfield, IL, did not make our mortgage payment on our home this month? Not good. We are likely to get a call from the bank at some point saying: You probably overlooked it, but there was a mortgage payment due. And if you said: We are just not going to pay it, we are not going to continue to borrow money from your bank, they would say there are consequences. And the same thing is true if you don't extend the debt ceiling.  If we don't extend the debt ceiling of the United States and authorize the President to borrow money to meet our obligations, two things will happen. The credit report of the United States of America is not going to look good the next day. The same thing is true for individuals and families: If you don't pay your bills, your credit report doesn't look so hot. What is the difference? For the United States of America, it means the AAA credit rating we have enjoyed throughout our history will be in danger. It means the interest rates charged to the United States for our own debt will go up and interest rates across the economy will go up, affecting every family and business in America that borrows money, which would be most families and businesses.  Raising interest rates with this high rate of unemployment is exactly the wrong thing to do. Every single day, the Federal Reserve, under Ben Bernanke and his Board of Governors,sits down and tries to figure out a way to make interest rates low so the economy will grow and jobs will be created. If we have a self-inflicted wound of not increasing the debt ceiling, the net result will be a higher interest rate on our government and higher interest rates on families and businesses. A 1-percent increase--1-percent increase--in the interest rate paid by our government on its debt costs us $130 billion a year--1 percent.  We are running the risk, by missing the deadline of August 2, of raising that interest rate, killing jobs, making it more difficult for businesses to expand, and increasing the deficit. Can we imagine three worse outcomes at this moment in our history?  So when Members of the Senate and the House come and make these pious pronouncements of ``I am never going to vote for an extension of the debt ceiling,'' they are jeopardizing our economic recovery and the debt we face.  Some of them have said: I will tell you what. I will vote for a debt ceiling if we can amend the Constitution and put in a balanced budget amendment.  Throughout my time of service in the House and the Senate, I have never--underline ``never''--voted for a balanced budget amendment and here is the reason: We don't need the Constitution to tell us what to do. We know what we need to do. We should have the will to do it. For those who have been guilty of voting for all this spending and now want a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, it reminds me of the person who says: I will not promise I will not steal again, but I will vote for the Ten Commandments. Well, great. Wouldn't it be better if they changed their conduct and the way they acted? Wouldn't it be better if Congress dealt with this budget deficit forthrightly? And we can.  For those who say we don't have a very good track record, they are right. But efforts are underway on the part of what is known as the Group of 6, which is expanding in size, which is trying to, on a bipartisan basis--Democrats and Republicans--come up with a way through this budget deficit problem. It is not easy. We have been at it for more than 6 months. We have produced a plan which is now being carefully scrutinized and will be worked on, I am sure, for a long time to come, but it moves us in the direction of $4 trillion in deficit reduction. It does it by putting everything on the table--everything--including spending cuts, entitlement programs, and revenue.  Spending cuts are easy compared to the other two--easier for us, I might add, because they generally involve future spending, and we make the reductions thinking, perhaps, it will not have the negative impact in the future that some imagine.  When it comes to the entitlement programs, I think we deal with a different mindset when it comes to the American people. I believe Social Security and Medicare have become even more important to American families than they were 25 years ago because of the vulnerability of families today. Many families planned for their retirement and saved some money and maybe they had a pension plan at work and then they had Social Security. Well, over the years, perhaps the savings took a hit when the stock market went down some 30 percent a few years ago. Many of the pension plans didn't survive corporate restructuring or bankruptcy, and Social Security was the last game in town for a lot of the people retiring.  So when we talk about changing Social Security, people all across America--40 million or 50 million Americans--perk up and say: Senator, what do you have in mind because we are counting on it and we don't want you to mess it up.  Here is what I can say about Social Security. Untouched, with no changes--no changes--Social Security will make every promised payment with a cost-of-living adjustment for 25 years--25 years. That is pretty good. There isn't another program in government that can say the same. But what happens at the end of 25 years? Then the trouble starts. We start running out of money and reducing Social Security payments 22 percent. About one-fifth--or a little more--of the payment a person is receiving today would disappear in 2 years. So what we are talking about in all the deficit conversations is to find ways to extend the life and solvency of Social Security.  There are ways to do it. We have talked about a variety of different ways to do it. Any savings in Social Security will stay in Social Security. It is similar to Las Vegas. We are going to make sure the savings we put in Social Security will be reinvested in the program to make it stronger longer.  I also want the program to be fair--we all do--in terms of beneficiaries, particularly the most vulnerable beneficiaries. About 20 percent of Social Security beneficiaries--the lowest 20 percent--are below the poverty line, even after they get the Social Security check. We need to change that. We shouldn't allow that to happen. These are mainly elderly people who, with the helping hands of our government and Social Security, should be lifted above the poverty level.  Medicare is much the same. If we don't deal with Medicare, the increasing cost of health care is going to cause that program to run into trouble. What we need to do is to make certain at the end we protect the benefits under Medicare but find ways to reduce the cost. We have to reward value rather than volume when it comes to medical treatment, and we have to keep our promise to the Medicare beneficiaries.  There have been proposals made. One was made by the House Republicans in their budget, the so-called Paul Ryan budget, which would have dramatically changed Medicare. Out-of-pocket expenditures by senior citizens would have more than doubled to $6,000 a year. So $500 a month, by a person who is retired, can be a hardship, if not an impossibility. Even worse, the House Republican budget would have taken Medicare as we know it and turned it upside down and said: In the future, under the House Republican plan, Medicare is going to be managed in the tender loving arms of private health insurance companies. I don't think most Americans feel a sense of confidence or relief to hear that.  So as we begin this debate this afternoon on the so-called cut, cap, and balance, the point I wish to make is this: We should not be considering a plan which does not put in specific language a balanced budget amendment but asks Members of the Senate to vote for a multiple choice test as to what the next amendment to the Constitution will look like. Secondly, we should carefully scrutinize every word of that amendment. Those who have say they are poorly drafted and have no place in the most important document in America. Third, let's accept the responsibility to do what we were elected to do--to reduce spending, to bring this budget to balance, and to do it in a sensible and humane way. The notion we would somehow amend our Constitution and wait for three-fourths of the States to ratify it is, in my mind, not responsible.  I am going to oppose this. I am not going to oppose efforts to reduce our deficit, but I am going to oppose this notion that somehow a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution is going to be our salvation. As the old Pogo cartoon used to say: We have met the enemy and they are us.  We have to do this ourselves--Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  