President, I know Senator Grassley is waiting and I am going to be brief. I thank him for his indulgence.  But when Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio came to the floor to speak of John Glenn, I could not help but stay, and I am glad I did. First, for those who were listening, the good news is we are celebrating his birthday. He is still alive and well, with Annie, and we are sure happy that is the case.  When I was just getting started in politics, 1982, I was running for Congress in Springfield, IL, and Senator John Glenn called and said: I am going to come and campaign for you. I cannot tell you how excited I was to meet him face to face in my hometown. He is truly an American hero. For all his service to the United States, a naval pilot, Marine pilot in World War II, in the Korean war, our first man into space, an astronaut who reprised his performance at the age of 77. He went back into space. It tells you what kind of person he is, his courage and his strength, his physical strength that he could do that.  I had the good fortune of being on the floor of the Senate for my orientation in 1996, and your predecessor, Mr. President, Senator Robert Byrd, would sit in that chair and tell all the new Members and their spouses the history of the Senate. I sat right over here, and Loretta sat next to me. At one point, Senator Byrd said: Open that desk drawer in front of you. You are going to see a great Senate tradition. Remember how the teachers told you, don't write on the desks. Well, the Senators never got the message.  Inside virtually every desk on this floor is the name of the Senator who sat in the desk, scratched in the wood by the Senator at the bottom of the drawer. He said, pull out the drawer on the desk and see whose name is in there. Sure enough, it was John Glenn's. It was his desk I was sitting at. Next to it was Paul Douglas, the man I worked for as a college intern, who inspired me to get started in public life. So I have that desk today. I am honored to have it and to have added my name to the desk drawer of these two great men.  I didn't realize at the time that not only would I be able to have this desk, but I would actually serve with John Glenn. I think there have been fewer than 1,300 men and women who have had the honor to be in the Senate. Many have vanished into history and will never be remembered for anything significant. That is not true of John Glenn. What he has done in his public life is set an example to everybody who aspires to this job. He literally risked his life for this country over and over. He is a humble, quiet, friendly person, and he is dedicated to Annie. The two of them have a relationship, as President Obama said, that is extraordinary in American life.  The fact that I got to know him, got to serve with him, and he helped launch me on this political journey I am on today is something I will never, ever forget. I wish John Glenn, our former colleague, a happy birthday, and thank him again and again for all the service he has given to this great Nation. He has made America a better place. I am honored to have been one of his colleagues.  