I see the Senator from Ohio in the Chamber.  The holiday season is upon us, and a lot of us are thinking about our families, and we are thinking about being with them as quickly as we can. It is a time of year that has a special significance for so many of us. But what was made clear by President Obama yesterday--and my colleagues should take note--we are not going home forChristmas, Hanukkah, or any holiday season until we have done our job for the people of this country.  Millions of people in Illinois and across America are counting on Congress to extend the payroll tax cut. What does it mean in my State? With an average income of $50,000 a year, it is worth more than $1,000 a year to those families. It is worth about $125 to $150 a month to have a payroll tax cut--money that working families, struggling from paycheck to paycheck, desperately need to fill the gas tank, to pay the utility bills, to provide clothing for their kids, to make sure they can stay in their home. These are the basics.  No Member of Congress is going to be allowed to go home and ignore the imposition of such a new payroll tax on America. President Obama met with the Democratic leaders of the Senate yesterday, and he said point-blank--he has told the First Lady, Michelle, and his girls that, if necessary, they can have their Christmas vacation in Hawaii, which they go to each year, by themselves, and he will wait here until this job is done. I hope that does not happen for the sake of his family or for the sake of any family of any Member of Congress, but in order to avoid that, we have to do the right and responsible thing.  This afternoon, there will be a vote on the payroll tax cut offered by Senator Casey of Pennsylvania. It is a payroll tax cut that would help millions of America's working families have more to spend and help the economy to recover. And he pays for it. He does not add to the deficit. He pays for it by imposing a surtax--listen closely--on the second million dollars earned by a person in a year, not the first million. You do not pay a penny on the first million you earn. On the second million, you will pay a surtax, and I think it is 2 percent, maybe less.  The Republicans have said: Absolutely unacceptable. We will not allow you to impose this onerous tax on these people.  People who are already making $20,000 a week, we cannot ask them to pay 2 percent more on the next dollar they make? I do not think it is unreasonable. And if it leads to a payroll tax cut that helps families across this country, if the economy continues to recover even at a faster pace, if we see more business activity and business life and more people working, do you know what is going to happen? Those same wealthy people will prosper again, as they always do. It is in their best interests for this economy to get well. For our Republican friends to fold their arms and say: We are just not going to let you touch the wealthiest people in America, is an irresponsible position.  Senator Casey has led this effort. It is the second effort we have made. We had one last week. The Republicans offered their alternative last week. It had 20 votes on the floor of the Senate--20 out of 47 Republican Senators. Twenty voted for it. They want to bring it up again today. They will probably get more than 20 votes this time, but it is pretty clear that the Republican Senators are halfhearted in their support of this Republican alternative.  One Republican Senator from Maine had the courage to step across the aisle last week and join us. We salute Senator Collins for doing that. We hope others will do it today.  We can bring this challenge to a close the right way by extending the payroll tax cut, paying for it with a tax on the wealthiest people in America. We can do our job and go home and be with our families. If Republicans will not come to the table to work with us on a reasonable compromise, I am afraid the American people will know very clearly who is to blame for continuing a tax on working families across America.  The facts are that we want working Americans to have a good year, get through a difficult time, and the economy to recover.  We should be doing this on a bipartisan basis. The President said: Roll out your Christmas trees and blankets here in the Senate because you are going to stay here, even through the holidays if necessary. We are not going to go home to celebrate until we can celebrate with American families who are counting on us across America.  I yield the floor.  