I know it because it is right across the border from Illinois. I have relatives and friends who live in the area. I like Paul. I served with him on the Bowles-Simpson deficit commission. We spent a lot of time together. He is a very bright person, and he has been given a big assignment in the House of Representatives as chairman of the Budget Committee. He and I have different views of the world and of politics, but I respect him very much for his intelligence.  He has laid out a budget plan for House Republicans that is very specific in the goals he has set for America. There are some aspects on which Paul and I agree. We agree on the fact that we are facing a deficit crisis. We cannot continue to borrow 40 cents for every dollar we spend. It is unsustainable. We borrow the money from countries such as China. China is a nation that is hard charging and competing with the United States, and they are one of our major creditors. That is a delicate position to be in, when a country that one is competing with for jobs and economic growth also happens to be its banker, its creditor. That is the case. We can't sustain that. As we watch our national debt increase, we understand we have to take serious measures to deal with it.  This morning, in a bipartisan meeting of Senators with the President, we had the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, Kent Conrad, describe our current situation. At this point in time, about 14 percent of our gross domestic product is coming into the government in revenue, which is the lowest percentage in 60 years, and expenditures represent about 24 percent of our gross domestic product. That 10 percent difference between revenue and expenditure equals deficit. We have to reach a point where we are prepared to cut spending and make changes that will lead to a more stable economy and deal with our deficit honestly.  There were two State legislators who wrote a letter to the New York Times several weeks ago that caught my attention, a Democrat and Republican. They were talking about their State challenge, and they said: We have come to the conclusion that we can't cut our way out of it, and we can't tax our way out of it. We have to think our way out of it. We have to focus on changes in State government policy that reduce waste and inefficiency and move us toward a more solid position.  I think the same lesson applies in Washington. We have to be thinking about what we need to do to move forward so our children and grandchildren don't inherit the deficit we now face, a deficit which, of course, is growing by the day.  I always like to give a little historical perspective so people understand where we are and how we arrived. I ask people to think back to the year 2000, if they can. In the year 2000, President William Jefferson Clinton was leaving office, and President George W. Bush was coming into office. Snapshot: What was the state of America then? The snapshot would tell us that we had a national debt in the year 2000 of $5 trillion. The accumulated net national debt of America when President Clinton left office was $5 trillion. We were in our third year of generating a surplus; that is, more money coming into the government than being spent. The surplus was being put into the Social Security trust fund and buying more years of solvency for the trust fund.  President Clinton, as he left office, handed the keys to the White House to President Bush and said: This coming fiscal year, 2001, you will have a $120 billion surplus. Welcome to Washington.  Now, fast-forward 8 years later. The year is 2008. President George W. Bush is leaving office, handing the keys to the White House to President Barack Obama. What was the national debt? It was $5 trillion when President Bush came into office, and as he left the projected debt for the next year was $11 trillion. In 8 years President Bush had more than doubled the national debt, and we were witnessing record deficits. He said to President Obama: Here is next year's budget. Incidentally, it is $1.2 trillion in deficit.  How did this reversal occur in only 8 years? It occurred because the policies of the Bush administration called for waging two wars and not paying for them and doing something that had never been done in U.S. history by any President: tax cuts in the middle of a war. A war is over and above the ordinary expenses of government. If we cut revenues at the same time, it makes it impossible to balance the budget. In fact, it drove us to record-high deficits. That is what President Obama inherited, an $11 trillion national debt and a deficit for the first year in office of $1.2 trillion and losing hundreds of thousands of jobs to unemployment as he was being sworn in.  Fortunately, the recession we face has slowed down and started to stabilize. As of last Friday, we are seeing the lowest unemployment rate in 2 years. We are coming out of this slowly, but we are coming out of it. We are making a recovery.  The point we made in the deficit commission--and it needs to be repeated--is, as we chart a glidepath to bring us out of deficit, let's get the recession behind us. Let's get the 14 million unemployed Americans back to work. We will not balance the budget with 14 million Americans unemployed. These are people who need the basic necessities of life and are not working and paying taxes. That creates a drain on the Treasury. We need to move toward restoring jobs, creating good-paying jobs as part of our overall agenda.  That is the lead-in to Congressman Paul Ryan proposing a budget resolution on his side of the rotunda. He released it today. As we take a look at this resolution, where it leads, we see that Congressman Ryan claims that he will reduce the deficit by $4 trillion over the next 10 years compared to the President's budget, but he achieves this solely through spending cuts. His cuts are focused. Instead of looking at all of the spending of government, he takes a small amount out of the Pentagon spending, some $78 billion. In light of the Pentagon budget, that is a nick, a fractional amount. I want America to be safe. I want our security to never be in question, but we waste a lot of money at the Pentagon with contracting out and with things we should not buy. We could save a lot of money there.  Congressman Ryan's budget does not address that. He leaves, unfortunately, that aspect of the budget untouched, largely; $78 billion over 5 years is hardly an effort to try to reduce waste and efficiency in the Department of Defense.  Then he turns to the domestic discretionary budget. That represents 12 percent of the overall budget. That has health care, education, medical research, things of that nature, in it. That is where he makes the biggest cuts in the coming 5 and 10 years.  When it comes to the revenue side of the equation, should, for example, those who are well off, millionaires, pay higher taxes? No. The budget proposed by Congressman Ryan reduces the top marginal rate for individuals and corporations to 25 percent, from 39.6 percent, producing an enormous windfall with that reduction to the wealthiest individuals and corporations, even as spending for programs that benefit low-income families, such as Pell grants for students and low-income families to go to college, are being slashed under his budget. Because the tax plan is revenue neutral, the plan must by definition include tax increases for lower income Americans to pay for the tax cuts which Congressman Ryan's budget gives to the wealthiest 2 percent.  Is that the key to our future? Cutting taxes for the wealthiest people, raising taxes for lower and middle-income families? I don't think that is fair. Those of us who love this country and feel blessed that we were given a chance to live here and do well should accept the reality that we pay back something to this great country and keep it safe and growing in the right direction. Congressman Ryan's budget resolution goes in the opposite direction, cutting taxes for those who have been well off, those who are well-to-do.  What troubles me the most about the Ryan budget resolution is what it does to health care. We cannot seriously address the deficit and debt without addressing the cost of health care. As the Presiding Officer knows, we spent a lot of time debating that over the previous 2 years. We came up with a plan to try to at least reduce the rate of growth in health care costs. I think we achieved some good things. We tried to bring more people into coverage when it came to health care and fewer people showing up at hospitals with no insurance, no payment, actually having their medical bills transferred to everyone else.  Chairman Ryan released a budget proposal for fiscal year 2012 that would repeal the health reform law which we passed and was signed by the President. It would end the Medicare and Medicaid Programs as we know them today. His proposal balances the budget, unfortunately, at the expense of those who can least afford it: low-income families, seniors, and people with disabilities.  First, Chairman Ryan proposes repealing the entire Affordable Care Act. That means all the consumer protections and benefits put in place by that law would disappear. What does it mean to the average family? Right now we changed the law so young Americans can stay on their parents' health insurance policies until age 27. Having lived through this experience of putting kids through college, it is a real worry. One's son or daughter graduates from college, they no longer have health insurance through the ordinary means, either through college or through the family, and now they are on their own looking for a job. If you are like most parents, you worry. They are one diagnosis, one accident away from serious medical bills. You want them to have the best care.  I can't tell my colleagues how many times I asked my son and daughter: Do you have health insurance now that you are finished with college?  Dad, I feel great. I am healthy.  I wish we could all be so confident. We changed the law so that young people could stay under their parents' health insurance plans until age 27. That is reasonable.  The Ryan Republican budget resolution would repeal that. I don't think that is helpful.  We also have what is called the doughnut hole in Medicare where seniors receive payments for prescription drugs. There is a gap in coverage called the doughnut hole. We start filling that in so seniors have seamless coverage so they can have the prescriptions they need to stay healthy, independent, and strong, out of the hospital, out of the nursing home, in the life they want to lead. Unfortunately, that effort would be repealed by the Ryan Republican budget resolution.  In addition, we put in the law a provision that people with preexisting conditions wouldn't be denied health insurance. Initially, we protect children. If you have a child who is diabetic, has a history of cancer or some other disease, it might be next to impossible to buy health insurance. We protect that family and say children under the age of 18 cannot be discriminated against because of a preexisting condition. The Ryan proposal would eliminate that protection as well.  It also means that health care delivery system reforms put in place by the law, things such as bundling payments to medical providers and reducing reimbursements to hospitals with high rates of infection would go away.  These changes are designed to lower health care costs, but the Ryan proposal would eliminate them. His plan is simply cost-shifting, not cost saving, because we had scored by the Congressional Budget Office--a bipartisan agency--a savings of $120 billion in the first 10 years from our health care reform. So instead of reducing the deficit, Chairman Ryan's proposal will increase the deficit by at least $210 billion by repealing health care reform.  Next, Chairman Ryan proposes converting Medicaid into a block grant program. He says this will help the States rein in costs with more flexibility. In fact, it just shifts the costs to States, low-income beneficiaries, and medical providers. When we look at the dollar amounts, he would be reducing Medicaid reimbursement back to the States by 28 percent.  Who are some of the beneficiaries of Medicaid in Illinois, in Pennsylvania, and New Hampshire? Well, the beneficiaries include a lot of elderly people living in nursing homes. These are folks who no longer have a savings account to turn to. They have a Medicare payment and a Medicaid payment, and that is it. If we reduce the reimbursement under Medicaid, unfortunately, many of them cannot stay in the nursing homes and convalescent centers in which they now live. So we have to think carefully about the way we deal with Medicaid.  By my estimation, my staff's estimation, the $770 billion cut in Medicaid with the Ryan budget proposal is about a 28-percent cut in reimbursement for Medicaid in the years to come.  That is not the worst part. The worst part, I am afraid, is Chairman Ryan proposes ending Medicare as we know it. Back in the 1960s, the creation of Medicare was the answer to the prayers of many senior citizens. They had Social Security, which provided them with a basic monthly payment that might help them maintain their independence and continue on if their pension or savings did not cover life's expenses, but then came medical expenses. With Medicare we said: If you will pay in through payroll taxes through a lifetime, when you retire you will be covered with Medicare insurance.  Story after story has been told in my family and others of people who found themselves not Medicare eligible but without health insurance. I had a brother--a late brother--who had heart issues. He retired as a member of management from Boeing aircraft and then had a massive heart attack and surgery, and then his health insurance was canceled before he reached age 65. He was worried, worried he would have to dip into savings if he ever had to go back to the hospital. Fortunately for him, he did not have another problem until he reached Medicare eligibility.  So Medicare ends up being a lifeline for many seniors; otherwise, they would see their savings exhausted which they planned to use for the rest of their lives and their security.  Chairman Ryan proposes ending Medicare as we know it and, instead, giving seniors subsidies to enroll in private health insurance plans. This might save some Federal funds, but that is because the Federal subsidy would not cover the full cost of private plans that are as good as Medicare.  I am glad to see Senator Bill Nelson of Florida on the Senate floor. My guess is, Medicare is a pretty important issue in Florida, and I think he probably has some strong feelings about this issue.  But what Chairman Ryan has proposed in the House budget resolution would mean seniors would lose the guaranteed benefits they have today. How much of a cut in benefits? Well, he is very explicit: 60 percent, a 60-percent cut in Medicare benefits for senior citizens. How is that going to work? How are we going to find ourselves in a situation where private health insurance companies are somehow going to provide 60 percent more in services for thecurrent cost? It is not likely to happen. This will not bring down overall health spending, incidentally. It just pushes the costs on to seniors and makes them sicker when they finally show up at the hospital.  In fact, Medicare provides health care for seniors at a price less than the same benefits cost in the private market. It is a popular program because it works.  The point I would like to make--and I see my colleague here; and I will yield the floor to him--is, I share Chairman Ryan's concern about the deficit and concern about health costs. But if we are going to be honest and deal with this, as I said at the outset, we cannot cut our way out of this problem. We cannot tax our way out of this problem. We have to think our way out of this problem. We have to find approaches that more effectively use the wonderful medical resources in this country at a savings.  We have to reward value when it comes to health care as opposed to volume. We have to make certain those who are ripping off current programs see that activity come to an end. If we work together on a bipartisan basis, we can achieve that. I hope we can do it on a bipartisan basis because it is the only way that will work. Trying to impose this by one party, whether it is in the continuing resolution or in the long-term budget resolution, is not likely to achieve the goals most Americans hope we achieve as Members of the Senate and Congress.  