President, the events of this week are an indication that much needs to be done in Washington to deal with the state of our economy. With 14 million Americans out of work, it is high time that both political parties find a way to develop a plan to move this country forward and to create jobs.  When the President spoke to Congress a little over 4 years ago, he laid out at least the foundation of a plan and later provided the details. But time and again, President Obama has said to the Republican leadership: I am open to your ideas. Bring them forward. Let's put them in a combined effort to make America a stronger nation and to find our way out of this recession.  Unfortunately, we have not heard suggestions from the other side. We had an important vote Tuesday night. Sadly, the Republican filibuster prevailed. Republicans, because they did not want to move the President's bill to consideration on the floor of the Senate, voted--every single one of them--against President Obama's efforts to put America back to work. I do not think that is going to be a position which is easily defended back home. Whether one agrees or disagrees with President Obama, the American people expect Democrats and Republicans to enter a dialog to help this country. We have to give on the Democratic side, and they should be prepared to give on the Republican side, and let's try to find some common ground. There are too many instances where we fight to a face-off and then leave.  The suggestion that yesterday's efforts to pass three free-trade agreements with South Korea, Panama, and Colombia are going to turn the economy around, I am not sure of being close to accurate. I supported two of those trade agreements, and I think they will help create jobs and business opportunities in America in the longer run but in the near term not likely so.  What we need to do is to work on what has been proven to be successful to move this economy forward. Let's start with the basics. Working families struggle from paycheck to paycheck. Many families do not have enough money to get by. They are using food pantries and other help to survive in this very tough economy. So President Obama said the first thing we need to do is to give a payroll tax cut to working families so they have more money to meet their needs. What it boils down to in Illinois, where the average income is about $53,000 a year, is the equivalent of about $1,600 a year in tax cuts for working families. That is about $130 a month, which many Senators may not notice but people who are struggling to fill the gas tank and put the kids in school can use $130 a month.  The President thinks that is an important part of getting America back on its feet and back to work, and I support it. That was one of the elements that was stopped by the Republican filibuster on Tuesday night.  The second proposal of the President is that we give tax breaks to businesses, particularly small businesses, to create an incentive for them to hire the unemployed, starting with our returning veterans. It is an embarrassment to think these men and women went overseas and risked their lives fighting an enemy and now have to come home and fight for a job. We ought to be standing by them, helping them to get to work, and that is one of the elements in the President's bill that was also defeated by the Republican filibuster on Tuesday night.  The President went on to say we ought to be investing our money in America. If we put people to work, let's build something that has long-term value. One of those he suggested was school modernization. I visited some schools around my State, and I am sure in the State of Colorado and other places there are plenty of school districts struggling because the tax base has been eroded by declining real estate values and these districts need a helping hand. When I went to Martin Grove and visited a middle school there, I found great teachers doing the best they could in classrooms where the tiles were falling from the ceiling and where the boiler room should be labeled an antique shop because it was a 50- or 60-year-old operation that was kept together with $150,000 of repairs each year. We ought to buy new equipment and install it in American schools so they can serve us for many years to come.  The same holds true in investing in our infrastructure, whether it is highways, bridges or airports. Make no mistake, our competitors around the world are building their infrastructure to beat the United States, and those who want us to retreat in this battle are going to be saddened by the consequences if they have their way. President Obama said invest this money in putting Americans to work to build our infrastructure, rebuild our schools, build our neighborhoods in a way that serves us for years to come.  The President is also sensitive to the fact that in many parts of America, including Illinois, there are school districts and towns that have had to lay off teachers and firefighters and policemen. It doesn't make us any safer, and it doesn't make our schools any more effective. Part of the President's jobs package is to make sure, for those teachers as well as policemen and firefighters, at least some of their jobs will be saved. In Illinois, over 14,000 of those jobs will be saved by the President's bill.  What really brings this bill to a screeching halt in the debate is the fact the President said we should pay for this. Let's come up with the money that is going to pay for the things I just described. And his proposal is a simple one. It says those who make over $1 million a year will pay a surtax of 5.6 percent--over $1 million a year in income. That is over $20,000 a week in income. These folks would pay a 5.6-percent surtax, and that surtax would pay for the jobs bill.  If the jobs bill works, and I believe it will, I guarantee a thriving American economy will be to the benefit of those same wealthy people. So asking them to sacrifice a little in this surtax is not too much to ask.  Unfortunately, although some 59 percent of Republicans support this millionaires' surtax, not one of them serves in the Senate. We need to have a bipartisan effort to make sure this is paid for in a reasonable way. The alternative we have heard from the other side that mounted this filibuster against President Obama's jobs bill is, we ought to return to the old way of doing things: tax cuts for wealthy people--not new burdens but tax cuts for wealthy people.  They argue the people who make over $1 million a year are the job creators. That is a phrase they use, ``job creators.'' A survey came out yesterday from the Government Accountability Office, and what it said was 1 percent of those making over $1 million a year actually own small businesses. Most of them are investors. Although there is, I am sure, a worthy calling in being an investor, they are not the job creators they are described to be.  So I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, this notion of protecting those making over $1 million a year at the expense of a jobs program to move America forward is backwards. We have to come together, and I hope we can start as early as next week. We have to find provisions in this jobs bill we can agree on.  I hope the Republicans would agree we should modernize our schools and build our infrastructure in this country. I hope they agree we should not shortchange our schools and our communities when they need teachers and policemen and firefighters. I hope they would agree that it is a national priority to put our returning veterans to work. I certainly think that should be a bipartisan issue.  But the filibuster this week that stopped the President's jobs bill has stopped the discussion. The trade bills yesterday will not make up the difference. We have to focus on putting Americans to work with good-paying jobs right here in our Nation, creating new consumer demand for goods and services which will help businesses at every single level. The President has put his proposal forward and has challenged our friends on the other side of the aisle to step up and put their proposals forward.  My suspicion is that most people in America would be delighted to see a breakthrough in Washington, DC, where Democrats and Republicans actually sat down at the same table and tried to work out a plan to put America back to work. We can do this. In order to do it we have to give on both sides. We have to forget about the election that is going to occur in November 2012 and focus on the state of America's economy right now in October 2011. If we put aside the campaign considerations and focus on the economy, I think we can get a lot done. I trust that there are some on the other side of the aisle who feel the same way. I hope they will break from their leadership on their filibuster and join us in this effort.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Blumenthal). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  