President, I thank the Senator from Texas and her cosponsor, the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Casey. They expressed the deep-felt sentiments of all of us. I am happy to be a cosponsor of this legislation.  I can assure the Senator from Texas that we have discussed this at length in our caucus, and there will be ample opportunity for all Members to join in an effort to make certain our men and women in uniform, who are risking their lives, will not be in any way disadvantaged by what is going on on Capitol Hill.  I share her frustration and anxiety. I have been listening and watching these negotiations now for weeks. I cannot believe we have reached this point--less than 3 hours from a government shutdown--when the differences are so minor, when there are so few things in disagreement. It is time, literally, for the Speaker of the House to come forward and accept the dollar amount he agreed to last night in the White House Oval Office, to accept that amount which dramatically cuts spending to help reduce our deficit.  I do not know why we have literally wasted this entire day in negotiations back and forth. Part of it was wasted, I am afraid, on this whole question of funding the access of women and families across America to health care. I understand that has been worked out now during the course of the day. The Speaker has considered a different approach to it, thank goodness.  Now is the time to close the deal. Now is the time to get our job done. Now is the time to not only stand up for the men and women in uniform--and they should be our first obligation--but stand up for so many others deserving of our help too. They are not covered by this bill. Right now, there are FBI agents in America risking their lives tracking drug dealers and terrorists who are about to learn at midnight that their jobs are in jeopardy, if not closed down, until Congress relents. The same thing is true about those in our intelligence community around the world. They may not wear a uniform, but they are literally risking their lives as well for the security of the United States in countries far and wide across this globe. The list just goes on and on.  We first think of our military, as we should, but they are not the only ones who are making great sacrifice for the safety of this country. When I think of their valor and courage, I wonder whether our leaders can summon the courage, particularly at this point I hope the Speaker can summon the courage to bring his caucus together and to vote, to avert this embarrassing--embarrassing--shutdown which will occur in less than 3 hours unless something happens.  I still believe it will. I still believe we have that chance, and I hope SenatorHutchison, who has been a leader on this issue, does not have to come to the floor again. I can assure her, before anything happens to disadvantage our troops, we will stand together in a bipartisan way, maybe on her bill, maybe on another bill, but we will stand in a bipartisan way to protect these troops. I thank her again for her leadership. There is evidence between her and Senator Casey that there is a strong bipartisan feeling that we need to get this job done before the Senate shuts down.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  