President. I haven't had a reply yet from Mr. Dimon. He called me. I called him back. That seems to be the end of our exchange. But I would like to hear his response. I encourage him to share my letter with the same shareholders and customers to whom he has written. After all, in his shareholder letter, Mr. Dimon said he wanted ``analysis in the full light of day'' of the Durbin amendment, so I figured he would want his audience to be informed on my position. I don't think Chase has done that yet. I hope they will.  I know the banking industry prefers for the giant Wall Street banks to stay in the background when it comes to this fight because they are not that popular. Estimates indicate that about half of all debit swipe fees go to just 10 big banks and the Big Three, Bank of America, Chase, and Wells Fargo, make the most of all, well over $1 billion a year each. But the banking industry knows the public isn't happy with big banks, so the industry is using small banks and credit unions as their public face in this battle. Industry argues that even though my amendment exempts all but the largest 1 percent of banks from fee regulation, the exemption will not work and small banks are going to get hurt. Well, this letter makes it clear that when it comes to retailers and merchants, there will not be any pain inflicted. They are, in fact, exempt under the law and they will be exempt in practice.  As I said, I received a letter from 20 of the Nation's largest retail associations that reaffirms what I just said. I think the letter is compelling. In this letter, these merchant groups make it clear they don't have the contractual authority, the practical ability or the economic incentive to discriminate against small bank or credit union debit cards. They point out that Visa and MasterCard contracts impose strong penalties on them even if they try. Second, they point out that in many, if not most, retail environments, the merchant doesn't have the practical ability to distinguish between a small bank or a large bank card at the point of sale.  I had Wendy Chronister, whose family owns a chain of gas stations in downstate Illinois, come to my office and talk about this. I have known her mom and dad a long time, and Wendy is running the business and running it well. She said: Senator, for goodness' sake, when they put the plastic on the counter we take it. We need the sales. We are not going to argue with them about who issued the credit card or debit card. That just stands to reason. They are not going to ask them to put their debit cards away when they come to a cash register. They will lose sales and customers if they do it.  Finally, the merchants make the observation that most customers only have one debit card, so if you want to make a sale, they are going to take that debit card.  What I have tried to do with this letter is to show that those on my side of this debate--the small businesses, the retail merchants, convenience stores, hotels, and restaurants across America--are trying to be reasonable. Had the credit card companies and major banks been reasonable on this issue, I never would have introduced this amendment. They refuse--refuse--to bargain with the retailers and merchants. They said it was a ``take it or leave it,'' and they did it in the obscurity of retail contracts and regulations which are almost impossible to work through.  I think those who are asking for a delay and study of this issue should be called out for what they are asking. Every month they delay means customers and consumers across America will pay over $1 billion more in these fees on debit cards--money taken away from retailers, taken away from small business, and taken away from our economy. When these small businesses have the advantage they can get under the Durbin amendment, they are going to be able to be more profitable, expand their businesses, and hire more people. How many times have we heard a speech on the floor that the key to economic recovery in America is small business. If you truly believe, then you cannot vote for this 2\1/2\-year delay and study of this issue, if you truly believein small business. I think the issue is very clear.  I urge my colleagues not to fall for this game the banks and card companies are playing. Don't let them delay and derail the swipe fee reform consumers need so badly. The Senate has already voted to establish a process for interchange reform. We should let that process continue and we should let the Federal Reserve issue their rules, which they are planning to do in just a matter of weeks, and I think at that time we will see that there is a reasonable way to deal with this that doesn't create a disadvantage for community banks and credit unions.  (