President, let me say to the Senator from Louisiana, she has been a clarion and consistent voice on this issue because she has seen it and lived it. Anyone representing the State of Louisiana can give a lesson to all of us about what happens when the unexpected occurs and people lose their homes, their businesses, their lives. They are uprooted.  We had some folks from New Orleans in Chicago. They were leaving New Orleans to come to one of our fabulous winters because they had nowhere to go, and I saw the look in their eyes. They did not know where to turn. At that moment in time, many people across America count on the American family. That is who we are and we represent that family in the Senate.  We stand for this country and for the families who are suffering through no fault of their own. When the Senator from Louisiana comes and tells us: Becareful when we set a standard that says before we can send the first dollar to someone who has lost their home or their business or their farm or whatever we have to come back to Washington and go through a budget debate and decide where we are going to cut--out of money for education and medical research and the like. That is not the way it has ever happened. Emergency spending is emergency spending.  I have lived through it--nothing like what my colleague went through in Louisiana, but the floods of 1993 in downstate Illinois, I was in pretty decent shape when it was over for all the sandbags I filled and pushed around with thousands of volunteers. We saw what happened. There were terrible things that happened, and I think the Senator from Louisiana would agree with me that flooding is one of the worst. It doesn't go away. It sits there destroying people's homes and everything they own, and when it finally goes away, what a mess. Also, in the Midwest, we have a little thing called a tornado. I grew up as a kid in downstate Illinois listening for the siren and heading for the basement. We did that I don't know how many times, sometimes in the middle of the night. But look at what happened to Joplin, MO. This beautiful town in Missouri was almost wiped off the map by a tornado.  What do we tell the people who survive the next day? Sorry, Congress has to meet and debate and we will get back to you? Of course not. We stand and help people--scores of volunteers, hundreds of volunteers who come in for the Red Cross and so many other agencies and all the first responders. Governors don't say: We will see if the Federal Government will pay for this before we go in and help and provide lifesaving efforts. They do it, anticipating we will stand with them.  Now Congressman Cantor of Virginia decides there should be a new approach: We need Congress to get together and debate before we help people who are victims of disasters.  That is a serious mistake. We have to stand by people, whether they live in red States or blue States, whether they are Democrats, Republicans, Independents. We stand by one another and that is critically important.  Let me say to the Senator from Louisiana, I think the thing I noticed over the weekend in Illinois, as I traveled around, was how fed up people are with what is going on in Washington on Capitol Hill. When they see us break down into another cussing match over shutting down the Government, they say: For goodness' sake, grow up--grow up and accept your responsibility.  We are here today accepting a grownup responsibility. The House of Representatives is not here today. I hope they are going to send a message to us that they found a solution or, if not, I hope they are planning on returning this week because we have work to do.  On Saturday, the spending for the Government ends. Once again, we face a shutdown, a shutdown which would cause unnecessary hardship to innocent people all across America. If you think you have heard this script before or watched this movie before, you have. This is the third time this year the House leadership has pushed a shutdown in front of us and said: That is it. Take it or leave it.  That is no way to run a Congress, and it is no way to run a great nation. We need to come together and agree. I will tell everyone what Senator Reid, the leader on the Democratic side, did to try to reach an agreement. We had originally asked for $7 billion additional money for FEMA for next year. I will bet we need it. But Senator Reid said: In an effort to compromise, I will cut that request in half. We can get back together if we need it. There was an effort in consensus and compromise. It was totally rejected by the House. That is not a good way to act.  I also wish to add to what the Senator from New York, Mr. Schumer, said earlier about this idea that the only way to pay for disasters is to eliminate jobs in America. How wrong is that? To go from a natural disaster to making our economic disaster worse? But that is what the House wanted to do. They wanted to eliminate jobs that are created by programs that have worked. Let me give an example.  This intelligent, fuel-efficient vehicle program has put money into major automobile manufacturers to create more manufacturing jobs in Illinois, where we have had more jobs, good-paying American jobs for workers, that cannot be shipped overseas, with a good salary and good benefits. What is wrong with that picture? Isn't that what we are hoping for the rest of America as well?  All across the Midwest, these car manufacturers have used this program and more than 40,000 jobs have been created and the House Republicans have said: Let's eliminate that and pay for disasters with it--totally upside-down thinking. We have to be thinking about helping those in distress, and we have to be thinking about creating jobs. We can do both.  I take no backseat when it comes to tackling the deficit and debt in this country. I have been engaged in this debate for quite a while now and intensely over the last year and a half. But every economist and every clear-thinking person has said, before we start serious deficit reduction, take care of our immediate needs--that would be the defense of America and responding to disasters--and make certain this recession is behind us. We cannot balance the budget with 14 million Americans out of work. So get busy creating jobs. And we are going to. The President has come up with a proposal which I think makes sense, giving a payroll tax cut to working families. In my State of Illinois, where the average family makes about $53,500 a year, President Obama's payroll tax cut would mean an additional $1,500 a year for them, which is going to be about $125 a month in their paychecks. I bet they can use it as they watch the price of gasoline go up to $4.50 and go back down and go up again. They can use it.  It also said: Let's give small businesses a tax credit and a tax incentive to hire the unemployed. I know, we all know, creating jobs in America has to start with small business. The Senator from Louisiana heads up that committee. She knows it. She has been the most aggressive spokesperson for that cause of any in the Senate.  The same is true of where we are spending our money. We should be investing in America. In the suburbs of Chicago, in Morton Grove, IL, at the Golf Middle School, they took me on a tour of the 60-year-old school, and it is hard to imagine how they keep it going. They took me down to the boiler room. I don't think too many Senators spend too much time in boiler rooms in schools today, but I did, looking at a 60-year-old boiler. The fellow, Jim Burke, who keeps it running, said it cost them $180,000 last year to keep this old, antique system going. They need a new HVAC system for the hundreds of kids going to this school. That is an example of buying products in America, installing them in America, and investing in America, so kids can be educated and can succeed in America. That is a plan we all should endorse in both political parties.  In just a few minutes, we will have a vote on the floor, and I hope we will vote in a bipartisan fashion in a clear voice to say we are going to stand behind the victims of disasters across America, the American family can come together, and we are not going to cut jobs in order to reduce the pain people feel in disasters.  We can do both, create American jobs and make certain those who are struggling through those disasters have the help they need.  I yield the floor.  