President, I see others standing. I will be brief and just say a few words in support of the so-called talking filibuster. In the world of the most arcane things that people can concentrate on, this book would be on the top 10 best-seller list. It is the Senate Manual with the rules of procedure and the rules of precedents of the Senate. Unless you live here and work here and follow the Senate, most people never, ever have any glancing occasion to even observe these rules, let alone pay any attention to them.  Why are we doing this when we have all these people unemployed in America and we have so many challenges at home and abroad? Why are we taking the time of the Senate to talk about this book and the rules included? Many of us, including my friend--and that term is sometimes used loosely here but I mean it literally, know what happens on the floor of the Senate has an effect on America and the world. If we do our job well, we are going to solve some of the problems of the world. If we do it poorly, the exact opposite is the case.  What my colleagues from Colorado and Oregon and New Mexico have urged us to do is to think about whether we can do things better in the Senate. The history of the filibuster in the Senate is an interesting one. There was a time when any Senator could stand up and object and stop the proceedings of the Senate. Then Woodrow Wilson, as President, suggested that we should arm the Merchant Marine so that our ships could fire back if the Germans and others fired at them. He asked for legal authority for that. He brought that issue to the Senate before World War I, and two or three pacifist Senators stood up and said: No, we don't want these ships to have guns because that will drag us into a war.  At that point, Wilson said: I want to take that issue to the American people. Three Senators should not be able to stop that from a vote. He got his way.  At the end of the day, the rule was initiated--the cloture rule--that said two-thirds of the body could decide to move forward even if one or more Senators objected. That cloture rule of two-thirds guided the Senate until the 1960s, and the civil rights debate ended up amending that rule from 67, under that day's count, to 60. So 60 has been the guiding way to end a filibuster. It has been that way the entire time I and the Senator from Tennessee have served in the Senate.  What is being suggested is fundamental. I would at least say I disagree in principle with the Senator from Tennessee, respectfully, and here is what I believe. I think the movants of this idea believe this: If the Senator from Tennessee believes in his heart of hearts that something is so bad, so controversial, so wrong that he wants to stop the business of the Senate in considering and debating an amendment or a bill--if he feels that strongly about the value or principle that would lead him to want to stop the Senate, what we are being told is that he ought to be willing to stand here and say why.  Currently, you can initiate a filibuster and close down the Senate, where for 30 hours nothing happens except the drone--the lovely drone--of quorum calls. People across America tune in and say: What is happening there? Are they going to actually pay these men and women for doing nothing another day?  A person who initiates a filibuster can literally leave the floor and head out for dinner, and the Senate is stopped cold. What is being suggested is that if you believe it, if it is important enough to stop the business of the Senate, for goodness' sakes, stand up and tell us why. Defend yourself. Stand up for your principles.  I remind the Senator from Tennessee--I think he was a Member at this time--that one of our colleagues, who will go unnamed but is from his side of the aisle, initiated a filibuster once which forced us to come in on a Saturday--as you say, it is a rare occurrence here--and to be here and have over 60 votes because of his filibuster. That Senator didn't show up. He initiated the filibuster and didn't stick around. He was asked later about it, and he said: I had something important to do back home.  