I know Senator McCain is anxious for me to conclude and there is something he is anxious to do quickly, but I will try to do this in appropriate time for the gravity of the issue before us.  But to suggest the only way we can get information about a terrorist attack on the United States by al-Qaida and other sources is to turn to the military commissions and tribunals and not use the FBI and not use the Department of Justice defies logic and experience. Abdulmutallab, the Underwear Bomber, a member of al-Qaida, failed in his attempt to bring down that plane, interrogated successfully by the FBI, basically told them everything he knew over a period of time. It worked. To argue that you cannot do this defies the experience with Abdulmutallab.  I want to say a word about the Hamdi case. I listened as Senator Feinstein read the Supreme Court decision. I do not think the Supreme Court decision stands for what was said by the Senator from South Carolina. I think what he said was inaccurate. I do not believe Justice O'Connor went to the extent of saying you can hold an American citizen indefinitely.  Let me also say when it comes to the Hamdi case, Hamdi was captured in Afghanistan. He was captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan, not the United States. And Justice O'Connor, in that opinion, was very careful to say the Hamdi decision was limited to ``individuals who fought against the United States in Afghanistan as part of the Taliban.'' She was not talking about American citizens and their rights. She was talking about this specific situation.  Now let's go to the case of Jose Padilla. Jose Padilla, some will argue, is a precedent for the indefinite detention of American citizens. But look at what happened in the case of Padilla, a U.S. citizen placed in military custody in the United States. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, one of the most conservative courts in our Nation, upheld Padilla's military detention.  Then, before the Supreme Court had the chance to review the Fourth Circuit's decision, the Bush administration transferred Padilla out of military custody and prosecuted him in an article III criminal court.  I do not think that Hamdi or Padilla makes the case that has been made on this floor.  I want to say I think Senator Feinstein is proper in raising this amendment. I think the fact is that Hamdi is a U.S. citizen, but it does not stand for the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens as this new law would allow.  It troubles me that as good, as professional, as careful as our government has been to keep America safe, we now have in a Defense authorization bill an attempt to change some of the most fundamental, constitutional principles in America. This bill went through a great committee, our Armed Services Committee, but not through the Judiciary Committee which has specific subject matter jurisdiction over our Constitution. It did not go through the Intelligence Committee. And for the record, the provisions in this bill--which some have said are not that significant, that much of a change--are opposed by this administration, opposed by the Secretary of Defense, Leon Panetta, who received a 100-to-nothing vote of confidence from the U.S. Senate when he was appointed, opposed by our Director of National Intelligence, who says these provisions will not make America safer but make it more difficult to protect America, and opposed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  I entered a letter from Director Muller in the Record yesterday, as well as the Department of Justice.  You have to ask yourself, if all of these agencies of government, which work day in, day out, 24-7 to keep us safe, tell us not to pass these provisions because it does not make America safer, it jeopardizes our security, why are we doing it?  Senator Feinstein has the right approach: Let us try to preserve some of the basic constitutional values here. I think we can. I hope my colleagues will take care before they vote against Feinstein. Despite the respect, which I share, that they have for our Armed Services Committee and its leadership--this is a matter of constitutional importance and gravity. It is important for us to take care and not to change our basic values in the course of debating a Defense authorization bill. Let's keep America safe but let's also respect the basic principle that American citizens are entitled to constitutional rights. The indefinite detention of an American citizen accused--not convicted, accused of terrorist activity--the indefinite detention runs counter to the basic principles of the Constitution we have sworn to uphold.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. Hagan). The Senator from Michigan.  