President, I don't know--I now have the floor, so I will proceed.  First, let me thank the Senator from Arizona. We have served together in the House and in the Senate. I respect him very much. I certainly have the highest respect, as well, for the Senator from Michigan. But I will tell my colleagues this: If the argument is, if we don't vote on this amendment tonight the security of the United States is in peril, that is a little hard to make because we are not going to finish this bill tonight, No. 1. No. 2, it is pretty clear the administration opposes this particular amendment, at least I have been told they do. No. 3, if we are talking about something as fundamental as changing some laws in this country relative to the U.S. Constitution, I have to agree with Senator Leahy, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and Senator Feinstein, the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, that this great body should take the time, debate the issue, and vote on it in a timely fashion.  I am not here to filibuster this matter, but I am here to discuss it.  To those who have come to the floor and said it is imperative to move now to change the way we deal with terrorist detainees in the United States, I would like to make a record for them.  For the record, over the last 10 years we have dealt with alleged terrorists in the United States. During that 10-year period of time 300 alleged terrorists have been successfully prosecuted in the criminal courts of America and incarcerated safely in American prisons--300. During that same 10-year period of time, six--count them, six--have been subjected to prosecution through military tribunals. So the score is 300 to 6 for those who want to change the system, with 300 saying we have a pretty darn good Federal Bureau of Investigation, we have excellent lawyers at the Department of Justice, and the American court system has responded well to keep us safe. So the notion that this has to be changed tonight to keep America safe, I don't know there is any evidence to support that.  I listened to some of the arguments on the Senate floor, and I wish to call to the attention of my colleagues that this is not an insignificant change in the law. If section 1031 is enacted into law, for the first time we will be saying in the law that we can detain indefinitely an alleged terrorist who is an American citizen within the United States of America.  