 Geraldine Ferraro led a trailblazing life, constantly achieving and proving the naysayers wrong.  She was one of two women in her graduating class from Fordham law school, taking night classes after teaching all day.  She was an attorney in a male-dominated New York District Attorney's Office.  She was the first woman elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from New York's 9th District in Queens--a district that most people assumed would not elect her, not because she was a woman but because she was a Democrat.  If she had done nothing more, Gerry Ferraro would have earned her place in history.  But then, on July 11, 1984, just 64 years after American women won the right to vote, Geraldine Ferraro agreed to be Walter Mondale's running mate in his race for the White House--the first time in history that a woman had ever run on the Presidential ticket of a major political party.  ``I didn't pause for a minute'' she later wrote.  It's hard for many people today, particularly young people, to understand what a revolutionary act it was for Geraldine Ferraro to agree to break that barrier. Less than 20 years earlier, want ads in American newspapers were still segregated into ``men's jobs'' and ``women's jobs''--and believe me, Vice President of the United States was not listed under ``women's work.''  As a result of Gerry Ferraro's courage, the doors of opportunity swung open for millions of women--not just in politics, but in every profession.  She said often that ``[c]ampaigns, even if you lose them, do serve a purpose . . . [the] days of discrimination are numbered.'' She was right.  For the last 12 years of her life, Gerry Ferraro fought a terrible blood cancer called myeloma. Once again, she was a pioneer, using a new drug which enabled her to live well beyond her physicians' initial estimate.  Each injection cost over $1,000 and she went to twice weekly treatments. She was always aware that she was fortunate to be able to afford those life-extending treatments. Even when times were the worst, Gerry Ferraro was an eloquent and energetic advocate for more funding for cancer research, and for help for the 50,000 Americans who are living with cancer and can't afford the treatments for their illness.  Gerry's mother taught her the first lessons about being a strong and independent woman.  When Geraldine was just 8 years old, her father died. She saw her widowed,immigrant mother work long hours as a seamstress so that she could afford to send her children to good schools. She was living proof for Gerry that, with hard work, you can make a good life for your children in America. She never forgot what her mother did for her and kept her maiden name after she married as a sign of respect.  Gerry Ferraro was a true egalitarian. When she learned that because she was married she was paid less than male attorneys, she quit and ran for Congress. She fought for the equal rights amendment and cosponsored the Economic Equity Act to end pension inequality.  President Clinton appointed her to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, and later the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.  I had the opportunity to serve with Gerry in the House of Representatives in a very difficult time, and I am honored to have called her my friend. I offer my deepest condolences to her husband John, her children Donna, Laura and John Jr., and her eight grandchildren. Geraldine's passing is a deep loss for so many people, but her hard work and accomplishments will continue to live.  