President, I rise to speak to the issue which has been considered on the floor today by my colleagues. I thank, especially, the Senators from Utah, Oregon, and Colorado, as well as many others, for their leadership in discussing the procedures of the Senate.  When I went home over the break, I spent my time back in Illinois with my wife in my hometown of Springfield and a lot of time around the house and a lot of things had to be considered. I left the decisions of war and peace behind in Washington, DC, and went home to face the real decisions: Are we going to change our cable TV service? Are we paying too much for the Internet? Things that my wife finally put in front of me and said: We need some decisions here.  As I considered those weighty decisions, particularly when it came to cable television and what we would receive in Springfield, I could not help but reflect on the fact that, similar to many Americans, we like to have C-SPAN so we can follow the House and Senate.  You may know in West Virginia, as I know in Illinois, there are people who are obviously suffering from insomnia who watch C-SPAN all the time and find it very restful and sleep inducing.  If they watch the Senate, it is something else. It is not only sleep inducing because of so little activity on the floor of the Senate, it is, in fact, an unfair economic situation that someone is paying a cable TV bill for C-SPAN covering the Senate when we do so little. They ought to get a refund. Families across America are entitled to a refund if they tune in to C-SPAN, Senate version, and watch us day after weary day, with our delightful and talented staff people slowly reading the quorum call and names of the Senators. That is it. If you have watched C-SPAN in the Senate for the last several years, you will see that more often than not, a lot of people say to me: Senator, why is not anything going on in the Senate? When you talk in the Senate, why isn't anybody there? Basic questions an average person might ask. They reflect on what has happened to the Senate, and that is why we are here with this discussion this evening. I thank the Senators who have been involved, including Senator Lautenberg.  One of the things that surprised me when I first came to the Senate, I heard this was the world's most deliberative body. This was the place to come to debate the big issues. Today when there was a swearing in of the Senator from North Carolina, one of his predecessors was here, Senator Lauch Faircloth. He was the first Senator I faced off with on the floor over an issue when I was elected 14 years ago. It was an issue involving tobacco which I had been following pretty closely in my congressional career, and he was from the State of North Carolina where tobacco is a big issue. He didn't like my amendment, and he came to the floor. I was offering my first amendment. There was a lady who worked in the Senate named Lula Davis. I had served in the House for 14 years, but I didn't quite know the Senate procedures as well.  I said to her: How much time do I have?  She said: You have 1 hour.  I said: Is that equally divided?  She said: No, Senator, you have 1 hour.  House Members don't get an hour for anything. Five minutes is the usual course, 15 minutes if it is a great deal or if they want to stick around until midnight, they might get a special order for an hour.  Here I was with an hour on the Senate floor to debate my amendment. Senator Faircloth sat on the other side. I stumbled through it. I asked unanimous consent to allow the time to be equally divided between myself and Senator Faircloth so we could debate the amendment. I thought that was fairly reasonable. Senator Faircloth said: I object.  I was stunned. Clearly, here I am with my amendment being as fair as can be, and he is not interested in the debate.  I am not going to pick on him because he reflected the feelings of many Senators here: that they are here on the floor to give speeches, many of them written by very talented staff people, and then leave the floor and go off and do something else. There is very little debate on the floor of the Senate, real debate. I could count on one hand the times I have in 14 years engaged another colleague in an actual debate that went back and forth over the merits of an issue.  One of the things we are discussing tonight is what to do with the rules of the Senate so we engage in more debate--we need it--so that we have less time that is being wasted in the Senate, fewer hours that are being ticked off a clock to reach 30 hours or whatever it happens to be on a cloture motion, and more actual debate so Senators with differing points of view can state their points of view and debate them back and forth and other Senators can then listen, certainly the public can listen and those in the gallery and can decide who has the merits of the debate.  Debate isn't something we should shy away from. It is an important part of the Senate that we should value and that we should honor to make sure the rules create that opportunity.  The Presiding Officer from the State of Oregon has suggested, along with others, that we have more debate and more votes. I think we should. For a time there was this feeling that we had to protect Members of the Senate from controversial votes. That is behind a lot of the decisionmaking that has taken place and brought us to this moment in the history of the Senate.  Perhaps I have a different view of it. But having been on Capitol Hill for a long time in the House and the Senate, I have stacked up many controversial votes, tens of thousands of them. It will be fair game. For any political opponent ever running against me in the future, there is plenty to work with. I don't need to give them something new to beat me over the head with. I have plenty of votes in my past. I think I can defend them for the most part, and I am prepared to do so. I am not afraid of tomorrow's controversial vote. In fact, I think it is part of why we are here.  There was a man who served here many years ago from Oklahoma, Mike Synar of Muskogee. He was one of my closest friends. Synar was an unusual character in the House. He was one who, faced with the choice between taking an easy, noncontroversial way out or a controversial, confrontational approach, would always choose the confrontational approach. He would walk right into the wall of fire and welcome it because he thought it was partof what he was elected to the House to do. He used to stand up in the caucuses of House Democrats when they would be whining and crying over the thought of facing a controversial vote and say to them: What is wrong with you people? If you don't want to fight fires, don't become a firefighter. If you don't want to cast controversial votes, don't run for the House of Representatives or, in this case, the Senate.  I think the same is true today. Although some of my colleagues face tough election campaigns in tougher States than my home State of Illinois, the fact is, coming here and casting tough and even controversial votes is part of why we were elected and why the people expect us to come and face the music on difficult issues.  Bringing debate back to the floor, bringing more votes to the floor certainly is a move in the right direction.  I say to the Senators from New Mexico, Oregon, and others that their proposal that would allow germane amendments as part of the regular order of the Senate is a move in the right direction. That way the minority and majority get an opportunity to amend a bill. Can it be abused? It can. But making these germane and relevant amendments makes a difference. I can recall one colleague on the other side of the aisle who kept coming to the floor repeatedly, day after day and week after week, to offer the same amendment over and over, even when he was passing the amendment. Sometimes he would pass it; sometimes he wouldn't. But he couldn't help himself. He just had to keep offering it over and over. As he offered this amendment, it didn't enhance the bill. It didn't enhance the debate. It gave him a chance to put out a press release.  One can abuse that process. So making sure the amendments are limited to those that are relevant certainly is a reasonable thing to do.  Let me say a word about the 60-vote margin. The 60-vote margin, as former Vice President Mondale wrote in his guest column recently--I believe, in the Washington Post--was a compromise. In days gone by it took 67 votes to end a filibuster, to bring cloture. Then in the 1970s, Vice President Mondale, then a Senator, joined with others on a bipartisan basis and lowered that to 60 votes. But it was still a rare and unusual thing to do, to filibuster and need a cloture vote of 60 votes. Unfortunately, that 60-vote standard has been corrupted into a new standard for passage of legislation.  Allow me to give two examples. We considered a Wall Street reform bill. There were dozens of amendments offered. The Senator from Oregon had a controversial amendment and waited for days, maybe weeks, for a chance for his day on the floor of the Senate. After about 25 amendments had been offered and considered to the Wall Street reform bill with a standard of a majority vote, I had an amendment relative to interchange fees on debit cards, a controversial amendment. Credit card companies and big banks hated it.  At that point the announcement was made unilaterally, incidentally, the Durbin amendment will require 60 votes. Everything else had been a majority vote to that point. There was no way for me to challenge that. If I wanted my amendment to come to the floor, I had to accept a higher margin to pass it than all the other amendments that had preceded it.  Why? Because the threat of a filibuster was there, a filibuster against my amendment. That threat alone raised the margin and standard for that vote to 60. From the other side's point of view, many of whom opposed my amendment, it is a pretty easy thing to start a filibuster if you don't have to engage personally or make a personal commitment to it. They tossed it out as a standard. Sixty votes became the requirement. Fortunately for me, I had 64 votes and passed it.  The same is not true of another provision which means an awful lot to me, the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act is a reform of our immigration laws that is long overdue for children brought to the United States who are asking for a chance to become legal. They can do it through military service or by education, achieving at least 2 years of college. I have tried for 10 years to pass this measure and repeatedly have had majority support on the floor of the Senate. It has been ruled not enough. You need 60 if you are going to pass the DREAM Act. Just in the last 3 weeks, we had it considered again. It failed by not reaching 60 votes but had 55 votes. So the fact is, establishing this new 60-vote margin has become too commonplace for anything that anyone wants to brand as controversial that might require a filibuster. That has to change. Sixty-vote requirements should be rare in this body. They should be used sparingly, and they should not be applied on a daily basis to any amendment or bill that I or any other Senator at any given moment objects to.  Let me also say when it came to unemployment insurance, I had a little debate with the former Senator from Kentucky, Jim Bunning, now retired, and insisted that he stay on the floor as I repeatedly asked for unanimous consent to extend unemployment benefits. Some Republicans came to the floor and charged that was unfair to ask the Senator from Kentucky to stay on the floor so that he could object to my unanimous consent requests. I am sorry. There were millions of Americans who were not receiving unemployment benefits, and I think it is not unfair to say to the Senator who is objecting to those benefits: Stick around, miss that basketball game you want to see tonight, which he had announced on the floor. Stick around and suffer a little bit because you happen to believe that is the right thing to do.  Eventually, after a matter of days, unemployment benefits were extended. But the point I am getting to is that we have reached a point here that is way beyond the protection of the minority. It is the protection of what I consider to be an indolent approach to the Senate where we want the easiest way around things. We don't want to debate them. We don't want to vote on them. We don't want to face a majority vote that we might lose. So we have contrived a new set of standards, procedures, and rules that we are addressing today as part of this reform conversation.  Many times when Senators file a cloture motion or an objection that is noted by their side of the aisle and then the clock starts to run, the 30 hours, before there is a vote, many times those Senators leave. Before the Senator from Oregon arrived in this body there was one Senator who objected to our moving to a measure, forcing the Senate to stay in session until Saturday, when in the afternoon the time expired and a vote was called. The Senator who objected didn't show up. He wasn't there. We asked where he was. He had to go to a wedding. Really? The rest of us stayed here and waited for the vote that he demanded while he went off to a family social obligation. That is not right.  The good part of the rules changes that are being discussed now would require Senators like that Senator, if they believe the business of the Senate should stop or be delayed, to invest themselves personally in the conversation--to be here. Is that too much to ask? As the Senator from Pennsylvania once said: Earn it and own it. If you believe the business of the Senate should come to a halt for 30 hours, then for goodness' sake have at least the decency and the personal commitment to park yourself at your desk and argue your point of view. If you are too tired to do it or too distracted or can think of something better to do with your time, be my guest and walk through the doors and let the Senate proceed with its business. But if it is important enough for you to stop the business of the Senate, I happen to agree with those who are calling for rules reforms; we should have that change.  We should make those who are invested in it stay and invest their time, their personal commitment to that undertaking.  Finally, the nomination process has been corrupted to a point I don't even recognize. When Chief Justice Roberts chastises the Senate for all of the judicial vacancies in America, I know what he is talking about. In my home district of Illinois, the central district, in normal times there are four district court judges. Currently, we have three vacancies. One judge, Mike McCuskey, is running all over downstate Illinois from courthouse to courthouse to try to keep the criminal calendar going. I am afraid he has little or no time for the civil calendar because of three vacancies.  Two of those vacancies the President nominated judges to fill. The judgeswere considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee, reported unanimously by the Senate Judiciary Committee to the Executive Calendar, and I literally begged the Republican side of the aisle and leadership to allow these two to come up for a voice vote since there was no controversy attached with them and a judicial emergency existed in that central Illinois district. They refused. They refused, despite repeated efforts.  I then went to the other side and said: All right, you must have Republican Senators facing the same thing in their States. I found Senator Cornyn of Texas, with exactly the same circumstance. I said: John, you have a noncontroversial nominee. Let's team up together, make it bipartisan so there is no question that we are trying to do anything for a partisan advantage. He said: I am with you. It was not enough. The Republican leadership still objected to filling these vacancies when a judicial emergency existed, though I asked for it repeatedly. That to me is an abuse of the process. If either of those nominees had been controversial, if this was a situation where it was a new, extra judge, some question of whether it was needed, that is another story completely. But we need a nomination process where those who are not controversial are brought up and considered in a timely fashion.  I commend my colleagues because I think each and every one of them has added to this conversation--Senators Wyden, Grassley, and McCaskill, on a bipartisan basis, to do away with Senate holds. Senator Udall of New Mexico, Senator Harkin of Iowa, and Senator Merkley of Oregon, who is now presiding, I think have had an excellent proposal here of five different changes that would make this a more effective Senate. Senator Lautenberg, who spoke just moments ago, had his own proposal. Senator Udall of Colorado and Senator Harkin each have a proposal.  It is time for us to sit down on a bipartisan basis to protect the rights of the minority within the Senate, but to bring the Senate procedure into a more efficient and more effective way, not just so C-SPAN viewers are not shortchanged when they sign up for C-SPAN Senate and all they get is an occasional ``Akaka'' or some other name being listed in the quorum call, but actually hear the Senate working for its money.  We can do better. I know what is going to happen now. We are likely to recess for some period of time, and an opportunity presents itself for the leaders on both sides to come together. There is room for us to reach agreement. We can say to the minority: You are going to get your chance for amendments. You always want that. You are going to get it. And we can say to our side: You are going to face some votes on amendments, like it or not. That is part of why we are here. We can have some real debate. We can have an investment in the cloture process that means it is real and personal, and that those who believe in it are taking the time to make sure the Senate continues to function as a responsible part of our government.  Mr. President, at this point I yield the floor.  