President, I thank my colleague from Rhode Island.  So people understand this debate, we have a deficit problem--serious. We borrow 40 cents from other countries for every $1 we spend. We cannot sustain that. Our economy may be the strongest in the world, but it is being called into question every day. Look what is happening on the streets of Athens, Greece, and in Portugal and in Ireland because they went too far, they crossed the point beyond which their creditors would not go. They were so deeply in debt that their creditors basically said: We are not going to loan you any more money unless you change dramatically the way you run your country.  That is the pain that is going through these countries today. We want to avoid that pain in the United States. To do it, we have to address the deficit honestly. We have to take a look at this debt we have and deal with it in honest terms.  Most people have forgotten the fact that 10 years ago--10 years ago--we were running a surplus in the Federal budget. The last 3 years of the Clinton administration were surplus years, and now we are in the deepest debt we have ever been as a nation. We are generating about $1.4 trillion of additional debt every year.  How did we reach this point? Well, there are a lot of explanations. When you fight two wars and do not pay for them, it adds to the national debt. When you pass programs and do not pay for them, it adds to the debt. When you are already in debt and you give tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America, it makes your debt worse. Those, incidentally, were the three policies of the previous administration, which led us to the point where a surplus, in 8 years, became the biggest deficit in American history. So now we have to address it.  What we are saying to our friends on the Republican side of the aisle is, for goodness' sake, to end a deficit, you cut spending, right? Right. But to end a deficit, you also cut wasteful tax subsidies. If you listened this morning to my colleagues, you heard them describe a few.  The Senator from Oregon talked about in the Tax Code a tax subsidy for people who raise thoroughbred horses. I love horses. I like going to race tracks. But to think we are going to subsidize them at the expense of Medicaid recipients, the poorest children in America, makes no sense.  Then my colleague from New York, Senator Schumer, talked about tax subsidies for people who own yachts. For goodness' sake, if we cannot float the boat of Middle America, help working families across this country survive, why in the world are we giving a tax subsidy to yacht owners?  My friend from Rhode Island came and talked about corporate jet deductibility. I am sorry, I ride jet planes, but they are commercial jets. The fact that United Airlines and American and the rest of them do not enjoy the same preferential tax treatment as the wealthiest businesspeople in America and their yachts is just plain wrong. It is a subsidy we cannot afford. We should not be subsidizing highfliers in America when the Republican budget is calling for us to end Medicare as we know it. It makes no sense.  There is one other provision in the Tax Code I really find troubling. We literally subsidize American companies that want to ship jobs overseas. We give them one of the biggest tax breaks in the Tax Code to leave America, put their production facilities overseas.  So what is happening? Take a look at what has happened since the year 1999 and the number of foreign employees of U.S. multinational corporations. It goes up every single year--now up to 10 million foreign employees of American corporations. Now take a look at the U.S. employees of these same multinational corporations over the same period of time. Since the year 2000, the number of American employees of U.S. multinational corporations has continued to go down, almost without exception.  It is not just a matter of companies saying if they build a production facility overseas it is the right economic judgment for their business. It is a matter of the U.S. Tax Code that rewards them if they do it. What is wrong with this picture? Why are we not rewarding patriotic American corporations whose owners stay in this country, employ our people, pay a decent wage with benefits, and want to prosper here? Should that not be our highest priority rather than encouraging companies to move production overseas by giving them tax breaks?  Well, it is an issue I feel strongly about. I want to end the subsidy to ship American jobs overseas. At a time when we are facing unemployment in record numbers in some parts of our country, we should have a Tax Code that helps companies create and save jobs in America. I ask my friends on the Republican side of the aisle: Do you want to stand for the subsidies that ship American jobs overseas or do you want to stand by American workers and patriotic American companies that want to stay right here at home and create jobs?  Those are the choices. Anyone on the other side of the aisle who argues that to eliminate tax subsidies is to raise taxes--come on. What we are doing is giving a tax earmark, a tax special favor to those who are benefitting, whether they own yachts, racehorses, or whether they are trying to ship jobs overseas. These are the folks I think have to be willing to step up and sacrifice so we can reduce our deficit and do it in a meaningful way.  I see my colleague from Maryland is here.  I yield the floor.  