No.  Mr. President, I am going to respond very briefly. This argument is so upside-down. If during the last 10 years we had successfully prosecuted terrorists--300 of them--in military commissions and only 3 in our criminal courts, then all of their arguments would make sense because you would have to argue that is the best place to go, that is where you can investigate and prosecute and successfully incarcerate those accused of terrorism. Exactly the opposite is true.  President Bush and President Obama, given the authority to choose a forum to try a suspected terrorist, have overwhelmingly and successfully chosen the article III criminal courts of America. Here is the score. They don't like to hear me say this, but I am going to give them the score again. It is important to know. Since 9/11, we are told by the Department of Justice, as many as 300 suspected terrorists have been successfully prosecuted in our criminal courts and 3 before military commissions, 2 of whom--before the military commissions--were released within a year to return to their home countries of Australia and Yemen. When you look at where terrorists are in jail in America today, you will find 300 to 1 they were terrorists who were prosecuted in our criminal courts.  In comes the Ayotte amendment and the arguments by Senator McConnell and Senator Sessions to argue that clearly this system is upside-down, that we should be going to the military commissions, not to the criminal courts. Their argument is, incidentally, Miranda warnings--when you give an alleged defendant, a suspected criminal defendant, Miranda warnings, end of story, they stop cooperating. The problem they have is the facts, and the facts are that all 300 prosecuted terrorists in article III courts were given their Miranda warnings, the investigation continued, and the prosecution continued successfully. It did not end the case.  They do not like to talk about the details about this Christmas bomber, the Underwear Bomber. He was read his Miranda rights, and he shut up. Then the FBI brought in his mother and father, who said, ``Why don't you cooperate?''According to the head of the FBI, the Director of the FBI, he talked nonstop for days about everything he knew about al-Qaida. He did it after he was read his Miranda rights. Then he was off to court, where he is going to defend himself in this criminal case, and he pled guilty.  I have heard the Senators on the floor dismiss this--well, he pled guilty, so they didn't really prosecute him. They prepared the case--a case he knew he couldn't win. He fully cooperated with the investigation, and he conceded that he was guilty. Now he faces a life sentence in prison.  Is that a good outcome? It is the best outcome, and I will tell you why because they will not acknowledge this fact, and they should. All across the world, when they look at the way we prosecute terrorists in the United States, they have to say: You know, they are following the same rules and laws for alleged terrorists as they are following for anyone accused of crime in their country, and it is public, and he had an opportunity for a lawyer, and he was given the same warnings as any prospective criminal defendant.  You can't argue that this was done behind closed doors or done any differently from any other criminal defendant. There is something to be said for that. It is a bragging right, or at least something we should be proud of, that in the United States we use that system and use it so successfully.  For those who want to pass the Ayotte amendment and make it more difficult for any President to decide the appropriate forum to prosecuter terrorists, I just leave them one last reminder: The score is 300 to 3 since 9/11, 300 suspected terrorists successfully prosecuted in our criminal courts, 3 before military commissions.  Give this President, give every President the tools and the authority to make the right decision to keep America safe. Defeat the Ayotte amendment.  