As she talked about her wonderful hometown of San Francisco, one of my favorite cities outside Illinois, I thought about my most recent trip there to that Golden Gate Bridge and the wonderful work that is done in the Presidio. What a tribute it is to that beautiful part of our country that the investments are being made now so people can enjoy it. It was filled with people, bicyclers, walkers, runners, families, tourists, and everybody. It is an indication to me that if you build it, they will come.  In this situation, I couldn't help but reflect as the Senator went through the litany of all the great achievements in America over the last 60 years from the viewpoint of infrastructure. Think back to President Eisenhower and the big debate that was on then about the interstate highway system: Was it going to be bonded or paid for with taxes? It went back and forth, and it ended with a bipartisan agreement, and thank goodness it did. We need that kind of bipartisan agreement right here.  Were it not for the interstate highway system, your State would be much different today. So would mine. Thank goodness, 60 years ago, a Republican President and a Democratic Congress reached an agreement. It can be done.  The Democrats did not say if Eisenhower gets this, people are going to think better of him. They thought better of the Nation, and that was a commitment that made a difference.  I thank the Senator for telling us this story. I appreciate it.  Mr. President, we had a meeting this morning with economists from labor and business, and they came and talked to us about what is going on with the American economy. Nothing they said was a great surprise, but it sure was troubling. One-fifth of all men in America are currently out of work. Just a few years ago, it was one-twentieth.  Since 1969, there has been a 28-percent decline in purchasing power of the average working family. Even though they are working, they have fallen behind. The level of fear and anger in our country is growing. We have had slow economic growth rates, and we are facing some serious issues. The United States today has the same number of jobs it had in the year 2000, 11 years ago, but we have 30 million more Americans in 2011 than we did in the year 2000. We can lament this and read about it and say isn't it a darn shame or we can do something about it.  Fortunately, for those of us who have been elected to this Chamber, we have a reason to do something. In fact, that is the reason we have been sent here. People didn't send us to give inspiring speeches; they sent us to solve problems, to make life better for America, to make this a stronger Nation--a secure, safe, and stronger Nation. We have that power to do this, and the question is whether we will.  I can tell you many people argue that the President's efforts to get this economy moving have failed. I could not disagree more. I have been around Illinois, and I have taken a look at whatwe have built in America with the stimulus funds. It is impressive. In my home State, it is impressive, not only in terms of infrastructure but helping businesses get started and to succeed.  Douglas Holtz-Eakin is the president of the right-leaning American Action Forum and was Senator McCain's top economic adviser during the 2008 Presidential campaign. In the Washington Post, on Sunday, he said: ``The argument that the stimulus had zero impact and we shouldn't have done it is intellectually dishonest or wrong.''  That is from a conservative, Republican-leaning economist. He knew the stimulus helped. America would have been in a deeper hole today had we not acted to reduce taxes and to help build America in ways that will serve us for generations to come.  We know now we need to do more. Tomorrow we are going to give our colleagues in the Senate a chance to join us in making that happen. We are going to try to move this country forward by putting people to work building things that count. Highways and bridges and airports and schools, community colleges and things that will serve us for years to come. It will create thousands of jobs all across America. We know the stimulus bill did that.  The Department of Transportation estimates that $48 billion in transportation funds put 65,000 people to work on 15,000 projects. I just saw one last week. It is the new Intermodal Transportation Center in Normal, IL. It is amazing. Right next to the Amtrak station, they have built an intermodal center which has kicked off a renaissance in downtown Normal, IL. There are restaurants, a brandnew hotel I stayed in, a Marriott. There are all sorts of shops and a lot of activity. It is all focused on the centerpiece that is now under construction and will soon be completed. This intermodal center is paid for by the same stimulus funds that many come to the floor and question or mock. This multimodal center is a centerpiece for the growth of a great town in the Midwest.  Incidentally, the rail service of that Amtrak station is being funded with $1.1 billion in high-speed rail grants that were part of the stimulus as well. We didn't just build the buildings, we are putting down new rail with concrete to make sure people have a safe, secure, and faster ride. The station is built with $22 million in TIGER grant funds through the same Recovery Act.  These investments are doing great things for Normal, for Illinois State University that is there. The mayor of Bloomington, who is right next door, came over to say he agreed too.  The Peoria airport is another story. They just completed a brandnew airport terminal. It is beautiful. Mr. President, $6.4 million in Federal stimulus funds are going right into Peoria, creating jobs in Peoria, and building an airport for the 21st century. There were 120 workers at work building this terminal--good pay, good benefits, jobs right here in America.  The Englewood Flyover Project in Chicago is going to eliminate the biggest railroad bottleneck in the Midwest. It will mean that goods and passengers move more quickly through that great city and to their destination. It will put hundreds to work for this construction, and it came right out of the stimulus package.  I listened earlier when Senator Feinstein talked about choices we have to make in this country. I think the choices are pretty clear. We know what China is doing. If we go to China today, we will see building cranes in every direction. She talked about a 375-mile underground subway system. When I was there, they talked about 50 new airports they are going to build in the next 5 years that can land every Boeing aircraft. They are building the ports, the airports, the roads, and the railroads to compete with us in the 21st century. What are we doing? We are locked in a partisan debate on the Senate floor, where we cannot get one Republican vote to support the President's jobs bill to create jobs building America's economic future--not one.  Why? I will tell you why. Let's get down to brass tacks. The Republicans say we cannot vote for any bill that raises taxes. The President's jobs bill--the part we are going to bring--does raise taxes, and here are the taxes that are raised. For those making over $1 million a year in income--that is over $20,000 a week in income--we say, on the income over $1 million, they have to pay a surtax of .7 percent. That would mean that the first $100 that the millionaire makes over $1 million, they would have to pay 70 cents. The Republicans have said: No way. We will not make the millionaire pay 70 cents on the first $100 he earns over $1 million, even if it means putting people to work in America. Who disagrees with that position? A majority of Democrats, Independents, and a majority of Republicans, a majority of the tea party members disagree with the Republican position, but not a single Republican has broken ranks yet to join us in a bipartisan effort to put Americans back to work and pay for it by having the wealthiest, the most well off in our country pay 70 cents on $100.  To me, that is not too much to ask. I would ask that and more of those who have been blessed with a comfortable life and a good income and a nice home and no worries. For them to pay a little more so America can get moving forward and we can reduce this unemployment rate is not too much to ask. It is what we were sent here to do.  I encourage my colleagues to join us. Let's get together, if we can, in a bipartisan basis tomorrow and pass this portion of the jobs act and put America to work.  Incidentally, at this point, the Republicans have produced no jobs bill. They have no ideas. As we are united in fighting this recession and unemployment, they are united in opposing anything proposed by President Obama. I don't think that is the way we need to operate.  Thank goodness when President Eisenhower built the interstate system, a Republican President and Democratic Congress looked beyond the next election and into the next century and what America needed.  I yield the floor.  