They understand this is the real deal. This is the bill that will make a difference. The other two may not.  Among the other groups supporting the Stem Cell Research Enhancement Act are the Republican Main Street Partnership, the B'nai B'rith International, and a long list of people representing religious organizations from almost every denomination in America.  Why do we need this? We need it because President Bush decided in 2001 to take a position on medical research. I do not think there is a precedent in American history for what he did. He basically said we were going to cut off Federal funding for those who were involved in embryonic stem cell research, except for a limited number of lines. He identified 78 stem cell lines on the day of his speech and said that scientists who received any Federal funding at all could work only on those stem cell lines.  As Senator Harkin has pointed out over and over, not only were the 78 lines reduced to 22, they are all contaminated. They cannot be used for this research anymore. So President Bush is not offering any hope when it comes to this area of research. I do not want to get into the moral argument here because it is almost religious. It is moral and theological here. But if the President could rationalize 78 stem cell lines as being appropriate and all right for research, then he has fundamentally decided the research is permissible, I suppose. I do not follow his logic. And I do not follow the logic of some who oppose it who say that because this is a product of in vitro fertilization and has the potential for life that we should not do research. We know that in that process, some of these fertilized eggs will end up being implanted in the womb of an expectant mother in the hope she becomes pregnant, and others will not be used. It is the nature of the process. They make more of these fertilized eggs than they will need in the hopes that one will work.  Then what happens to the rest? Well, they are going to be discarded. They are not used to find cures for diseases. But for those who find it immoral to use the product of that process for medical research, I still am troubled by the notion that they have not come to the floor asking that we ban in vitro fertilization, because we know that is a natural consequence of this process. And if it is permissible and moral and legal to have a process which results in these extra cells, I do not understand the moral question about using these fertilized cells to give people a chance to live and to live their lives better. I just do not understand that.  To measure the impact of President Bush's policy, Stanford University looked at peer-reviewed research published in scientific journals. They found that embryonic stem cell research in the United States made up one-third of the papers published in 2002 but only a fourth of those published in 2004. Research is slowing down. President Bush's decision is reducing the number of opportunities for embryonic stem cell research.  The world's best and most respected scientists--our own NIH leadership--tell us that this area of scientific research could lead to treatments and cures. Dr. James Battey chairs the NIH working group on stem cells. This is what he said before the Senate Labor, HHS Subcommittee:       There's no scientist that I know who would argue that more      stem cell lines wouldn't accelerate the pace of scientific      research. . . . Cell lines offer scientific opportunities      that are right now beyond the reach of federal funds.  Other things have changed since President Bush's decision in 2001 as well. We have learned more about the potential of stem cell research. Dr. John Kessler is the chair of the neurology department at Northwestern University Medical School in Chicago, which I am honored to represent. He is also the father of a 20-year-old daughter who is paralyzed as a result of a spinal cord injury. He told me personally that he finds the current administration policy ``unconscionable'' in light of everything we have learned since 2001.  H.R. 810--the real bill, the one that is important, and the one that will make the difference--would loosen the handcuffs on America's scientists. It would allow scientists to receive Federal funding to use embryonic stem cell lines in their research if--and only if--two very specific conditions are met. First, the stem cell lines must be derived from eggs that were produced for in vitro fertilization but are going to be discarded. The choice is research or destruction of these potential means of creating medical opportunities. Second, both adults to whom the eggs belong must provide written consent that the eggs be donated to science.  It is estimated 400,000 excess eggs are being stored now in clinics around the country, stored in petri dishes at 300 degrees below zero. Opponents of this research say it is unethical to use them for research. But if they are not used, they will be destroyed. How in the world can that be the right ethical, moral choice to destroy the opportunity for research to cure disease?  I see my colleague from Washington is here, and I know she wants to speak. I will close by saying this: I have met some of the children who are victims of juvenile diabetes. I guess it comes home personally when you sit down with these kids and their mothers, and the mothers say: I wake my daughter up twice in the midst of the night to take a blood test to see how she is doing. Think about that for that poor little girl being awakened twice each night. And think about the mother and her worries that that little girl, who she loves so much, may go blind or lose a limb or die. And think about the hope they have in their hearts that this research will go forward.  I have met the victims of ALS and diabetes and Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. I know they are praying we do the right thing tomorrow. I hope we pass this bill. I am not certain it will pass, but I am hopeful it will. It will have strong support on this side of the aisle, and I hope there will be enough votes on both sides of the aisle to enact it. Then the bill will go to President Bush, and he will have a moment in the history of this country to make a momentous decision. If he decides to go forward and veto the stem cell research bill, it will be the first veto of the Bush Presidency.  President Bush described himself politically when he ran for office as a compassionate conservative. His decision on the future of this bill will be the test of his compassion. If he has compassion for those who are suffering across America, who are praying for the hope this research can bring, I hope he will pray over his decision long and hard. And if we pass this bill, I hope he will sign it and give these Americans a chance for a better tomorrow.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  