President, more than half the men and women serving the United States now in Iraq and Afghanistan are members of Guard and Reserve units. Not that long ago they were working civilian jobs with regular payroll and, of course, performing their responsibilities in the Guard and Reserve on weekends and during summer duty. They understood when they volunteered that they could be activated. They have been. In my State, 80 percent of the Guard units have been activated. They have served this Nation bravely, selflessly. They have done it at great sacrifice to themselves and their families: The pain of separation to be away from your family for a whole year, sometimes longer, to be gone when important family events occur, and an additional hardship that comes with this service.  Some of these service men and women find that when they are activated in the Guard and Reserve units, they are paid less by the military than they were receiving in their civilian capacity. So the expenses they incur, the bills they have to pay--whether it is for a mortgage, utility bills, education expenses for their children--continue, even though as they serve our country they receive less money. We are fortunate that many of their civilian employers have stepped up and said: We will protect you. If you will stand up for America, we will stand up for you. We will make up the difference between your pay as you serve our country in the Guard and Reserve and what you would have earned if you would have stayed here.  We appreciate that. As a nation, we should be grateful, thankful that these companies stand by these men and women when they need it most so that as they worry about the pain of separation and coming home safely, they don't have to worry about whether the bills will be paid. We create Federal Government Web sites paying tribute to these companies that stand by Guard and Reserve Units. Some of the companies and some of the entities involved include Ford Motor Company, IBM, Verizon, Safeway, the State of California, Los Angeles County, and Austin, TX. The list goes on and on. There are some 23 different States that have said: If any of our State employees are activated, we will make up the difference in pay.  So why do I rise today with this amendment? Because the largest single employer of Guard and Reserve members in the United States fails to make up that difference in pay. There is one huge employer that will not say to these activated men and women: We will stand by you. If you are going to lose money, we will make up the difference.  Who could that employer possibly be? The United States Government. The Federal Government does not make up the difference in pay for these Guard and Reserve members. Why? If we value their service, if we praise these private entities and State governments and local governments that stand by these men and women, if we say they are setting a great example for America, why aren't we setting an example as the Federal Government? Why aren't we making up the difference in pay?  Some would argue there may be a disparity, that you may have two sergeants serving in the same place: one is in the active military being paid less than one who is having a supplemented salary as a former Federal employee, now activated as a sergeant serving overseas. Think about the current disparity, a disparity where this soldier, in private life a few weeks or months before, incurred expenses for his family which he thought he would be able to pay, and now, because he is serving his country, he cannot. I don't think the active military soldier will resent this. They will understand it and be glad they have a fellow soldier standing by them, leaving the comfort and securityof a civilian life to serve our country so well.  What this amendment says is that the Federal Government will stand behind its employees activated in the Guard and Reserve to make up the difference in pay for them. It is a reasonable suggestion--in fact, so reasonable it has passed in the Senate several times, last time by an overwhelming vote. More than 90 Senators voted for it. Sadly, when it goes to conference where the House and Senate come together, it doesn't have a good fate. It turns out the Department of Defense and this administration don't care for the idea much, and they usually kill it once it gets to conference.  I am going to give them another chance for this Government to stand behind these soldiers. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me, as well as my other colleagues--Senator Mikulski of Maryland, who is a cosponsor, Senator Allen of Virginia, Senators Biden, Bingaman, Landrieu, and Lautenberg. We offer this amendment and hope that it will be adopted.  