President, I rise today to commemorate the life and mourn the loss of a remarkable woman. Erma Byrd, the wife of Senator Robert C. Byrd, passed away over the weekend after battling a long illness. Her death brings sadness to the entire Senate family. On behalf of the Senate I wish to extend our condolences to Senator Byrd and their two daughters, five grandchildren, and six great-grandchildren.  This remarkable couple had been married for 69 years, and anyone who spent time with Senator Byrd knows how much they loved one another. It is clear they took their vows very seriously, to stand by one another in sickness and health. It is a tribute to our colleague and to his late wife that their devotion and love sustained them together for so many years.  As Senator Byrd has said on the floor of the Senate so many times, Erma Byrd has always been his touchstone. He said:       Her faith in me has never wavered and she took to mothering      me as effortlessly as she took to mothering our daughters. In      Erma Ora James Byrd runs the blood of a great line of      mothers, fierce in their devotion to their families, vigilant      in their care, loving in their manner.  In a time of increasing callousness and cynicism, the story of Robert and Erma Byrd can only be described as a true lifelong love story. Erma and Robert Byrd were married when they were both 19 years old. They met when they were students in grade school in Raleigh County, WV.  One of my favorite stories that Senator Byrd tells is about his courtship of Erma. It turns out he decided that the best way to Erma's heart was with another man's candy. His family wasn't prosperous, but the young Robert C. Byrd had a friend whose father owned a candy store, and each day that young man would pass out a few pieces of candy to his friends--such as Robert Byrd. As tempting as I am sure it was, Robert C. Byrd never ate his candy. Instead, he would present it to his girlfriend Erma.  It worked. Those of us who know the two of them know that little exchange of friendship would lead to a lifetime of commitment. I am sure Robert C. Byrd had many fine qualities and Erma noticed those, but she also apparently noticed the candy.  A true coal miner's daughter, Erma Byrd met Presidents and Senators, kings and queens, and the greatest among celebrities, yet. She never sought the limelight. She never lost her sturdy and sensible ways. She never forgot the values that sustained her in West Virginia and throughout all her life.  All of us in political life know that we make increasing demands on ourspouses. We know they have to make great sacrifices because of our choice of public service. We all join in expressing our sadness at the loss of Erma Byrd, and we stand by our colleague Senator Byrd and his family to help them remember, at this time of loss, those good memories of times together. We know those memories will sustain their family.  Erma Byrd was the guiding star in her husband's firmament--the light that sustained him, healed him, and comforted him. I know her remarkable spirit will continue to guide him not only through this day of mourning but throughout the rest of his life.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  