For coal miners, we created a program called black lung. I know it pretty well because I have met a lot of coal miners suffering from it in my home State of Illinois. Exposure to coal dust, inhalation of coal dust causes lung problems, so we tried to set up a separate fund for these miners to take care of it. We estimated it was going to cost us about $3 billion to compensate all these coal miners. Our actual black lung payments through 2004 are $41 billion.  So if some of us come to this floor skeptical of this trust fund, skeptical of this $140 billion, and wonder if we can say to victims in good conscience, we are going to stop your going into court and force you into a trust fund which will pay you, when we know full well how many times we failed in estimating how much these trust funds need to have banked away, I think that really goes to the heart of this whole issue.  Also, a critical element here is why we are on this bill today. People who are following this Senate debate maybe tune in to watch C-SPAN, follow the debate in other places, and some will say to them: What is the Senate talking about today? They may report: Well, it is about asbestos.  Sure, it is an important issue. But my guess is most families across America would probably step back and say: I sure wish they would talk about the cost of health insurance for families, businesses, and individuals or maybe the cost of this heating bill I have in my hand, where the cost of heating this home has doubled since last year or maybe they ought to talk once in a while about this Medicare prescription Part D Program which has become a mess for seniors across America. Why aren't they talking about pension security when our neighbors next door worked a lifetime at that plant, and then the plant went into bankruptcy and dumped the pension, and now this man and his wife, who thought they had done everything right in life, don't have retiree benefits and don't have health benefits? Why aren't they talking about those things?  No, the Senate is engaged in a debate on the asbestos bill which I have characterized as a clash of the special interest titans--huge companies on both sides, for and against asbestos; insurance companies for and against this bill; trial lawyers opposing the bill; others supporting the bill; labor unions by and large opposing the bill with two or three exceptions. Why are we on this bill today? Because what drives this debate is what is at stake. What is at stake is not just recovery for hundreds of thousands of asbestos victims but a lot of money.  Earlier today, a Republican Senator, Mr. Bennett of Utah, came to the Chamber with two charts which I thought really told the story. I don't have those charts, but I have summaries here. What Senator Bennett pointed out is that for about 10 of the largest companies affected by this bill, this bill is a windfall. It is a windfall in this respect: They estimated how much each of these companies would have been required to pay out to asbestos victims if they went through the regular court process, and then they estimated how much the same companies would pay into the trust fund we are talking about today. And the difference is startling. For these 10 companies, the difference is $20 billion. In other words, if they paid the claims of victims in court, they would have paid $20 billion more than the amount they paid into the trust fund.  One of the companies which has been publicized recently is U.S. Gypsum. The reason people talk about it is they recently did a public filing, and here is what they said. They said: If we are held liable in court for all the asbestos claims we think could be filed against us, we believe we would pay out something in the range of $4 billion. But if this bill passes, we will be required to pay into the trust fund $797 million.  What a dramatic difference. So for this company, the passage of this bill is worth more than $3 billion. That is the reason we are here.  We are here because so many of these corporations know that if this bill passes, their exposure to liability is reduced dramatically. The obvious question is, If they don't pay the $20 billion to victims, who will make up the difference? And that is the point made by Senator Bennett earlier in the day. He gave the names of eight or nine other companies, much smaller, some of which have paid small amounts to asbestos victims in court cases in settlements, some which have paid none. In each case, these companies had to step up and pay substantial amounts of money, ranging from $75 million to $578 million.  So here is one of the largest companies, U.S. Gypsum, with the largest exposure--$4 billion--paying about $800 million into the fund.  And then you take a look at a company named Foster Wheeler, a pretty well-known company. They will pay out $80 million in their experience in asbestos over the next 10 years. That is their estimate, I should say, $80 million. And they are asked to pay $578 million into the fund? Where is the fairness in that, that these companies with little or no exposure have to pay so much money while companies with so much exposure pay dramatically less? That is the fundamental unfairness in what we are discussing in the Senate here this evening.  I might also add, many of us are struggling to try to absorb this bill because this morning, as we had expected, the chairman filed a new version of the bill. We had been debating this for months, maybe years, and this morning comes a new version which, according to the chairman, makes 47 significant changes in the first bill we were handed.  Think about that for a moment. When you consider how many lives and how many families are dependent on our doing the right thing in the passage of this legislation, we are rushing to pass a trust fund that will take these families and individuals out of the courthouse into a trust fund.  The Presiding Officer is a medical doctor from the State of Oklahoma. We may not see eye to eye on a lot of things, but I listened as he speculated on what the exposure might be on this trust fund. He has made some statements as to whether something should be covered or should not be covered. But what he said, at least in the course of the Judiciary Committee hearing, is that there is some real uncertainty about how many people will be filing claims and what those claims will be worth.  That is what troubles me. I think there is more we can do to make this system more fair. First don't abandon America's court system. Don't abandon our system of justice. Don't conclude that 200 years of a court system in America is not proof positive that it is a valuable part of our American heritage and a valuable part of America's life. Start with our court system.  If there are abuses, and I will concede there are abuses, let's deal with them. I will tell you point blank, based on my legal education of long ago, if you want to recover for injury in court, you must have injuries or damages. Simple exposure to asbestos, which could include all of us, is not enough. You have to show some injuries or damages before you recover. That is why, in our State of Illinois, we set up what we call the pleural registry, and that says if you have been exposed but you are not sick, no symptoms, come in and sign up. If you don't contract an illness or something that is fatal, then you will have escaped any problem related to asbestos. If you do, you can come through the court system and you willnot be held back by any statute of limitations.  Some have argued about where lawsuits should be brought. That is a valid issue. We should debate it. Some have argued about what attorney's fees should be. That is a valid issue. But there have been some misstatements on the floor about attorney's fees, and I wish to clarify them. Some have said on the floor that 58 percent of all the money generated in these asbestos verdicts and settlements goes to lawyers. Technically, that is true, but look more closely: 31 percent is legal fees claimed by the victims' attorneys; 28 percent or 27 percent is from defense attorneys.  I practiced law for a number of years, and it was not uncommon for a person of modest means to come in my office and say: I have been injured, I need to file a lawsuit. And you would say to them: I know you can't put up thousands of dollars to pay for all the time I have to put in as a lawyer to get ready to go to court, argue the case, do everything lawyers do, so I will take it on a contingent fee basis. If you win, I win. If you lose, I lose.  For many people, that is the only way they can come to a courtroom. They can't put up $10,000, $20,000, $30,000 to pay for a team of lawyers to prepare a case. They just don't have it. So contingent fee cases are all across America.  If you file a case in Workers' Compensation in Illinois, you may pay, I guess--it has been a few years since I have done it--around 20 percent in attorney's fees. An ordinary case for personal injury might be a third. That is usually what the lawyer's fees are when it is a contingent fee basis. To say that asbestos victims are paying 31 percent in attorney's fees doesn't suggest to me that there is a built-in scandal here; it suggests that is fairly ordinary and routine in the legal practice.  It is interesting to note that for every dollar paid out, the defense--companies that are hiring defense attorneys--is receiving 28 cents on the dollar. That is an indication to me, with 30 cents and 28 cents, the victims' attorneys and the defense attorneys are comparable amounts. But having said that, if there is a discussion about how to make those attorney's fees more fair, I am willing to sit down and work on it.  I also believe we ought to look at the States that have already stepped forward and said: We are not going to abandon our courts, we are not going to abandon our system of justice, we will make changes so it works better--States such as Florida, Texas, Ohio. They give us good guidance. Senator Cornyn of Texas gave us an amendment--and may come back with another version of it soon--which addresses that particular approach. I would feel a lot more confident in making certain that our court system worked a little better than abandoning our court system to set up a trust fund that is not paid for.  I hope my colleagues in the Senate on both sides of the aisle will seriously consider the point of order raised today by my Republican colleague, Senator Ensign of Nevada. It is a valid point of order. It goes to the issue as to whether $140 billion is adequate, whether the payout of this money is consistent with the budget rules of the Senate.  I yield the floor.  