I think it is appropriate for him to open the debate. Now I am told that my time is running because he is not here. I have no option or alternative but to speak to the amendment.  I cannot believe this amendment is being offered to this bill. This is a bill on homeland security. This amendment relates to a declaration of a disaster, a disaster like Hurricane Katrina. Do you know what happens in times of disaster? You have probably seen it. Basic law enforcement breaks down. The police you expect to be there to manage things are overwhelmed. There are too many things going on at once. The fire department, the police department are trying to maintain order in the midst of chaos. Don't take my word for it. Remember what you saw on CNN around the clock. It was absolute chaos as people were being flooded out of their homes, desperately swimming through the water trying to reach the Superdome, trying to find a safe place.  What happened was, the police decided under those circumstances they wanted to maintain order. So the first thing they said is: This is a gun-free area. When people go into the Superdome, they don't bring guns into the Superdome because there are families there. There are mothers, fathers, and children. We are going to keep this as a gun-free area.  They obviously were sensitive to the fact that anyone can be vulnerable in a situation such as that. Imagine if your son or daughter is in a National Guard unit sent to this emergency trying to maintain order and snipers start shooting at them. It can happen. You may recall the reports of gunfire going on in New Orleans. I have no idea how valid those reports were. But it is understandable that law enforcement agencies in those situations will say: Wait a minute. We have to establish order. We have to at least have a safe zone around our National Guard troops so they don't get shot while they are down there trying to save these poor people.  Do you recall all those people who were filing across the bridge? Mothers were carrying babies. Imagine if someone was standing at the top of that bridge with a gun saying: Give me your money, as they come by. The police are trying to maintain order. In those circumstances, wouldn't you want to give the police, law enforcement agencies, the tools they need to protect rescue workers, to protect National Guard troops, to protect the mothers and fathers with their children who have been dispossessed from their homes? It is an obvious thing. It is commonsense.  Along comes the Vitter amendment. Do you know what Mr. Vitter, my colleague from Louisiana, suggests? None of the funds appropriated by this act shall be used for the seizure of a firearm based on the existence of a declaration of a state of emergency. You can't take the guns away. If they declare a disaster an emergency, you can't say to people, this is a gun-free zone and we are taking your gun away.  Is that what the second amendment is all about? Is that what the right to bear arms is all about, in a state of an emergency, in an effort to restore order in a chaotic situation, that you want to take away the power of a law enforcement agency to say: You can't bring a gun into the Superdome because there are children in there trying to sleep and mothers trying to keep them together in the midst of a disaster? Is that a violation of the second amendment to say if they are taking potshots at the National Guardsmen who are down there risking their lives for those poor people in that situation, that we are going to stop the guns from being close to where they are staying, where they are living? Is that a violation of the second amendment to say if somebody is using a gun which they might legally have but using it in an illegal fashion, you can't take the gun away?  That is what this amendment does. This is an incredible amendment. I can't believe that we would want to tie the hands of law enforcement in the midst of an emergency situation, when it is difficult to maintain law and order.  Years and years ago I went to law school in Washington. In 1968, I was sitting in my law school library, where I should have spent a lot more time. This city turned into pure chaos with the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. There were riots in the streets. Buildings were being burned. People were being arrested for looting and arson by the hundreds and thousands. The whole system disintegrated.  They went to the law schools and said: You are going to be lawyers today. You are going to represent people. The system was out of control. We were trying to establish order. We were trying to give to the police what they needed to get things settled down to keep people safe, to protect innocent victims.  I lived through it. I saw it. You have seen it, maybe not in your personal life, but following it on television. Yet, what we have here in the Vitter amendment is, it takes away the authority of law enforcement to take a gun from a person even if it is a threat to a helpless victim in a disaster or if it is a threat to a National Guard trooper or if it is a threat to another law enforcement agency.  Let me tell you what else. In his original version of the amendment, which he has changed, the Senator says we will make an exception--I want to make sure I get this right. If you see someone who has a gun, which could be seized under Federal or State law in a criminal investigation--think about that, this is a gun that may have been used to murder someone--you can take that gun in the midst of a disaster. They took that out. So if someone is standing there with a gun that you know was used in a criminal situation for a murder, they take away the authority of the law enforcement people to even seize that gun if someone has declared a disaster.  What are we thinking? Why would we do this to the men and women in law enforcement, to the National Guardsmen, or to innocent victims, which could be you or me or people we love, in a disaster they cannot even anticipate? Why would we do that?  I will tell you why. We are doing it for the National Rifle Association. We are doing it for the gun lobby. In their devotion to the second amendment, they have closed their eyes to the obvious. Owning guns legally and using guns legally in America is a protected right in Illinois and most States. But to take a situation that is a disaster, when the law has broken down and to say that you won't allow law enforcement to take a gun away that might be used to hurt an innocent person, that just goes too far.  I reserve the reminder of my time.  