 Mr. President, I would like to conclude the matter raised between Senator Specter and myself about the resolution brought to the floor by Senator Feingold.  I heard yesterday that Senator Feingold was going to offer this resolution. I did not realize he would do it today. I have spoken to Senator Feingold, and I believe it is his intention not to bring this to a vote today, as some have suggested, but, rather, to use this as a catalyst to bring about the kinds of hearings and investigations that this Congress owes to the people of the United States on the wiretap program.  I have saluted Senator Specter earlier for his leadership on the Senate Judiciary Committee. I am sorry the Senate Intelligence Committee, given a chance to do the same thing, failed to exercise its oversight responsibility on this same program.  I think it is important, regardless of party affiliation, that we ask the critical constitutional and legal questions about this wiretap program. This resolution by Senator Feingold will be a catalyst for that type of investigation, those types of hearings. Whether that results in a censure of the President or any further action against the President remains to be seen. But it certainly says to the American people, we are not going to ignore what could be one of the most serious constitutional issues to come before this Government in decades.  I have read this resolution Senator Feingold has offered. I agree with Senator Specter, I do not think when we voted to go to war against the Taliban we said to the President that he could ignore the law, that he could go about wiretapping Americans without court approval. That is basic to America.  The President has said over and over publicly, if we are going to wiretap people, we will get court approval. Well, it turns out that is not the caseat all. I do not know how often because I have not been briefed on the details, but apparently on many occasions this Government has wiretapped the conversations of American citizens without court approval. The President and the administration have not followed the clear letter of the law. That is an important and serious constitutional question.  I think the resolution being brought to us by Senator Feingold will cause us to look anew at this critically important issue. Whether it results in any action by Congress, as I said, remains to be seen. But I think it is important that we accept this challenge by the Senator from Wisconsin and that hearings be held in the Judiciary Committee, if that is where the resolution is eventually referred, and possibly even in the Intelligence Committee.  I hope the Intelligence Committee will start to move on this on a bipartisan basis. It has historically been a bipartisan committee. But recently in the last few weeks there have been many important votes taken on partisan rollcalls, votes relative to the authority and exercise of that authority by this committee in investigating this Bush administration.  It would be good if the committee could return to its bipartisan ways. I think it would give the institution of the Senate a vote of confidence that we can stand and investigate Presidents of either political party if there is serious and important policy questions to be determined.  I yield the floor.  