President, I thank the Senator from Tennessee. In my home State of Illinois, the number is 50 percent. Fifty percent of our electricity is generated by nuclear power. So for those who say: Get rid of it tomorrow, they better be ready to sit in darkness for a while in my State of Illinois if that is their option.  But I hope the Senator from Tennessee feels as I do, that the future of nuclear power is wedded to two issues we have to deal with forthrightly: what are we going to do with the nuclear waste that is likely to threaten us in some form or another for generations to come, for hundreds, if not thousands, of years; and secondly, how do we promote nuclear power without promoting the production of nuclear weapons?  We are facing that issue everywhere--in North Korea, in Iran. As we look at the world, we worry that countries moving toward nuclear power are, in fact, also creating an option for the production of nuclear weapons, which would make the world perhaps more self-sufficient when it came to electricity but in a more dangerous state if it led to nuclear proliferation.  Those are the two challenges with nuclear power as I see them.  I believe--maybe I am not being realistic here, but I believe they can be addressed and they should be addressed. If we address them in a responsible fashion, the day may come--and I hope it does--when we can say that the spent nuclear fuel rods coming out of the nuclear powerplants are no longer a threat to the health and safety of America and that the production of nuclear power is not an invitation to produce nuclear weapons. Those are two things I think we have to face head-on.  I am lured by the notion that this is carbon-free power--electricity--having seen a production of a documentary by a gentleman from Tennessee by the name of Gore. Al Gore's documentary ``An Inconvenient Truth'' was an unsettling experience as he laid out in an hour and a half or so, I thought with real clarity and precision, the challenge of global warming and what will happen if we continue to add carbon dioxide to the atmosphere, increasing greenhouse gases and global warming, watching climate change, and all of the things that are likely to occur. It is a challenge to all of us. So I salute the Senator from Tennessee because there are many things he said with which I agree.  I am going to look at this bill carefully. I am troubled; I think the allocation of money to the States is very generous. It is a departure from where we have been in the past for offshore drilling to this extent, this far away from the coast. But I am going to look at it carefully and honestly to see if it is the right approach before I make a final decision. But I thank him for his statement on the floor here this evening relative to energy, and there is probably more that brings us together than divides us on this important issue.  (The remarks of Mr. Durbin pertaining to the introduction of S. 3744 are located in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  