I am honored that the Senator from Oklahoma would join me as a cosponsor.  In speaking to this amendment, this morning's Washington Post had a front-page story that should startle and trouble all of us. It is a story about the status of emergency rooms in hospitals across America. The organization that represents the emergency rooms and their physicians across America has issued a troubling report which suggests that many of those emergency rooms are not really adequately staffed or prepared to deal with emergencies. Too often, the men and women who are brought there in terrible medical situations can't find the help they need. As a result, they are shipped off to other hospitals or they wait sometimes up to 2 days before they are admitted to a bed in the regular hospital. It is a serious problem.  You might ask: What does that have to do with the Department of Defense authorization bill? Part of the problem facing the emergency rooms is also facing hospitals and clinics across America, and the problem is this: We don't have enough health care professionals; in particular, we don't have enough nurses in America. We know this is a fact.  Just last week, an administrator of a major hospital in Chicago came to see me. She is a wonderful woman. She is a Catholic nun who runs a hospital in one of the toughest parts of Chicago--Inglewood--and she has kept that hospital open. I don't know how she has done it. It has been nothing short of a miracle. The biggest single problem that she faces year in and year out is not just coming up with money but finding nurses.  I said to her: What do you pay a nurse?  And she said: About $50,000 a year. But, she said, if I can't hire that nurse for $50,000 a year, I have to buy what we call contract nurses. There are companies which, when hospitals don't have enough nurses, will send a nurse in to work for a day, a week, or a month. But the contract nurses cost three times as much, $150,000 annualized salary.  She said to me: Senator, I don't know if I can keep this hospital open if I can't find nurses.  This isn't just a problem at that hospital. It is a problem across my State and across our Nation. I am from downstate Illinois, a part of our State dominated by smaller towns, rural areas, struggling to keep hospitals open. We know better than most that when one of our neighbors goes into labor, she may not have the time to make it to the big city where there is a big hospital. She is counting on that rural hospital being open. When she gets there, she is counting on finding a nurse and a doctor to help her.  In many places in rural Illinois and across our country, the same challenge that faces the administrator of that hospital in the Inglewood section of Chicago is facing them: inadequate supplies of professionals, health care professionals.  The ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan have increased the need for qualified nurses in military medical facilities. Unfortunately, the military faces the same difficulty in recruiting and in the retention of nurses as the civilian medical facilities which I just described. Neither the Army nor the Air Force has met their nurse recruitment goals since the 1990s. In 2004, the Navy nurse core recruitment fell 32 percent below its target, while the Air Force missed its nurse recruitment target by 30 percent.  Have you seen this special on HBO called ``Baghdad ER''? I have watched a little bit of it. As you watch it, you realize the heroic efforts that are being made by the men and women in the military who are providing emergency medical care to our soldiers who are shot in Iraq. It is incredible. It is heartbreaking to think about what they go through every day.  Now, put it in the context where the major sources of military nurses are telling us they can't recruit enough nurses fast enough. Last year, the Army experienced a 30-percent shortage of certified registered nurse anesthetists, as one example.  I have talked about civilian hospitals. According to the American College of Health Care Executives, 72 percent of hospitals have been experiencing a nursing shortage since 2004, and it is growing. This chart that I will show you is an indication of the projected shortfalls and shortages in registered nurses. The dark blue indicates the supply of nurses, which continues to decline, and, of course, the lighter blue, the shortage, which continues to increase. As you can see, our need for nurses is growing, and it is no surprise. We have an aging population that needs help: specialized medical care that requires specialized nurses. Time and again we find ourselves relying and counting on those nurses to be there, and we see from this chart as we project forward for the next 15 years that the problem is going to get much worse.  The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services looked at all licensed nurses, both civilian and military. They found that in the year 2000, our country was 110,000 nurses short of the number needed to adequately provide quality health care--110,000 across our Nation. Five years later, that shortage had doubled to 219,000 nurses that we needed and didn't have in America. By the year 2020, we will be more than 1 million nurses short of what is necessary for quality health care.  Now, the National Institutes of Health can engage in medical research to find new cures and treatments for diseases, and God bless them for all the work they do. The best and brightest minds can get together in laboratories and find new pharmaceuticals and new medical devices that give us a new lease on life. But we know that when the moment comes, when we need this help, we need a nurse. And if we find ourselves in a few short years with a million fewer nurses than we actually need, it will compromise the quality and availability of health care in America. It is not just a problem for the military, as I mentioned earlier, it is a nationwide problem.  To avoid the vast shortages the Department of Health and Human Services is projecting, we have to make a significant and substantial increase in the number of nurses graduating and entering the workforce each year. Just to replace the nurses who are retiring, we need to increase student enrollment at nursing schools by 40 percent. This chart is an indication of where we are, starting in the year 2000. This shows the baseline supply of nurses across America, which you can see is declining. This next line, the green line, shows the demand which is going up dramatically for nurses in our society, and this purple line shows what happens if 90 percent--the supply if 90 percent more grads take place. So even increasing graduate nurses by 90 percent over the next 15 years will still leave us short of our national goal.  Clearly, this is an emergency which has to be addressed. The baseline demand for nurses is rising; the supply is falling. If we increase the number of nurses graduating from nursing school by 90 percent by 2020, we are still not going to have enough.  I might add parenthetically, there is another element to this issue. I have been involved in this as long as I have been in public service. Small hospitals, small towns come to you desperate because they have lost their doctor. They need a doctor, and I do my best to find a doctor. But in 9 cases out of 10, the doctor you find comes from a foreign land. Many doctors have come to the United States from India, from Asia, from Africa, and we welcome them. We greet their families warmly as they have come to our country, and they are meeting our needs. And I thank them for making the decision to come and be a part of the solution to America's health care problem. But I have come to learn that there are two sides to this equation. The other side of the equation, of course, is that these doctors and nurses and health care professionals are leaving a land, too.  Last year, and over the last several years, we have taken 20,000 health care professionals out of Africa; doctors and nurses, people who really are essential in the frontline of defense when it comes to medical care. We have attracted them to the United States, to England, to Germany, and to France, and it is no surprise that they want to be here. Doctors in central Africa are paid $600 a month by the Government, if they are paid. They work in substandard conditions. Despite their education, they struggle to provide even the most basic care. In the area of eastern Congo in Goma, where I visited with Senator Brownback just a few months ago, we learned that there was one doctor for every 160,000 people. Think about that: one doctor for every 160,000 people. What is the number in the United States? We have 549 doctors for every 100,000 people. Also, think about what it means when it comes to specialties like surgery.  I asked them in this hospital in Goma in Congo--where women were lined up in long lines praying that this would be the day or the week or the month when they would finally have the necessary surgery that they had been waiting so long for--I asked them: How many surgeons do you have in this part of Africa? This doctor said to me: We have one surgeon for every 1 million people--one surgeon for every 1 million. What does that mean? It would mean in the United States, three surgeons for the entire city of Chicago. Think about what those poor people face without those medical professionals.  So those who argue that the answer to our need in the United States will be bringing in nurses and doctors and professionals from around the world have to understand that this equation is not a zero sum. We end up bringing in these health care professionals at the expense of other countries and other people who face many more medical challenges than in the United States.  Some would say: Well, that is their problem. They ought to pay their doctors more or train more. But it is our problem, too. If an avian flu epidemic, God forbid, should ever start, if there would be a transmission from an animal to a human, it would likely occur in one of these developing nations. If they don't have the capacity to move immediately to contain that crisis to make sure there are public health officials and doctors and nurses present, and if they don't do it within 21 days, that epidemic can circle the world.  Diseases which used to die on immigrant ships coming across the ocean live quite well, unfortunately, on the airliners that crisscross this globe every single day. So if you take away the medical professionals in some of the poorest nations on Earth, you are opening the possibility that the dread diseases in that part of the world will make it to our part of the world. That is part of this shrinking globe on which we live.  The problem, when you look at the United States, is that there are not enough teachers at schools of nursing. Last year, nursing colleges across America denied admission to 35,000 qualified applicants for nursing school simply because they didn't have enough teachers at the nursing schools. Think about that: 35,000 more nurses that we could train and have serving us and others in the military and civilian life.  In my home State of Illinois, schools of nursing are denying qualified students admittance because they don't have enough teachers. Last year, 1,900 qualified student applicants were rejected from Illinois nursing schools because there weren't enough professors. Northern Illinois University in Dekalb, one of our best, was forced to turn down 233 qualified nursing applicants because they didn't have enough teachers and financial resources.  Illinois State University, another top university in our State, increased its enrollment by 50 percent in nursing over the past 5 years by working with health care systems and seeking grants, but last year, ISU was still forced to reject 100 qualified nursing applicants because they didn't have enough faculty and fiscal resources.  Take a look at this chart which is an indication of what we are being told by nursing schools. Sixty-six percent, or two out of three nursing schools across the United States, tell us that they need additional faculty. We find that in some schools there are no vacancies and no additional faculty needed. That is 18 percent. And in 15 percent, almost 16 percent, there are no vacancies, but they could use additional faculty. They could expand. The American Association of Colleges of Nursing surveyed more than 400 schools of nursing last year. As I said, two out of three reported vacancies in their faculty. Fifteen percent said they are fully staffedbut could use more faculty. These statistics paint a bleak picture for the availability of nursing faculties now and into the future.  Take a look at this final chart I will show you which is showing that there is, as in most things in America, a graying of the population that serves us. The median age of doctorally prepared nursing faculty members is 52. The average age of retirement for faculty at nursing institutions is 62. It is expected that 200 to 300 doctorally prepared faculty will be eligible for retirement each year from 2005 to 2012, reducing faculty, even though more than a million are needed. The military recruits nurses.  I want to thank all the men and women who are in nursing in the military and all in our medical professions. But they recruit from the same place that doctors and hospitals also recruit: civilian nursing schools.  Unless we address the lack of faculty, there is going to be a shortage of nurses everywhere. In 1994, the Department of Defense established a program which is a terrific idea. It is called Troops to Teachers. It serves the dual purpose of helping relieve the shortages of math, science, and special education teachers in high-poverty schools and assists military personnel in making transitions from the military to a second career in teaching. It is a terrific idea. As of January 2004--listen to this--more than 6,000 former soldiers have been hired as teachers through the Troops to Teachers Program, and an additional 6,700 are now qualified teachers looking for placements. We need teachers, and the men and women trained and educated in the military who want to serve bring a special quality to this mission.  The amendment which I have before the Senate will set up a pilot program--we call it Troops to Nurse Teachers--to encourage nurses in the Reserves, retiring nurses, or those leaving the military, to pursue a career teaching the future nurse workforce. More than 300 nurses left the Army last year. Historically, about 330 nurses leave the Air Force each year. Between 30 and 40 percent of the nurses in the Navy leave after they fulfill their initial obligation.  The Troops to Nurse Teachers Pilot Program will provide transitional assistance for servicemembers who already hold a master's or Ph.D. in nursing or related field and are qualified to teach. Eligible servicemembers can receive career placement assistance, transitional stipends, and educational training from accredited schools of nursing to expedite their transition. Troops to Nurse Teachers will also establish a pilot scholarship program that will provide financial assistance to officers of the armed services who have been involved in nursing during their military service and help them obtain the education necessary to become nursing educators. Tuition stipends and financing for educational expenses would be provided. Recipients of scholarships must commit to teaching at an accredited school of nursing for at least 3 years in exchange for the educational support they receive. The Secretary of Defense may also require them to continue their service in selected reserve areas or perform other public service in exchange for this program.  The supporters of this amendment include the American Nurses Association, the American Hospital Association, the American Association of Colleges of Nursing, the American Organization of Nurse Executives, the American Health Care Association, and the National League for Nursing.  Let me conclude. We must increase the number of teachers preparing tomorrow's nursing workforce. With the aging of the baby boom generation, long-term needs of growing numbers of wounded veterans and military and civilian health care systems will need qualified nurses more than ever in the years to come. Let's take quality men and women serving in the armed services, who gave so much to this country, and tell them that when they leave the armed services there is an option where they can continue to serve America as professors and teachers in our nursing schools. This will increase the capacity of these nursing schools, provide more nurses for America, which is what we need, and lessen the demand for nurses to come from overseas where they are also desperately needed. I think this is a winning opportunity all across the board, and I encourage my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan amendment.  I reserve the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  