President, I rise in support of the amendment being offered by my colleague from Vermont to provide much-needed emergency assistance to sub-Saharan Africa and elsewhere through the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance.  Specifically, his amendment, which I am proud to cosponsor, would increase humanitarian aid funds by $35 million.  The amendment has also now been modified to provide $12 million for hurricane relief assistance to Guatemala, which I also support.  This supplemental is intended to meet emergencies. Well, many countries in Africa especially face dire emergencies, and the money provided in the Leahy amendment is desperately needed.  The United Nations reports that more than 8 million people are facing a food crisis in the Horn of Africa--2 million people in Ethiopia alone are facing critical food shortages.  The world has waited too long before, to respond to crises in Ethiopia and elsewhere. Let's act now and not wait for the television cameras to jar us into action.  The Bush administration has not requested additional funds in the supplemental bill to meet this mounting crisis, despite the fact that conditions in the region have worsened considerably in recent months.  Other regions are also facing emergency situations, most notably West Africa, the Great Lakes region, and Chad.  And yet, in spite of these growing needs, the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance faces the prospect of having to slash the budgets of lifesaving programs.  I want to focus on one example: the Democratic Republic of Congo.  I am told that in the Democratic Republic of Congo, critical U.S. assistance budgets for this year may be cut in half.  In December, I visited the DRC, and I have to tell you, it is hard to imagine a place in greater need.  However, budgetary pressures are forcing U.S. programs in the DRC to collapse the depth and breadth of their efforts.  This means cutting food security programs, clean water, maternal and child health care programs, and other efforts to address fundamental human needs.  The DRC has been wracked by war for years.  Now, it finally sees some hope, but there are 2 million displaced people there.  The Democratic Republic of Congo has long been called one of the world's most neglected emergencies. Let's change that.  The situation in the DRC is just one of the humanitarian crises that currently plague the continent of Africa.  But we can make a difference. We must not cut our disaster assistance to countries like the Congo in half.  That kind of cut undermines everything we have been trying to do. It would be a strategic mistake and a moral failure.  I call on my colleagues to support this additional emergency aid offered by the Leahy amendment.  These supplemental funds are urgently needed and they will go a long way toward providing relief to the millions of Africans and others in the world who find themselves facing absolutely dire circumstances.  