President, first, let me acknowledge the obvious. A lot of work has gone into this bill. Senator Specter, Senator Leahy, and members of the Judiciary Committee, including Senator Hatch, have spent hours, days, weeks, and months preparing this bill. It is a bill that should have taken a long time because it is a bill that says something very basic and fundamental and, in many ways, revolutionary: It says we can no longer trust the court system in America. It says the court system is inadequate in America to compensate victims. That is a charge not made lightly, I am sure, by the sponsor of this legislation. It is one we should not take lightly on the floor of the Senate because we have established over the course of this Nation's history some things which are generally accepted by most Americans.  It is true that Congress and legislatures write the law. The President and executive branch enforce it. And when it comes to making decisions of how that law applies to our lives, we trust the courts. The decision has been made by those who are pushing this bill that we can no longer trust the courts. The decision has been made that we have to replace our court system with something else. If we are going to step away from a time-honored institution and tradition in America to create an alternative, it is a daunting task.  Those of us who have been critical of this legislation are going to hold the sponsors to some very fundamental questions. The first: Can you provide the same level of fairness and compensation in your new system that the courts of America provide today? The answer can be found in responses from victims groups around the country. The victims of asbestos have been writing to Members of Congress saying: Don't pass this legislation. The compensation you will give to the victims and their families is inadequate and unpredictable. Those families have come to see me. They have heartbreaking stories--stories of young men and young women whose lives were snuffed out because of exposure to asbestos. In not a single case have I ever met somebody who said: I guess I knew I had it coming to me; I decided to expose myself to asbestos. I never ran into a person like that or heard a story like that.  The victims of asbestos are as surprised by the diagnosis as they can be. It is no surprise to us when we consider this insidious disease. These flaky fibers which are breathed into the lungs can sit there like a timebomb for decades. Do you recall the movie actor named Steve McQueen? He died from mesothelioma. He was exposed to asbestos at some point in his life, which later exploded into a fatal lung disease. Earlier this week on the floor, I talked about my former colleague, Bruce Vento, of Minnesota, a Congressman from St. Paul. He was a picture of health and was in the gym every morning, and then he didn't feel well. He went to the doctor, and after a chest x-ray, they said: You were somehow in your life exposed to asbestos. Now you have mesothelioma and just months to live.  Those stories are repeated over and over again about men who worked in asbestos mines who got off scot-free and never developed a problem, but their wives at home, who shook out their work clothes before putting them into the washer, breathed in the fibers and contracted asbestosis and mesothelioma and died. It is insidious.  I could spend more than an hour telling you that, since 1934, the companies which have been creating asbestos products have known how dangerous this product is. I could, and maybe I will at some point, go through the extensive evidence of deception and cover-up by these companies so that their employees did not understand the serious dangers they were exposed to in the workplace, and the dangers that many of them took home in their work clothes. These victims and their families come to visit me--lovely young women from the Chicago suburbs with beautiful children, and they show pictures of families whose husbands were lost in their early forties to mesothelioma.  This bill says that compensation for victims of asbestos is capped at $1.1 million. If you happen to be a mesothelioma victim, that's only $1.1 million for medical bills, lost wages, and to raise children. That is a figure which might have sounded pretty large to start with, but it begins to be very modest when you look at individual victims and their families. That is why the victims have come to us and said: Don't replace the court system in America with this approach. It is not fair to the victims.  Others have come to us as well and said that the way you put the money into the trust fund, which is supposed to pay the victims, is a mystery. We have repeatedly asked the chairman of the Judiciary Committee who is the sponsor of the legislation, to provide us with the documentation. Please show us how $140 billion will adequately compensate the victims of asbestos exposure over the 50-year life span of this bill. We are still waiting for the information. So we are going to replace the court system with a trust fund. We are going to say that $140 billion will be enough for 50 years, without any evidence of how that number was arrived at or whether that number will really meet the needs of the victims. I will speak in a few moments about those experts who have analyzed this bill and found that the numbers underlying the assumptions are totally wrong.  Another group that comes to us to discuss this bill are those being asked to pay into the trust fund that will be created by this bill. The argument has been made on the floor, thank goodness, that the taxpayers won't have to pay into this. These will be businesses and insurance companies which will put money in the trust fund so they don't have to pay out asbestos claims any longer in court. Well, it turns out that some businesses will do quite well. Some of them are going to receive a windfall in terms of what they have put into this fund as opposed to what they might pay in court.  U.S. Gypsum is a company that has a large legal exposure for asbestos. Because of corporate reports they made public in the last couple of weeks, we now know that, in order for the company to pay out all the existing claims filed against USG by victims of asbestos, they estimate it will cost them in the range of $4 billion. This chart is an excerpt of an article from BusinessWeek dated January 27, 2006, which says, USG is willing to cough up $4 billion to settle victims' claims. That is $4 billion of asbestos exposure for this one corporation. So if they didn't pay that amount in court settlements, and instead came into this bill, what would they pay into this trust fund? That figure is $900 million, according to USG's own corporate report.  This is a windfall. They have to be smiling and praying this bill is going to pass because if it does, the company is off the hook for over $3 billion of legal liability that they even admit to in court. And who will make up the difference? Who is going to make up the $3.1 billion this company should be paying the victims? Other companies. Companies that may never have had many lawsuits filed against them because of asbestos, and companies that have never paid out a penny in terms of asbestos claims, even if they were sued. These smaller companies will be expected to pay millions and millions of dollars into this trust fund when larger companies are walking away with a windfall.  So we asked again to the sponsor of this legislation: If you cannot tell us how you arrived at the figure of $140billion, can you at least give us the names of the companies and how much they are expected to contribute into this trust fund? And we are still waiting.  The chairman spoke yesterday about how he was going to subpoena these records. I hope they will be produced during the course of this debate. I hope we will have a list of all the businesses with----  