 Despite the fact we have been pushing for a year, even speaking to this issue in the Senate today, sending a letter to Senator Frist tomorrow, I thank him and congratulate Senator Frist. This is a bipartisan bill. It is critically important to our Nation to move forward on stem cell medical research.  When President Bush closed down this promising area of medical research almost 5 years ago, we left a void in terms of opportunity for finding cures for critical diseases.  It has never been a partisan issue. Former First Lady Nancy Reagan has pushed for stem cell research. Senator Orrin Hatch, Senator Arlen Specter--there have been so many who have stepped forward asking for stem cell research. In the spirit of this announcement from Senator Frist, I hope we can move forward in a bipartisan fashion, pass the key bill, H.R. 810, by July 18, and send it to President Bush. I hope he will reconsider his promised veto of this bill.  I ask, if I might, of the Senator from Nevada, when it comes to the Voting Rights Act, another issue which the Senator raised, the Senator and I are from a common generation that recalls the civil rights struggle we lived through as we went through school and watched it unfold in America. The Voting Rights Act was passed to protect the rights of minorities to vote across the United States.  I ask the Senator from Nevada whether he is aware of a comment made by Jack Kemp, the former Republican Vice Presidential nominee, a former Republican Member of Congress, when speaking of the House Republicans' efforts to stop reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act--this has been occurring over the last few weeks--that former Vice Presidential nominee Jack Kemp said that his Republican Party had better get this thing passed; we need to get back on the right side of history.  I ask the Senator from Nevada, has this not been a bipartisan issue, the Voting Rights Act, where both parties tried to be on the right side of history in moving toward more opportunity and striking down discrimination when it came to voting in elections in America?  