I can tell you--reclaiming my time, I would say to the Senator from Idaho, most of the work that has been going on has been off the floor in the Republican caucus because the Republican majority has to decide whether we are going to have a comprehensive immigration bill. There are 55 votes on their side of the aisle, 45 votes on our side of the aisle.  We are standing firm in the belief that the bipartisan bill which emerged from the Senate Judiciary Committee, with the support of the Republican chairman, Senator Specter, is the good starting point for us to really address comprehensive immigration reform, for the first time in decades.  The heavy lifting has been off the floor while the party of the Senator from Idaho has been trying to decide their place in history. Will they be part of a comprehensive bipartisan immigration reform or stand in its path? They have to make that decision. We cannot make it on the floor for them. The sooner they make it, the better.  Last night, the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, filed a cloture motion to make it clear there will be a moment of reckoning. Here on the Senate floor, in very short order, the Republicans and Democrats will face a basic choice: Do we stop, do we kill this bill, this bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill or do we move forward? I hope we move forward because I think this is a good bill.  When I listened to the Senator from Idaho talk about enforcement, well, let me say, the enforcement provisions of the bill before us are amazing. And I use that term advisedly. But they are amazing.  We increase the number of Border Patrol agents over the next 5 years by 12,000--12,000. Currently, there are about 2,000. Think about that. What a dramatic increase in making our borders safer.  We increase the number of interior agents going after those who should not be in this country by 5,000 over the next 5 years.  Agents dedicated to combating alien smuggling, up 1,000 over the next 5 years.  We also require the Department of Homeland Security to construct at least 200 miles of vehicle barriers at all-weather roads in areas known as transit points for illegal crossings. This is in the bill before us.  We understand, as most would concede, that America's borders are out of control. They are broken down. Part of any comprehensive immigration package must have strong enforcement. The bipartisan bill before us does exactly that.  It goes on to require primary fencing in areas where we think it is necessary to stop illegal crossings. There are technology enhancements, replacing existing fencing, constructing vehicle barriers in certain Arizona population centers. The list goes on and on. Criminalization--greater penalties for those crossing the border illegally.  All of these things indicate this is not just a bill dealing with legalization, it is a bill dealing with enforcement. We took the provisions which Senator Frist, the Republican leader, offered and we duplicated them. So to argue the bill before us is weak on enforcement does not stand up. It is strong on enforcement.  But let me be clear. Our lesson is this: Simply increasing enforcement will not solve the immigration problems of America. We have 2,000 border agents now. We have increased them over the years. We have done a lot over the last 4 or 5 years, and illegal immigration has continued. You need to do more.  In addition to border enforcement, you have to do two things. You have to deal with the employment. What is the magnet that draws people across that border into the United States? It is the prospect of a job, a job that will pay much more than they can make in their villages in Mexico, in Central America, or in Poland or Ireland, for that matter.  What we do is say that the employers who illegally hire people and exploitthem are going to be held accountable. There are tough penalties under the law. So border enforcement is tough. Employer enforcement is tough, as it should be.  But there is a third element. The third element gets to the heart of the issue. What are we going to do about 11 or 12 million people currently in the United States who are not documented? If you listen to some of the cable show hosts, they say: Send them home. Deport 12 million people. That is totally unrealistic. Physically, it could not be achieved. If it could be, it would be an expense far greater than anyone could imagine for this country.  What we have to do is have realistic, tough, fair answers. Here is what we have come up with. If you are here, having overstayed a visa, or without documentation, in the United States, we will give you a chance, a chance to become legal. But it is a long, hard road. It will take you 11 years--11 years--of your life. You better be committed to being part of America's future--11 years.  In the course of that 11 years, it is not going to be easy. If you break the law, you are out. If you are not working, demonstrating employment, caring for your family, you cannot qualify. If you do not pass a criminal background check, you are out. If you do not pay a fine of several thousand dollars, you are out. If you have not learned English, you are out. If you have not paid your back taxes, you are out. If you do not understand this government, its history, and what our country is all about, you cannot qualify.  Do you call that amnesty? Does that sound like something that is automatic, moving to the head of the line, a free ride? It is not. It is a hard, tough process.  I come to the floor--and I have said it before; I want to repeat it, as many have in their own personal circumstances--as the son of an immigrant. My mother was brought to America at the age of 2 in 1911. My grandmother brought her, her brother, and sister over on a boat from Lithuania. They landed not at Ellis Island but in Baltimore. They caught the train to St. Louis and went across Eades Bridge over to the east side of the river in East St. Louis, IL, to meet up with my grandfather, who was working in common immigrant labor--steel mills and stockyards and things we did in that part of the world.  I do not know if my mother, who became a naturalized citizen in her twenties, could have met the qualifications of this bill--all of them. They are tough. They are demanding. I hope she could have, but she may not have. Fortunately for me, she became a naturalized citizen. I am very proud of that. She raised a family with my dad--three boys, and one of them turned out to be the 47th Senator from the State of Illinois.  That is an American story, a story repeated over and over and over again. We want this bill to reflect American values. We want this bill to basically say: We are going to fix a broken immigration system. We are going to repair our borders with real enforcement. We are going to make certain that the employers who are making this situation even worse are going to be penalized. We are going to do that and give those who are here a chance to become legalized.  The Presiding Officer up here from the State of South Carolina has been very articulate about this issue. He has spoken out in many places, and I admire the statements he has made. He has noted the fact that there are many people currently serving in the U.S. Armed Forces who are not citizens. That is a fact. You do not have to be a citizen to serve as a soldier. And many of them are risking their lives today, in uniform, for the United States of America. Over 50 have been killed in Iraq. They are not legally citizens but serving their country they love, willing to risk their lives for this country.  It has been raised by the Senator from South Carolina, and others: What are we saying to them? What are we saying to those who have served, those who have risked their lives and may come home having lost a limb or suffering some serious injury? Are we saying to them that their parents, their family, must still live in the shadows of America? Or are we going to give them a chance? That is what this bill is all about.  So we have a strong bipartisan bill, supported by the Senator from Pennsylvania, supported by three other members of the majority party in the Senate Judiciary Committee.  It is true. We have been rather steadfast in our belief that this process has to move forward. And we only have a few days to try to capture the moment and to bring together the political forces to do something historic.  Last Saturday, I went to a high school in Chicago. Cristo Rey is a Jesuit high school in an area of Chicago that has a largely Mexican population. It is an incredible school with dedicated teachers, administrators who are trying to give kids a fighting chance. They know what the statistics tell us. Fifty percent of Hispanic Americans drop out of school. So they are fighting against the odds to keep these kids in school. I stood there on a stage with about 20 students from that high school and surrounding high schools, some who had graduated a few years ago and some who were currently about to graduate. I listened to their stories.  Oscar Ramirez was there. I had met him before. He said: Senator, the last time you met me, I was pursuing my degree in biology from the University of Illinois in Chicago. I got it. I got my bachelor of science degree in biology. Right now, I have applied for a master's for research in neurobiology. But once I get my master's degree--and I am going to get it--I am still undocumented. In the eyes of the Government, I am supposed to leave.  I ask my colleagues, is America a better place if Oscar leaves? Is this country better that a person of that talent would leave us at this point? He came here as a child. His parents brought him here. They didn't ask for him to vote on where to live; they brought him. This is the only land he has ever known. He defied the odds--not only graduated from high school, but he has a bachelor's degree and is going for an advanced degree. Wouldn't we be a better country with Oscar Ramirez as a citizen doing neurobiological research on Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's? Wouldn't we be a better place?  Standing next to him was a young woman about to get her bachelor's degree in the city of Chicago in computer science and math who said: All I want to do is teach. I want to teach in high school. I hope that some kids will be as excited about math as I am.  Can we give up on a person like that? Are we ready to say we don't need them in America--thank you for dropping by, but you can go back to wherever you came from? I don't think so. I think what they bring to America is exactly what we need--values that we cherish, values that distinguish us from many other countries. Why is this such a great nation? Because it is a nation of immigrants and a nation of immigrant spirit, the spirit of those who were willing to get up and take a risk where others were not.  When my mother's family left the tiny village of Jurbarkas in Lithuania, I am sure there were villagers around them shaking their heads, saying: What are they thinking? They are leaving their home, the little plot of land they are tending to grow vegetables. They are leaving the church where they were baptized, their language, their culture, to go to a place where they can't even speak the language. That Kutkin family must be crazy.  It was a crazy family like my grandparents and many like them who have made this great Nation. They brought here risk taking. They brought here family values. They were going to stick together through thick or thin, and they did it. Because of them, because of their courage and the courage of millions like them, we are a different nation. Where other nations are torn apart by divisions, our diversity gives us strength.  That is what this bill tries to capitalize on. That is what this bill tries to build on. It says: Let us take the strength of that immigrant spirit and build a stronger America for tomorrow. Create obstacles in the path, create requirements, give people a chance to earn their way to citizenship. It is a hard, long path, but an important one.  The Senate bill we passed takes this comprehensive approach. It is tough. It is fair. We improve border security, deploy new technology, increase our manpower, crack down on employers that are hiring millions of undocumented workers. We do need tougherenforcement. We believe that. But in the Judiciary Committee bill, we acknowledge something that Senator Frist, the Republican majority leader of the Senate, and Chairman James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin did not acknowledge--a strategy that focuses only on enforcement is doomed to fail. In the last decade, we tripled the Border Patrol agents in America. We have spent eight times as many hours patrolling the border. During that same time, the number of undocumented immigrants has doubled. Enforcement alone is not enough. We need a realistic and comprehensive approach.  As the Department of Homeland Security acknowledges, mass deportation, which we might hear on some of the cable talk shows, isn't going to work and will cost us billions of dollars if we try. Amnesty is not an option, simply waving our hand and saying to everyone who is here: You are now legal citizens, enjoy America. That isn't the right thing to do, either.  What we try to do is find a reasonable middle ground. If we are serious about reform, we need to offer the chance for immigrants who work hard, play by the rules, pay their taxes, learn English, a chance to become legal in America.  Incidentally, what Senator Kyl said earlier about those who should be disqualified, I can't argue with him. When it comes to criminal records, let's be honest, if you want to be a citizen and you want to commit crimes here, we don't want you. Can I be any clearer? If you want to commit a violent crime, if you want to endanger the life of another person with a sawed-off shotgun or commit crime of moral turpitude, you can leave right now. We don't need you, and we don't want you. We make that clear in the bill. It is already there. If you want to make it all the way to citizenship, you can't have a criminal record, period.  You have to have been employed since January 2004. Aliens who enter after that date or who have not worked continuously since then would not qualify. You have to remain continuously employed going forward. You have to pay about $2,000 in fines and fees, pass a security background check, a medical exam, learn English, learn about our history and government, and pay all back taxes. And then, if you meet all of those requirements, you go to the back of the line so that people who are trying to move forward in this convoluted, bureaucratic legal process will still be in the front of the line before you.  It is clear that is not amnesty. That is a process, a long, arduous process. It is an 11-year pathway to citizenship.  We have an important bill before us, a bipartisan bill. We have a singular opportunity to make history this week in the Senate. If we press forward with a bipartisan spirit, the same spirit that guided the Senate Judiciary Committee, we can achieve this. Having achieved it, we will be able to say that we tackled one of the biggest problems facing America today and dealt with it in a responsible fashion.  I will not renew my unanimous consent request because I know the Senator from Pennsylvania would object. There is no point wasting our time in that regard. I thank him for his leadership. I know he is trying to find some balance to build a bridge over the troubled waters of the Senate. But at this moment in time, we are prepared to move on the four amendments we have agreed to and three others. We would like to do that, I say to the Senator from Georgia. The amendment which we are prepared to accept may not be the one you want today, but perhaps we could get to your amendment at a later time. I hope we can.  I yield the floor.  