President, I hope to restate the unanimous consent request which was agreed to accurately. It is my understanding that at 4:45 we will have a vote on the motion to table the pending amendment by Senator Cornyn of Texas, and that the time be equally divided between now and then, which would be 60 minutes, 30 minutes to each side; that I am controlling the 30 minutes in opposition to the motion to table. I will yield from that amount 15 minutes to Senator Cornyn to speak during the same period. He can use that time, even if I don't have to give him the floor at the moment.  We have to understand what we are considering. I am sure people who are watching this debate wonder why we take so much time going into quorum calls and talking among ourselves trying to come to some agreement about what we are going to do. That is the way the Senate operates. We operate by unanimous consent. Everyone has to agree. Think about that--100 different Senators coming to an agreement. However, we have managed, at least to the point of bringing this to a vote.  The vote is important because the bill before the Senate right now is a bill about asbestos. Everyone knows asbestos is a lethal substance which, if inhaled, can kill you. It can cause your lungs to stop functioning, you can start to suffocate, and you can develop something like lung cancer called mesothelioma and die. People all across America, since we started using asbestos in products, have been exposed to it. Some are fortunate and they do not get sick. Others, with very minor exposure inhaling these asbestos fibers, have set off little timebombs in their lungs, and they never know when they will detonate. Victims can go for 10, 20, 30, 40 years after exposure and nothing happens; then something terrible happens. How do they know it is asbestos that causes it? Some of these conditions are only related to asbestos. Mesothelioma is one of them.  People who have been exposed to asbestos over the years have gone to court and said: The companies that exposed me to products that harmed me should be held accountable. Some courts and some juries have said, yes, they should pay; others have said, no, they should not pay. But what is the nature of our system of justice? You go to a court for your day in court, you tell them how you were injured, and you let a judge or jury of your neighbors and peers decide your fate. It happens every day across America in thousands and thousands of courtrooms.  Now comes this bill, Senate bill 852, which wants to change the way people across America will be able to recover for their injuries from asbestos. The first thing it does is to eliminate your option to go to court. As an American, you could be injured from exposure to some toxic chemical and go to court, have your day in court, and let the court decide. But if you have been exposed to this substance, to asbestos, if this law is passed, you will no longer be able to go to court.  What happens to you? This bill creates a brand new approach--replacing the courtrooms of America with a trust fund created by this bill, administered by an agency which does not exist at this moment, which will handle hundreds of thousands of people who have been exposed to asbestos.  Some Members come to the floor skeptical that we can change a judicial system in America and eliminate access to court to hundreds of thousands of people and get it right. If we do not get it right, the losers are not going to be embarrassed Senators; the losers are going to be victims across America, people whose lives have been changed and in some cases ended because of asbestos.  I don't know of a single person in America who said: Listen, I know asbestos will kill me; let me take a whiff of it. Not one. Virtually all the victims and families I have run into were unsuspecting people--workers on the job; a mechanic putting in an asbestos brake lining; somebody trying to put in a heating duct in a home and using an asbestos substance; asbestos shingles on your roof; asbestos tile on the floor--grinding it, cutting it, powder flying in every direction. Who knew? Who had any idea what was going on? So these victims, innocent victims, are the ones who will be affected by this bill.  It is a large bill, a bill of 393 pages. It should be because it is changing the basic system of justice in America. But this morning, this bill has become a dead letter. We are no longer considering that bill. We have a new bill. We were handed this bill this morning. It is 392 pages. It includes some 40 significant changes to the bill we had on our desks when we came to work this morning. We knew it was coming, we knew there would be a change, but these changes are significant.  Many Members believe that before we start enacting laws that are going to impact millions of victims across America, before we close down the courtrooms of America and say to people, what you used to assume was your right as an American citizen is no longer your right, we ought to be careful and we ought to take the time to get it right.  Some of the things that have been filed with this bill reflect the fact that even those preparing it really do not have it quite clear in their minds how it is going to work.  One of the amendments filed this morning, amendment 2747 by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee--I amcertain this was inadvertent--inadvertently included the following on lines 7 through 9:       (Note: I recognize that this may not be the most adequate      indicator of insurance matching liabilities--however, it is a      political reality that must be addressed.)  Does that sound like a sentence out of a law? I am sure it is not. It is a sentence from a staffer who, in preparing this language, notified someone that they were not sure what they were writing would achieve the goal they want to achieve. That happens all the time. I expect my staff to be candid with me when they are preparing a law. But it tells something. By inadvertently including this staff note with this amendment, it is clear that the people writing this bill are not sure what is in it. They are not sure what the impact will be.  What is driving this debate? Why are we so hellbent on passing this legislation at this moment? There are many good reasons, and there are many real reasons. One of the real reasons is that for many of the major corporations in America, this bill is a windfall.  This morning, Senator Bennett, a Republican from Utah, brought a chart to the Chamber and showed 10 of the major corporations in America, corporations that could be taken to court today because people were exposed to their products and have asbestos disease. He calculated how much they would pay into this trust fund under this bill against what they have said they would have to pay if they went to court. Those 10 corporations will save, with this bill, $20 billion. Do you think they want to see this bill passed? Why, of course they do. They have an economic interest in it. But the obvious question is: If they do not pay the $20 billion to victims, who will? Other companies?  Senator Bennett brought to the Senate another chart of companies that have never been sued for asbestos, never been held liable. Those companies will end up paying into this fund even though they never, ever have been sued successfully.  There is a basic unfairness here. There is a transfer of wealth in this bill from some of the largest corporations in America and a burden to smaller companies, not to mention that at the heart of this issue are hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of asbestos victims.  Now comes Senator Cornyn of Texas. He says: Consider another approach. Consider an approach that will look to what the States are currently doing to deal with this. Are there ways to change asbestos lawsuits so that victims get more, so that people are treated fairly, so that those who are trying to rip off the system on either side are not advantaged? And he turns to State laws. There have been several State laws, including Texas, Florida, and Ohio.  He says in his amendment: Let's establish medical criteria so that if you want to go to court, we know you are truly sick. Perhaps you cannot go shopping around for the friendliest court in your State or the Nation. He goes through a variety of different scenarios. All of them are worthy of debate.  The good thing about Senator Cornyn's amendment is it is based on the fundamental American right to have your day in court. Senator Cornyn is trying to achieve a procedural change in the courts of America which will not extinguish a basic American right to have your day in court.  I believe he filed the amendment early this afternoon, maybe late this morning. I am not certain. And now the other side is saying: That is it, we do not want to talk about that amendment anymore, let's get rid of it. They want to table that amendment.  As it is currently written, I could not support the amendment by the Senator from Texas, but I will stand with him to keep this amendment on the floor so we can try to find a bipartisan solution which does not have such great damage to our judicial system and to the people who rely on it. There will have to be significant changes in the Cornyn amendment before I would support it. But he has said to me that he is willing to sit down on a bipartisan basis in good faith to work out those differences, and he tells me there is significant support on the Republican side of the aisle for that effort.  Wouldn't that be the best outcome--an outcome that is bipartisan, one which tries to work out differences between both sides, keeping in mind the innocent victims, tries to make this system a little fairer, not basically abandoning our judicial system, which this new bill, new version of the bill we have been handed, would do? That is a sensible approach.  I am going to support the efforts of Senator Cornyn at this moment to resist a motion to table, with the understanding that before I will make any commitment to vote on his final amendment, we will have to sit down and try to work out our differences. It is not too much to ask.  Do you know how long this program is supposed to affect America? For 50 years. Is it worth a few hours, maybe even a day, to get it right? I believe it is.  I yield the floor.  