President, let me salute those on the floor who have been so instrumental in bringing us to this point.  I look over and see Senator Martinez, who has worked very hard to find a bipartisan compromise which I now support. I thank him for that leadership.  I say the same of Senator McCain and Senator Graham and so many others who have gathered here today. They are people of good will who generally want to pass a bill, as I do. The same can be said for many on our side of the aisle who have spent an extraordinary amount of time trying to find this common ground.  But let's be very blunt about where we are at the moment. It is 8:15 on Thursday night. Tomorrow is the last day of the session before a 2-week recess.  Clearly, if we don't reach some agreement as to how we are going to deal with this bill when we return after the Easter recess, it really is a troubling situation. I hope it is not a situation that would jeopardize the bill. We are trying to come up with a reasonable number of amendments. Yesterday, wecalculated there were 228 amendments filed to the pending bill. It is physically impossible to deal with that number of amendments. We know that. As the whip on this side, I have faced 100 or more amendments and had to try to talk Members out of them. At this point, we are trying to reach a reasonable number.  We have been given a list of potential amendments on the Republican side. I will tell you that almost without exception, they are authored by Senators who have expressly stated on the floor they want to defeat this bill. So at some point, we have to acknowledge the obvious. Senators should have the opportunity, I suppose, to express themselves, but if the purpose of the amendments is just to drag this out once we return to the point where it never passes, we have done a great disservice.  It was not that long ago that we gathered on the floor of the third floor of this Capitol in the press room congratulating ourselves on what we had achieved on a bipartisan basis. Supposedly there was a bipartisan will to move forward. We need the same thing now. And we need to acknowledge that every Senator who wants to offer every amendment cannot be allowed to do so, if we are ever going to complete action on the bill. Both sides have to be reasonable in the amount of amendments that will be offered or nothing will happen.  The final point the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, made, is equally important. We want the conference committee to be a working committee that understands the bill. The clearest way to achieve that is to have the Senate Judiciary Committee, with 10 Republicans and 8 Democrats, represent our interests, if the bill ever passes in the Senate. We think it is going to be an arduous process facing a House where the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee has passed a bill far different than the one we are considering in the Senate today. I don't think that is an unreasonable request by the Senator from Nevada. It reflects a two-vote plurality for the Republicans, as is usually the case, and brings the people to this conference committee who have worked on this bill the longest and the hardest. That is what we put on the table.  I sincerely hope that before we adjourn this evening we can announce an agreement to move forward. If we don't, I fear that tomorrow there will be a race for the airports without this resolved, and we will wait for 2 weeks in the hopes that when we return we will have the same spirit of bipartisan cooperation. We may and we may not. We shouldn't miss this chance, this historic opportunity to seize this moment and to pass comprehensive immigration reform which starts with enforcement of our borders, enforcement against employers who are misusing those who are undocumented, and a legal pathway so that those who have lived in the shadows and in fear for so long finally have a chance to prove themselves, in a long and difficult process, that they are in a position to be legal participants as part of our great democracy.  Tonight may be the test as to whether we can achieve that. I hope before we close down the session tonight, it is with the good news that we have reached a bipartisan agreement; otherwise, I am very concerned about the fate of this legislation.  I yield the floor.  