I thank my colleagues from Massachusetts and New Jersey.  Understand the situation we are talking about. This is not ordinary life in America. It is a time of a national emergency. It is a time of disaster. God forbid something like 9/11 should occur again; or Hurricane Katrina. It is an extraordinary circumstance where ordinary life is challenged, and we are just this close to seeing our society disintegrate, and the law enforcement officials are trying to keep things together. People are injured. People are pushed out of their homes. Fires are taking place. Chaos is reigning, and they are trying to keep the society together. So they make it clear that in some places, you can't use guns. Where you might have been able to use them under ordinary circumstances, because of a disaster, you cannot use them.  The example I use is you send the National Guardsmen in, they are sent in by the hundreds and thousands to maintain order, and then snipers start shooting at them. The police make it known that this will be a gun-free zone. We are going to confiscate every gun. We don't want any National Guardsmen killed because of this emergency, this disaster. Is that unreasonable? Not if it is your son or daughter who is a member of the National Guard.  But according to the Vitter amendment, the Vitter amendment would prohibit the seizure of a firearm based on the existence or a declaration of an emergency. You couldn't seize the firearm to protect the National Guardsmen or those, as the Senator from New Jersey said, driving down the street trying to put out the fire. People are shooting at them and they say: That is it, we are clearing the guns away from these major highways. We don't want people to be shooting at policemen and firemen and rescue workers. We don't want snipers killing people who are piling sandbags to save levees. Is any of that unreasonable? It sounds like exactly what we want our law enforcement agencies to do. But the Vitter amendment will tie their hands. The Vitter amendment will stop them.  One Senator came up to me on the floor and said: This doesn't sound like the Vitter amendment that was described to me earlier. It is not. This is the second rewrite of the original amendment. Each time Senator Vitter has rewritten it, in fairness to him, he has had to comply with Senate rules and he has had to change the wording, and now the wording is terrible. It no longer allows for existing State and Federal and local law enforcement, it no longer allows for the confiscation of guns that you know were used in the commission of a crime. These were in an earlier version of the amendment, but they are no longer there. It just says you can't use any of the funds in this act to seize a firearm based on the existence or the declaration of a state of emergency. It is the wrong way to go.  I suggest to the Senator from Louisiana that I hope he will withdraw this amendment. If he wants to do what the Senator from Idaho suggests, which is to put in an amendment to allow people to protect their own homes with their own legally owned firearms, I am not going to object to that. I don't think we should. But in this situation, in a disaster or an emergency, to say that law enforcement cannot control the flow of firearms--God forbid we face terrorism again in America and those people are armed and the law enforcement agencies don't have the power to take the guns away from them in a state of emergency. What are we thinking?  I hope the Senator from Louisiana will reconsider his position. I will yield the floor at this point and allow him to close, and then we can move to a rollcall if he requests one.  