President, I thank Senators Kennedy, Kyl, and Cornyn, as well as Senator McCain and those who are responsible for putting this together.  This is a dramatic improvement over the original version of this amendment.  I associate myself with the remarks of the Senator from South Carolina. I think of these laws and amendments in human terms that we deal with every day in our Senate offices. Almost 80 percent of all of the case work requests for help that we receive in my offices in Illinois relate to immigration. Every day, we have new situations and new family challenges that we are forced to confront. Some of them are heartbreaking.  I think specifically of the Benitez family in Chicago. Mr. Benitez is an American citizen. He works hard. He has lived in this country for many years. He is a wonderful man. I see him in downtown Chicago regularly when I am going around. It is always good to see such a fine man who has worked so hard and who really believes in his family. His wife came to this country on a visa, overstayed the visa, married him, and continued to live in the United States undocumented. They have four children. Mr. Benitez and his four children are all American citizens.  The mother of his undocumented wife died in Mexico. She went back to Mexico to the funeral of her mother. When she came back into the country, she was stopped at the border. Because of that, she has had an outstanding order of deportation. She made it back to the United States in an undocumented status with an outstanding order for deportation.  Is it justice in this case that this woman would somehow be deported from the United States at this moment if her husband and four children, all American citizens, are living here? They are good people, working hard, paying their taxes, speaking English, doing everything we ask of them. That is not fair.  We have added in this amendment an opportunity for Mrs. Benitez to appeal for a humanitarian waiver for family circumstances. The language of this amendment bears repeating so the intent is clear. We give to those aliens who would be subject to deportation an opportunity to petition in cases of extreme hardship if the alien spouse, parent, or child is a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence.  We have created a family unification, humanitarian waiver, nonreviewable, but at least it gives Mrs. Benitez and people like her a chance to say: Let me keep my family together. Let me stay in the United States. Give me a chance to become legal.  That is sensible. That makes good sense. I am glad Senators Cornyn and Kyl have agreed to this and we have come together. There are some people who will not be protected, those subject to orders of deportation who are currently single and do not have any relatives within the United States who would qualify under these provisions. This may not apply to them. But certainly for the family circumstance I just described, this humanitarian waiver is on all fours. This affects these families in a very positive way and gives them the chance they have been praying for for so long.  I commend Senator Kennedy and all who brought this together.  I yield the floor.  