President, I am glad we have finally come to this portion of the argument because it reinforces a lot of things that have been said on this Senate floor over the last several days. It really comes down to a very basic question, the question as to whether this bill has been carefully crafted, whether it contains enough money in the trust fund to compensate the hundreds of thousands of asbestos victims who will have to count on it.  I have raised this issue repeatedly as to the $140 billion figure. There are reliable estimates of the actual cost over a 50-year period of time that almost double the amount of this trust fund, some even higher.  Senator Kent Conrad on our side of the aisle is well respected as the ranking member of the Senate Budget Committee. His background as the head of taxes in his State of North Dakota, his own personal education and experience give him extraordinary credibility when it comes to issues of cost and issues involving accounting. He has made a convincing case to our caucus and to those who are listening on both sides of the aisle that the $140 billion that is part of this trust fund is not nearly adequate to the task.  Of course, if it isn't, what choices do we have? Senator Specter suggested on the floor the other day that if $140 billion wasn't enough to pay the victims, then we will pay the victims less. Today when I asked him a similar question, he said there are other options. You can say to these victims, if you have taken away their lawsuit that they worked on for a year or two, they have to stop their case in court. Then put them into this new trust fund system, and then the trust fund system fails them at some later date and doesn't pay them all they are entitled to, you can say to these victims: You can go back and start over in court now.  That is cold comfort to a family that is doing its best to take care of medical bills and lost wages and burial expenses for someone they love.  They have made a point over and over that under no circumstances will the Federal Government step in and make up the difference. I guess that verbal assurance is good, but we know there is always that possibility at some later date if this program doesn't work, if it fails, that someone will say we can't go back to the companies and ask them to put more money in the trust fund; we can't turn the victims loose; the right, compassionate thing to do is for the Federal taxpayers to step in.  It is not a farfetched argument, and it is one we have to consider as a possibility.  Now a Republican Senator steps forward, Senator Ensign of Nevada, raising a valid point of order, a point which goes to the heart of the funding of this bill and how it will pay out any benefits that might accrue in the future.  I would like to note some of the points that have been made during the course of this debate that I think are worthy of repetition and, for those following the debate for the first time, worthy of note.  The Congressional Budget Office has warned us of the significant likelihood that this asbestos trust fund will fail.  In a letter to the chairman, who spoke just before me, they wrote:       The proposed trust fund might or might not have adequate      resources to pay all valid claims. There is a significant      likelihood that the fund's revenues would fall short of the      amount needed to pay valid claims, debt service, and      administrative costs.  So we are saying to hundreds of thousands of victims and their families: Trust us, we have created a trust fund, and with that trust fund, we will take care of your needs in the future. There is enough money, the proponents of this legislation say, but the Congressional Budget Office, looking at the victims, their injuries, and the compensation promised in this bill, came to a different conclusion. They concluded:       There is a significant likelihood that the fund's revenues      would fall short of the amount needed to pay valid claims. .      . .  As Senator Specter said on the floor the other day, one of the options, then, is to pay the victims less.  One of the reasons we need to take a look at this trust fund shortfall is when we look at the elements that are behind it, the claims and administrative expenses are likely to exceed contributions to the asbestos trust fund. The upfront claims will far exceed contributions.  Understand, people who are told they have to leave the courthouse and can no longer pursue a claim in court will have to turn to this trust fund. There is no place else to go. They will come in large numbers, but the amount that is being contributed to the fund by businesses is not going to match the demand. At the outset, claims will far exceed contributions, so the trust fund will have to borrow substantial amounts of money.  How much? The trust fund is supposed to be $140 billion. There are estimates that the interest and administrative costs may reach $52 billion, more than a third.  Small adjustments in amount and timing of assumptions quickly bankrupt the trust fund. If you guess wrong how many people are sick and how often they will file their claims and in what numbers, the estimates of the solvency of the trust fund could fail. It is unrealistic to assume that the trust fund will ever terminate.  The reasons for likely trust fund shortfalls: The Congressional Budget Office didn't count dormant claims that may surface once this trust fund is created, exceptional medical claims, or claims of family members of workers exposed to asbestos.  CBO's estimate of the number of future cancer claims is likely to be too low, according to consulting firms that have taken a look at their formulation.  The CBO's estimate of the percent of nonmalignant claims that will receive a cash award is likely to be very conservative.  Take a look at this chart. This chart tells the story. The red part of the graph is trouble. The red part of the graph reflects the liability, the amount that should be paid out that cannot be covered by the revenues coming into the trust fund.  So we make a promise to people. We say to them: Give up your claim in court, come to this trust fund and trust us. Yet when we project the needs of these victims against the revenues coming into the trust fund, we see a dramatic shortfall.  The fund stops paying claims in 2009. Claims filed in 2009 and all later years will not be paid. Too many claims, not enough revenue into the fund.  Let me indicate what this shortfall can mean. Mr. President, $150 billion--remember, this trust fund is funded at $140 billion--to fall short $150 billion is a substantial miscalculation. In present value terms, it means we would have to put $50 billion into the fund today to cover the $150 billion shortfall over the 30-year life of collections and 50-year life of disbursements under this trust fund. So this is a significant shortfall.  Keep in mind that we are saying to people: You cannot continue to go to court to be compensated; you have to turn to a trust fund with a hole in the pocket.  Let me tell you how badly others have miscalculated the number of asbestos cases that can be filed.  I remember Johns Manville, a big company, based in Colorado. They were one of the first firms hit because they sold a lot of asbestos products. When they went bankrupt, they tried to create a separate fund to pay off all the victims of Johns Manville products, their workers, and others. They set aside money, and in order to set aside a proper amount they had to speculate and give some calculation about how many people would be making claims for asbestos injuries.  The original range of claims went from 50,000 to 200,000. That is what they said they would ultimately have to cover. The claims received through the summer of last year were almost 700,000. They had estimated a high of 200,000. Almost 700,000.  The recent estimate of the total number that could be paid is 2.1 million. So how can those who have written this bill say with any degree of reasonable certainty that we know how many people were exposed to asbestos at some point in their lives and will later come and make a claim? Because for many people, they will live a long time with asbestos fibers in their lungs, ticking timebombs that could go off 10, 20, 30, 40 or 50 years after exposure. There could be anyone on the Senate floor today harboring in their lungs asbestos fibers. Those fibers may or may not cause a problem. We just don't know because for years no one paid close attention.  Many people were told it is safe. Expose yourself to asbestos, it can't be a problem. Some were misled. Some operated out of ignorance. But the fact remains. Johns Manville, in calculating its liability for its own trust fund, blew it. Instead of 200,000, it was 2.1 million.  (