President, that element relates to what is known as the deeming resolution. That is Senate talk for the budget resolution, which is kind of the broad outline of how we will spend money this year. Instead of passing the budget resolution as we ordinarily do, at the last minute in this conference committee the Republican leadership in the House and Senate plugged this resolution into this spending bill. It has been done before but not very often. It is an unusual approach. What it means is the overall spending limitations for the whole budget are now plugged into this special appropriations bill.  There is nothing sinister or wrong about that on its face, until you look at the resolution itself. What they put in as the resolution is President Bush's budget. Let me tell you that budget, sadly, is some $16 billion below the budget resolution that the Senate approved on a bipartisan basis.  Let me give an example of what the President's budget will cut. These are choices that have been made and will be made in the weeks ahead. One of the areas that troubles me most is President Bush's proposal to cut funding at the National Institutes of Health. That is the agency of our Government that does research on medical diseases and challenges: Lou Gehrig's disease, autism, heart disease, stroke, cancer, diabetes--the list goes on and on. President Bush's budget cut $1 billion from the National Institutes of Health since 2003 and continues to cut funding there.  There was a bipartisan commitment in Congress that we would dramatically increase medical research, believing that most families in America would applaud that expenditure of their tax dollars, and I think they would. Now, if we are going to follow the President's budget, we will be cutting back on medical research. Any family that faces a serious medical illness understands that research is the one lifeline you cling to. You pray for the best outcome, you hope for the best doctor, but you are also counting on the National Institutes of Health and other medical research to be looking for that cure.  Why would we cut back on it? And we do.  This President's budget also low-balls the spending for the Veterans Administration. As I said before, last year they were proven wrong. It means that instead of acknowledging the obvious, when we promise our soldiers we will be with them when they come home we try to shortchange it and then catch up with them later. It is no way to run a government. It is no way to keep your promise to the men and women in uniform who served our country so well.  There is one another particular issue as well that the President's budget threatens about which I am concerned. We passed the budget resolution and the Senate recognized that the global AIDS epidemic was a major priority. Our budget included a bipartisan amendment to increase funding for the global fund to fight AIDS, TB and malaria by $566 million. On average, $100 million contributed to the global fund will mean 630,000 people around the world will have chemically treated nets around their beds to avoid malaria, one of the No. 1 killers of children in the developing world; 150,000 treatments for malaria for each $100 million to the global fund; 80,000 treatments for tuberculosis; 370,000 people with HIV tests; 11,000 people with AIDS treatment.  This resolution strips $16 billion out of the budget that we just passed, and that means there will be less money to fight these global epidemics.  Why should we care? We should care, not just because of basic values that many of us hold that they are our neighbors, they are our brothers and sisters, but also because if disease is rampant in the world it will visit the United States. If the avian flu becomes an epidemic moving from animals to humans in some part of the world, we will have 21 days before it spreads around the world.  A century ago many of these diseases didn't survive the voyage on the trip from the old world where now they survive the 8, 10, and 12-hour airplane trips and come into cities and towns and counties all around the world, including the United States, so our efforts on public health around the world are not only for the right reason, they are also to protect us.  As this President's budget cuts back on spending, threatens the spending for the global fund, unfortunately, people will die as a result of it and, unfortunately, we will live in a more vulnerable world.  Budgets are about choices and usually hard choices, but the Senate made those choices in March. Unfortunately, the bill before us from this conference committee reverses that decision and makes threatening cuts in the National Institutes of Health in the areas of veterans care and in global AIDS, to mention just a few.  This President's budget had the deepest cuts in education of any President in the last several years at a time when we need schools to be the very best for the 21st century to create the opportunity that our people and our children certainly deserve.  Members of the Senate are faced with a quandary. Here is a bill that funds the war. Even those of us who voted against the war believe we have to provide the resources so our soldiers have the equipment and training and supplies they need to come home safely with their mission accomplished, and I voted for every penny the President has asked for that purpose. But within this is a budget resolution with which I do not agree. If you could split your vote on this, I certainly would, voting for the money for the soldiers but voting against this budget resolution which will force us to make cuts in critical areas of importance for America's future.  I yield the floor.  