I asked the Senator a very direct question: Who did you send the subpoena to if it wasn't a government agency? And the answer, he knows, is: A private company. The obvious question is: Why are private companies writing a bill we have on the floor of the Senate today? They are writing that bill because they have a deep, personal interest in this bill. They are going to do quite well, thank you. Some companies are going to end up, as a result of this legislation, walking away from their legal liabilities in court for asbestos injury and asbestos death. These are the companies that want to see us close down the court system for these victims and create something else because they are the winners.  I hope the Senator from Pennsylvania--I don't want to create any umbrage, or raise any questions about his integrity. I am not. But I hope he will at a later point in the day come to the floor and disclose the names of the private companies that created the secret list that suggests there may be thousands of corporations across America that will have to contribute to this trust fund.  I wish to go to the most basic questions about the $140 billion. Where did we come up with $140 billion? How can we suggest that over the next 50 years or more that will be enough? It is important that it is enough. Yesterday my friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania, addressed this issue. He came to the floor and this is what Senator Specter said about this $140 billion figure:       The figure of $140 billion was worked out by Senator Frist      and Senator Daschle about a year and half ago. It is a figure      which rose from that which was originally put in the trust      fund to that figure where CBO has given us the assurance that      the range of cost will be somewhere between $120 billion and      $135 billion. Under one contingency, it could go to $150      billion, but that is unlikely.  Senator Specter went on to say something else, and I think is a very important statement. It is a long sentence, but bear with me:       We have within the structure of the bill a provision that      the administrator can make a reevaluation going through      certain preconditions so that if it looks like we're going to      exceed the $140 billion, we can make modifications in the      medical standards and criteria to stay within the $140      billion.  End of quote from the Senate floor. A statement by the chairman of the Judiciary committee yesterday stating there will be modifications in medical standards and criteria. Make no mistake what that means. It means less money for victims. It means if this fund runs out of money, the victims will receive even less. So the winners will be winning more, the losers losing more. And the victims will be the ultimate all-time losers in this situation.  I think it was an honest answer. I believe Chairman Specter was very candid in what he said. He could have said that if we exceed $140 billion in claims, that we would return all the cases to the tort system and the court system. But he knows if he said that, it would be hard to explain how we get into this trust fund for a few years, close the courthouse door, cut off all the pending lawsuits, and then declare the trust fund doesn't work. He didn't say that.  He could have said the Federal taxpayers will have to step in at that point and take care of the victims. But he knew that would cause a problem, not just on his side of the aisle but across the Senate. A Federal bailout is not viewed very positively when our Federal budget is facing the deepest deficits in the history of the United States.  So he said, and I admire his candor, we will just reduce the amounts we pay the victims. That is how we will make $140 billion work. That is a very candid and straightforward, but harrowing answer.  To say to people, if you were in the midst of a lawsuit, if you have worked around asbestos and have asbestosis and you are limited in your activities and maybe in the span of your life, and you filed a lawsuit against the company that exposed you to this asbestos, and you worked--and I know this because I used to do this for a living--worked for years to get that case into court with great sacrifices and frustrations and motions and continuances, and you are finally there--when this bill passes, if you don't have your case before a jury, you are finished. Close the door. Take your file home. You get to start all over.  Then what happens? You go into this trust fund, which on balance will probably pay you less, and you hope and pray there will be enough money there to pay you. If there is not, Senator Specter has said we will cut back your pay and your compensation for being injured by asbestos until we can hit this magic $140 billion number. That is the reality of this bill.  I think it is fair to ask, Is the $140 billion figure accurate? I have been through this on the Senate Judiciary Committee for several years. Senator Orrin Hatch offered a version of this bill. He began by saying all we need is $90 billion over 50 years. Then we got into a committee debate and markups, and the figure moved up to $154 billion during the course of committee process. At that time the CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, estimated it would cost between $124 and $136 billion for anticipated claims.  Since this virtual endorsement of the trust fund bill from 3 years ago, the Congressional Budget Office has progressively but unquestionably expressed greater and greater reservations about that number, about the viability of the trust fund and whether the figure we are talking about today is an honest figure to compensate victims.  Let me share this report from the Congressional Budget Office. I will read it:       There is a significant likelihood that the fund's revenues      would fall short of the amount needed to pay valid claims, as      well as debt-service and administrative costs. There is also      some likelihood that the fund's revenues would be sufficient      to meet those needs. The final outcome cannot be predicted      with great certainty. Without a substantial increase in the      resources available to the fund, there is no way to guarantee      the fund will not either revert to the court system or      require additional funding.  That is an honest answer. When we ask this official organization of Congress that is supposed to assess whether $140 billion is enough, their honest answer is, we can't say either way, but we certainly can't give you a guarantee that $140 billion is all that will be needed.  The Congressional Budget Office went on to say, in analyzing the bill before us:       CBO expects the value of valid claims likely to be      submitted to the fund over the next 50 years could be between      $120 and $150 billion, not including possible financing (debt      services) costs.  Remember those words. Because it turns out the money from companies will not come into the trust fund fast enough to pay the massive influx of claims right at the start, the trust fund is going to have to borrow that money. And in borrowing money, the trust fund has to pay interest and finance costs. And all of the lamentations on the floor here about attorney's fees notwithstanding, at the end of the day, we will find that substantial amounts of money in the trust fund will be paid in interest costs, from the borrowing to try to keep this fund afloat as legitimate asbestos victims ask for their fair compensation.  That is a reality. It is a reality that suggests the $140 billion figure cannot be substantiated. If this were an idea of Senator Daschle and Senator Frist a year and a half ago, as much as I respect both of them, and I respect them very much, I don't know that either one of them is actuaries, nor do I know that they have the expertise to come up with a magic figure to predict the cost of this trust fund over a 50-year lifespan.  Let's take some of these concerns directly.       The CBO states that the expected $120-$150 billion in      qualified asbestos injury claims on the trust fund ``does not      include possible financing costs and administrative expenses.      The interest cost of this borrowing [they say] would add      significantly to the long-term costs faced by the fund. . .      .''  What are the financing costs? We are talking about debt service, money the Federal Government has to expend in order to either lend on its own to the new trust fund or go to private capital markets. The debt service costs could reach $50 billion or more.  We would find, then, that more than a third of the money going into the trust fund would be used to pay out in interest costs, not in victim compensation. Why? Because the secret and maybe soon public list of contributions by companies and insurance companiesindicates not enough will be coming into the fund to match all of the injured victims across America who are going to be turning to this new fund, which, at the same time, closes down the court system for hundreds of thousands of American citizens.  Here is more of the CBO's analysis:       Because expenses would exceed revenues in many of the early      years of the fund's operations, the administrator would need      to borrow funds to make up the shortfall. The interest cost      of this borrowing would add significantly to the long-term      costs faced by the fund and contributes to the possibility      that the fund might become insolvent.  Is it worth the gamble? Is it worth the gamble for us to pass a fund to close down the court system, to tell people who have worked for months and years to bring their case to a judge or a jury that they are now out of the system, then close the courtroom doors? Is it worth the gamble to them and their families that our calculations are right? Should we replace the court system on the possibility that we have guessed right about $140 billion, that in fact it would not become insolvent? Or should we shrug our shoulders and say, well, if we guessed wrong, what is the worst thing that could happen? According to the author of this bill, the victims will receive less money.  So when the chairman of the Judiciary Committee suggests that the chorus of voices of victims is what brings us to the floor today, I would say to him I am sure there are some who are in that chorus, but it might not be much more than a small quartet. The larger choir of victims across America has told us about their opposition to this bill. I could read that list of victims, unions, and other groups into the record. They are telling us this is the wrong thing to do. It is unjust to close the courthouse door to thousands of people across America and to say to them: Trust us, we have an idea for a trust fund. It has never been tried before, we are not quite sure of the figure, the contributors to the trust fund are on the secret list which may become public, but trust us. It is well worth your life and your health.  There is a group called Bates White which testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee, a group that has represented businesses and various organizations.  In September 2005, this economic consulting firm issued a report about this bill. I don't know why they conducted this report, but I have read it and attended a Judiciary Committee hearing where Dr. Charles Bates of that firm testified. According to the author, the report examined the viability of the fund. They focused on two primary categories of claimants who posed the greatest threat to the fund's financial viability.  First, they conclude that the bill would create entitlements for many individuals with lung and other cancers who were not compensated in the historical tort environment. The Bates White report states this entitlement likely will result in at least a tenfold increase in the number of other cancer victims relative to the cases being brought in our courts today.  Here is why. Based on epidemiological studies between 2000 and 2055, some 3.5 million people in the eligible population covered by this bill will develop lung or other cancers, not including mesothelioma. Asbestos is only one of the myriad of significant risk factors that may be causally related to lung and ``other'' cancers. But S. 852 would compensate all cancer claimants who have minimal pleural or lung changes based on subjective x-ray readings.  According to this study, the filing rates for the trust fund are also expected to increase substantially over the historical rates in the tort system due to the relative ease of the filing which is to be created by this trust fund bill. Thus, according to Bates White, the bill would compensate for a dramatically larger number of patients.  Second, the Bates White report concludes that the bill is going to revive what they call ``dormant claims,'' which are asbestos injury lawsuits that have been settled with most but not all defendants. The bill allows some claimants who filed their lawsuits prior to 2000 to be eligible for payment in the trust fund if those claims have not been fully resolved. Thousands of such cases currently remain on court dockets.  This incremental entitlement for the differential between the amounts collected in such suits in settlement or judgments, and the amount awardable from the fund, they estimate, could total up to $26 billion. And if these victims seek to recover the difference, that would add significantly to the cost of the trust fund.  Let me say at the outset that I think the court system as well as the trust fund should be generous to victims. As I said earlier, I don't know of a single victim of asbestos exposure who knowingly and willingly exposed themselves. Many of them were duped by deception of corporate officers who insisted there was no danger involved.  I am not questioning the decision in the bill to extend such payments, but I do join Bates White in questioning whether the programs set forth in the bill can be paid for. What Bates White has said is, if you look at the bill as it is written, and the people who will be compensated, it is going to cost dramatically more than earlier estimates.  Based on these two factors and using very conservative economic assumptions, the Bates White study concludes the bill would create entitlement claims valued between $301 billion and $561 billion.  The bill's trust fund is capped at $140 billion. This study says the amount of payouts could be more than double, or as much as three times, or even more than that in actual payouts. That is how far we could have missed the mark when it comes to this economic analysis underlying this bill.  What this study found raises serious questions about the solvency of this fund: Saying to the thousands of victims, Close up your court case, stop working with your attorney, stop going to the courthouse, we are going to take care of you, and then we don't. We come up with a $140 billion trust fund that is inadequate to the needs of these victims.  I also want to point out that Bates White updated their study yesterday. The economists at this firm announced this week that they found a $90 billion error in the Congressional Budget Office's analysis of this same bill.  This is a serious issue. It should be serious enough to take this bill off the calendar. If the CBO's estimate is wrong by $90 billion, we have to stop where we are. We shouldn't go forward. Bates White's new analysis demonstrates this oversight.  According to the numbers the Congressional Budget Office presents in its own report, CBO asserts that 1.5 million individuals will receive compensation for nonmalignant conditions, meaning they have bilateral pleural disease and 5 or more years of exposure. Under this bill, these victims are entitled to medical monitoring.  Yet, national cancer incidence rates establish that more than 200,000 of these claimants among the 1.5 million will eventually develop lung or other cancers.  This means, if we take the CBO numbers as the baseline, there could be an additional 200,000 claimants who will qualify for lung and other cancer claims, which are paid out much higher levels of compensation in this bill. Yet the Congressional Budget Office's current estimate takes into consideration only 28,000 people in this category.  So, the new information from Bates White presents a real concern that the Congressional Budget Office may have missed at least 170,000 potential victims who weren't considered in the CBO's earlier analysis.  The Congressional Budget Office relied on an arbitrary standard assumption that only 15 percent of the population will ever file for the higher claim. These additional claimants represent more than $90 billion in additional costs to the fund.  CBO's estimate currently assumes that 85 percent of qualifying claimants who took the trouble to sign up for medical monitoring under this bill would not file the paperwork to collect their entitlement if they ever developed a more serious illness down the road. This is not a credible scenario.  After all, isn't the purpose of medical monitoring to provide early detection of these and other diseases, which means that more people rather than fewer would have the opportunity to learn about such illnesses?  As late as yesterday, there are new, fundamental questions being raised about whether this trust fund at $140billion gives us an honest figure to work with. If it is not an honest figure, it means as the years progress, we are going to have to reduce payments to victims.  To suggest this is a victims bill is to overlook the obvious: the starting point of the bill is so flawed. Let me show you some charts about how this will be funded because I think they are a good indication of the problem that the fund faces in convincing a majority of the Senate to support this bill.  This is a chart which addresses the timing of this bill, comparing when the liabilities will arise for claims coming into the fund, versus when the revenues from the companies will come into the trust fund. As you can see, the red line shows liabilities which are very high in the earlier years, but you will notice the low green line is never adequate to meet the needs of liability. From the outset, the fund is falling behind. Simply stated, it is not collecting enough money to compensate victims.  One of the arguments being made is we have to replace the court system because it takes so long; there are delays. What is going to happen when this fund doesn't have enough money and hundreds of thousands of Americans who are sick and dying come for compensation?  At best, we will borrow money, adding more cost to the fund dramatically, or we will tell them to wait in line until we have received enough trust fund revenue to pay them. Or, I suppose, as the chairman said yesterday, we will just say we can pay them now, but we will have to pay them less than what we promised in this bill. That appears to be the range of options based on the way we are dealing with this issue.  Take a look at this chart which shows that liabilities will greatly exceed the assets of the trust fund from the very start, and the excess--the red line--continues to build over the years. This is a 50-year period of time. You can see even with the revenue coming in that it never matches the liabilities they anticipate. This chart doesn't even include the new information from the Bates White study, which could mean there is even a greater amount of shortfall in this trust fund.  Let's talk about interest costs for a moment. The fund borrows in its early years because, obviously, all the corporations on the secret list can't come up with all the money they are supposed to produce initially. Some of them will take a period of time. In fact, some of them have told us to forget it, that this bill will end up bankrupting them. So those companies will disappear.  But in the meantime, there are still needy victims and people who would otherwise go to courts for compensation. The fund starts to borrow in its first years to meet the shortfall but realizes barely half the value of future revenue, and the other half has to be used to pay interest.  Senator Hatch was here a few moments ago speaking about attorney's fees and how that is taking money away from victims. Some would argue that without an attorney, many victims would never have their day in court or a chance to succeed in court. What we have here is the fact that we will be paying into this trust fund and almost half of the revenues will be spent on interest and administration. Out of the $140 billion in the trust fund--which may not be enough--almost half of it is going to go to pay creditors, financial institutions, banks, maybe foreign governments. I don't know who will lend money to this trust fund. We will pay out interest to them, and we will have less to pay to the victims.  This was really supposed to be an upfront, no-fault system to help victims with $140 billion compensation over 50 years. It turns out that the real steady winners are creditors of the fund. According to one analysis, as little as 52 percent of the trust fund could be used to pay the claimants and 48 percent for interest, which is almost half of the amount of money during the life of this fund.  Some suggest that we are doing a great favor by creating this trust fund. Well, it is a great favor for sure to credit institutions but to the victims, it is not. As more money is paid out in interest, less is available for the victims.  What the Senator who authored this bill said yesterday is, We will just cut the compensation. That is the way we will make up the difference. For every dollar of interest paid, we pay one dollar less to someone who is dying of mesothelioma. That is how this is being conducted.  The sponsors have put a lot of time in this bill, and it was a Herculean task to try to address something 50 years in the future. I concede to all of that. But shouldn't the people who are pushing for a change have the burden of proving that change is an improvement over status quo? Shouldn't that be the starting point of a debate?  If you want to change the current system, shouldn't you have the burden of establishing that your change is a good one, and that $140 billion is the right figure, rather than to say that Senator Daschle and Senator Frist thought it was a good figure? Shouldn't you have the burden of showing that the input of money into the trust fund from the secret list of corporations and insurance companies is going to be adequate to meet the payouts of the victims? Shouldn't you have the responsibility of showing that $140 billion is going to go to the victims rather than to creditors and financial institutions and interest and administrative costs?  Isn't that the starting point? I think it is. Once they have met that burden of proof, then we can say: All right, we will compare the court system to your trust fund and decide which is the better way to go. But they have not met that burden of proof. They have asked us to accept on faith that this trust fund is going to treat victims fairly on a timely basis. I think many people are concerned about that.  There will be enormous amounts of claims that are expected to flood into this trust fund on day one, and by that time all the cases in court will be shut down if they are not at the jury stage. Let me repeat that important fact. If the litigants are not presenting any evidence in court, all of those cases will be shut down, according to this bill.  You know those victims are going to turn around and say: My husband is dying. My husband has limited activity and can't work. Where do I go now?  They will be told: Come to the trust fund. Come to this $140 billion trust fund.  We can expect a flood of applications in the early stages if this trust fund is created. Will the Department of Labor be able to create this new office and new bureaucracy to manage this flood of claims?  For those of you who have any doubts about the efficiency of government and its ability to respond to millions of people in need, I would suggest the following words: the Medicare prescription drug bill. You know what I mean.  This system which was created 2 years ago by the Senate and the House and signed by the President was supposed to compensate some 40 million Medicare recipients for their prescription drugs. Ask any Senator in this Chamber what they have heard back home. This is a disaster. They had 2 years to be ready. And, unfortunately, this system is fatally flawed. One critic said it is an unsalvageable fiasco and lives are at stake. Senior citizens now wonder if they can get their prescription drugs filled, and for some of those it is critical for them to just keep going on a day-to-day basis.  Now they are being told in this bill to trust us again.  We are going to create a Federal trust fund where hundreds of thousands of claims may come in initially and ask that they be compensated on a timely basis, and they will be told by the Federal Government, trust us, we will give you the money right away.  That is cold comfort for someone who has been sitting for a year or two with medical records and lawyers getting ready to present their case in court. But if they aren't among the fortunate few who have brought their case to a jury or to a judge, presented their evidence, and ended up with a verdict or settlement, then, unfortunately, everything they have done is for naught. They are tossed out of the system.  These victims deserve better than empty promises in this bill. They and the Senate deserve solid information about how this bill will work and remain solvent throughout the entire lifetime. Without such information, the Senate should reject this bill.  