President, along with Senator Brownback, Senator Kennedy, and others, I rise today in support of a bipartisan resolution on the crisis in Darfur, Sudan, and the urgent need to get a robust peacekeeping force on the ground there as soon as possible.  This Congress will adjourn in the next several hours or several days, butthe crisis in Darfur continues. As it continues, many innocent people will lose their lives in what our administration and most of the world has characterized as genocide.  On Wednesday of this week, in a meeting with the United States Special Envoy to the Sudan, Andrew Natsios, we asked him: What can Congress do at this point in time to help? Along with some technical changes in law that we will certainly consider, Mr. Natsios asked that we pass this resolution. Again, I think his hope is we will bring this matter to the attention of the American people and express to the world community our continuing alarm over this crisis in Darfur.  The President approved Mr. Natsios to his position in September. For months before that, many of us here in the Senate had urged the President to name a special envoy. We believed that violence and suffering in Darfur demanded a single individual in a leadership position who could devote all his time and energy to working to resolve this terrible crisis. That places a special obligation on us to listen when Mr. Natsios asks for help.  The resolution before us spells out the terrible facts of the genocide in Darfur and outlines two significant responses by the international community. The first was the passage by the United Nations Security Council of Resolution 1706, which authorized a 23,000-person peacekeeping force to Darfur, which was to be deployed no later than October 1 of this year. It is now well into December, and not a single U.N. peacekeeper has been deployed to Darfur, for the simple reason the Sudanese Government has continued to refuse to give consent to this United Nations mission to be sent expressly to protect innocent people in Darfur.  It looked for a moment last month as if Secretary General Kofi Annan had managed to break through this impasse.  On November 16, Secretary General Annan, along with the African Union, met in Ethiopia and helped broker the Addis Ababa agreement with the Sudanese Foreign Minister. This agreement laid out a roadmap for a joint or hybrid peacekeeping mission combining United Nations and African Union personnel under U.N. command and control. The Sudanese agreed to this in principle, although they did not agree on the spot to the numbers spelled out in the agreement; namely, 10,000 additional military peacekeepers and 3,000 police officers. These troops could join the 7,000 African Union monitors already in Darfur.  The resolution we have introduced on a bipartisan basis expresses the support of the United States Senate for this agreement, as well as U.N. Security Council Resolution 1706. It also declares that numbers and standards laid out in the Addis Ababa agreement represent the minimum acceptable. Hundreds of thousands of people have died in Darfur over the last 3 years; 2\1/2\ million have been driven from their homes. In recent months, violence has escalated.  You and I and our colleagues in the Senate are thinking now about holiday gifts, Christmas gifts. We are thinking about being with our families and sharing a peaceful moment in our homes with our friends and with those we love at this time of year. As we consider the safety and security of our lives in the United States as we approach this holiday season, we cannot forget those who are suffering and dying around the world and in this spot on Earth known as Darfur. You cannot pick up a newspaper in America this week without seeing full-page ads urging the United States to take action, urging Congress to take action. This resolution we pass may not save a single life, but it may start a call to arms across this country and around the world that we will not tolerate a genocide.  Over 10 years ago there was a genocide in Rwanda. Sadly, we never accepted the reality of what faced us. Sadly, we never responded. There were a few stalwart, courageous voices in the Senate. My predecessor Senator Paul Simon, and the retiring Senator from Vermont, Jim Jeffords, spoke out. If they had been listened to, hundreds of thousands of lives could have been spared in the Rwandan genocide. Now this is our time.  I commend President Bush and his administration for acknowledging that, indeed, we face a genocide. But having made that admission, it calls on every civilized country on earth and every civilized person on Earth to do something, not just to acknowledge this terrible human tragedy but to do something.  In our meeting this week, special envoy Natsios described one murder among many. He told us of a woman in a refugee camp whose 1-year-old baby was shot and killed by a jingaweit militia man while she held the baby in her arms. The world cannot allow this to happen. Today we express our strongest support for a real peacekeeping force for Darfur made up of African Union and U.N. personnel to save the next child in a mother's arms.  I urge the Senate to pass this resolution. I say with real regret that it is certainly the least we can do today. I certainly wish we could do more.  