President, I thought my colleague from the great State of Tennessee, Senator Alexander, made an excellent statement. Although I might disagree with some part of it, I really believe he is speaking to this issue in good terms. I was heartened by the fact that the first thing he said about energy was conservation. I believe that is a critical starting place.  I am going to give the Senator from Tennessee four numbers--not for the lottery, for the Powerball or anything, but four numbers to think about. The numbers are 3, 25, 4, and 3 again. Here is what they signify.  We have within our command and control in the United States of America 3 percent of the energy reserves of the world--3 percent. Everything we could possibly turn to and explore and bring out of the Earth, whether offshore or in the continental United States, is 3 percent.  Twenty-five: We consume 25 percent of the world's energy. It is clear that we cannot drill our way into energy independence. It just does not work. The numbers do not come together.  The next number is 4. Four represents the number of months of natural gas which we hope we can bring out of this offshore drilling for the United States--a 4-month supply of natural gas for our country.  The final number, 3, represents a 3-month supply of the oil our country consumes.  So as important as exploration is and finding new sources, you had the right starting point. You hit the nail on the head. We cannot drill our way out of energy dependence, looking at the 3 percent that we have, the 25 percent we consume, and we cannot rely on even offshore drilling to give us more than just a respite from the demands we are going to face in the future, the competition we face around the world.  So my feeling--and I think the feeling of many on both sides of the aisle--is what we should look for is environmentally responsible exploration.  I have made no secret of the fact that I think the notion of drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is a terrible idea. It has been rejected by Congress year after year. It is an act of environmental desperation that we would go to a wilderness area--a wildlife refuge area, I should say to be more specific--and say that after a few years, we have to start drilling there because there is no other place for America to go in order to give us confidence we will have energy sources in the future. So I haven't hidden my feelings about that particular project, but I am open to the suggestion that this may work.  I have not made a final commitment on the bill pending before us. I join with my colleagues in moving it forward. Let's move this debate forward. Let's bring this issue to the floor.  A couple of the things mentioned by the Senator from Tennessee are intriguing. Nuclear power--I am not sure nationally how much electricity is generated by nuclear power. It may be a third, it may be a little more.  