President, the news this morning tells us Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is in Iraq. That is a good thing. It is a good thing for the leaders of our Government to be in touch in the field to let them know we are on their side. I am glad the Secretary is there. I know when he visits there, he often learns things--things that help us wage this war more effectively.  Do you remember not so long ago when Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld had an open meeting with the soldiers in Iraq? He invited them to comment on how the war was going. A member of the Tennessee National Guard stood up and said: Mr. Secretary, why as a soldier do I have to dig through a dump to find a piece of metal to put in my humvee to protect me and my fellow soldiers? Why has it come to this?  It was a moment of great embarrassment for the Secretary. It was a moment of embarrassment for our Nation. We ask these young men and women to take an oath to defend this country and risk their lives in uniform for us every day. We stand and sit in the comfort of this Chamber on Capitol Hill with all of the protection around us, and they wake up every morning putting on a uniform knowing it may be their last day on Earth.  Now take a look at this amendment. Take a close look at this amendment. This amendment is designed to give us better control of our borders, and we need it. Our borders are out of control. There are 500,000 illegal people crossingthem every year, at least. We know that has to change, not just because of the immigration issue, a terrible challenge to America to get it right, but because of security. So we all support, on both sides of the aisle, more resources at the borders, more people, more technology, better efforts to stop this illegal flow of immigration.  It is a serious problem, and we should take it seriously. That is why the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, has offered this amendment, an amendment which provides the resources for the border. He says it is an emergency; it should be treated as such. I couldn't agree with him more.  But listen to the other side of the aisle. Senator Gregg on the Republican side said we can only pay for border security at the expense of soldiers in the field. He takes the roughly $2 billion out of the military account to make our borders stronger. That is not fair to the soldiers. It is not fair to the men and women who are risking their lives every day in Iraq and Afghanistan.  We know we have failed them many times. This administration has failed to provide the body armor these troops needed. Senator Dodd of Connecticut had to offer an amendment to allow ordinary American families to deduct from their taxes the cost of body armor that they would buy for their soldiers which they sent overseas. I have met them in Illinois, families who said: I got tired of waiting for the Army to give my son protection; my wife and I bought it ourselves.  Another one said: We had a little potluck supper at church to raise money for body armor for our soldiers.  Think about that. We know about these humvees. They were death traps for entirely too long. They were not well protected. We know what happened. We had helicopters in the field that didn't have good defense devices, and they were shot down.  Now the Republican side says let's take more money away from the defense of our soldiers so our borders are more secure. What a terrible choice to ask of this Senate, but what an easy choice for many of us.  I am not going to take money away from these soldiers. This Senator voted against this war in Iraq, but I have voted to give this President and this administration every penny they have asked for to wage this war for one basic reason. I thought to myself: What if it were my son or daughter, would I want them to have the best equipment and best supplies, even if I felt the foreign policy was wrong? You bet. And when it comes to this choice in this amendment, it is very clear. We can take the Republican approach of making our borders safer while making our soldiers less safe, or we can take the approach which Senator Reid is suggesting: Declare this an emergency at our borders that deserves emergency status.  Isn't it interesting, when it comes down to these choices, so many on the Republican side of the aisle say: Now we are going to be fiscal conservatives, fiscal conservatives at the expense of our soldiers. It is plain wrong.  I ask my colleagues: Read these amendments carefully. Understand the stark choice we are being given. Support Senator Reid's amendment which declares it an emergency to have strong enforcement at the borders but not at the expense of our men and women in uniform who risk their lives while we stand in the safety of this Capitol Building.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  