REID. I say to my friend, I spent the weekend reading a book. I did other things. I spent a lot of time on an airplane. The book is called ``Fiasco,'' written by a man named Thomas Ricks who has spent his life covering the military. He has written books on the military. I don't know his political persuasion. This book is on the best seller's list of the New York Times.  In this book, he talks in such detail about what has happened as a result of the incompetence of this administration to our valiant fighting men and women over there. I recommend the book to anyone. It is a searing indictment of this administration. It is in keeping with what this article is all about.  Another paragraph:       One former CPA employee who had an office near O'Beirne's      wrote an e-mail to a friend describing the recruitment      process: ``I watched resumes of immensely talented      individuals who had sought out CPA to help the country thrown      in the trash because their adherence to `the President's      vision for Iraq' (a frequently heard phrase at CPA) was      `uncertain.' I saw senior civil servants from agencies like      Treasury, Energy . . . and Commerce denied advisory positions      in Baghdad that were instead handed to prominent RNC      (Republican National Committee) contributors.''  One staffer said:       I'm not here for the Iraqis, I'm here for George Bush.''  Mr. President, this is really a sad commentary. Important jobs, such as rebuilding the Iraq stock exchange, were given to applicants who agreed with the President on Roe v. Wade. Qualified individuals were turned down for jobs if they didn't vote for Bush in 2000. The children of the President's conservative friends were given authority over the country's $13 billion budget.  Today in Iraq we are witnessing the terrible consequences of Bush cronyism, and it is our troops, the Iraqi people, and the American people who are paying the price.  Reconstruction has been a failure. The economy is a mess. Thousands are dying. Whole provinces have been lost. One province, Anbar Province, makes up a third of the country. The military people said it is gone. And the political solution necessary to bring Americans home is nowhere to be found.  The testimony we hear from people such as the people in this newspaper article is unbelievable. We have heard it time and again. The only people who aren't listening are George Bush and this do-nothing Congress.  If the Iraq war has taught us anything, it is that Congress must take seriously its responsibility to hold the executive branch accountable, and it has not happened. For 2 years, Democrats have offered constructive solutions to change course in Iraq and give our troops and the Iraqi people the chance for some type of stability and success. We have said there must be a redeployment of forces this year to transition the mission, to change the mission.  We have said we must resolve the sectarian differences through a political settlement. That is called diplomacy. They need to amend their constitution.  We said they must regionalize the conflict with a contact group or conference to bring in those countries that said they will help.  We need to revitalize, and we can do that as I have indicated: get the countries that said they would help to come in and help. There needs to be a regional solution. We need to rebuild our badly strained U.S. military. There is not a single undeployed Army unit today that is battle ready. That says it all.  A number of generals have witnessed this administration's flawed Iraq policy firsthand, and they have repeatedly called for new civilian leadership at the Pentagon.  I say this with all due respect: I bet if those military personnel weren't working for Government defense contracts, we would have a few more speaking out. But we have had plenty.  In each instance, when the generals speak out, the Republican Congress blocks their efforts and puts their political interests ahead of America's safety.  The war in Iraq has been a diversion from the real war on terror. But this administration and this do-nothing Congress are content to stay the course, even as it makes America less safe and Iraq less stable.  We need a new direction. This Congress has failed.  I yield the floor.  (The remarks of Mr. Wyden and Mr. Bennett pertaining to the introduction of S. 3908 are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.'')  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Murkowski). The Senator from West Virginia.  