President, we are considering the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Why are we taking extra time on this nomination? Why are Members coming to the Senate on both sides, some expressing support and others opposition? Why is this different from any judicial nomination? There are two reasons. This is not your normal Federal court. The United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit is the second highest court in America. It has been the launching pad for Supreme Court Justices. They consider some of the most complex and technical litigation that faces the Federal bench. It is not just another court.  Second, Brett Kavanaugh is not just another judicial nominee. Brett Kavanaugh comes to this nomination with not the weakest credentials in the history of this bench, but the second weakest credentials.  Earlier this month, Senator Kennedy called the Kavanaugh nomination a triumph of cronyism over credentials. Unfortunately, I must agree. The nomination of Brett Kavanaugh is a political gift for his loyal service to this President and his political party. Mr. Kavanaugh is not being given an engraved plaque for his fine service; he is being given a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in the land. By every indication, Brett Kavanaugh will make this judgeship a gift that keeps on giving to his political patrons who have rewarded him richly with a nomination coveted by lawyers all over America.  In light of his thin professional record, Mr. Kavanaugh bears a particularly high burden of proof. I have sat through the hearings with Mr. Kavanaugh. In my estimation, he has not met that burden. He has so little experience as a practicing lawyer, no experience as a judge. He had a special obligation when it came to these nomination hearings to tell us what he believes and what he would do on this important judicial assignment. He failed.  As I said about the DC Circuit, it is not just any court of appeals. It is the first among equals. It is based in Washington, but its rulings affect Americans from coast to coast. It is the court of last resort in some cases involving the air that every American breathes, the water that we give our children, the right of labor organizations to collectively bargain, whether Americans will have access to telecommunications, and even the price we pay for electricity.  The significance of the DC Circuit is seen in the way it has become the farm team for the Supreme Court. Over half of all the Supreme Court nominees during the past quarter century were judges on the DC Circuit where President Bush wants to send his staff secretary, Brett Kavanaugh. If Mr. Kavanaugh is confirmed for the DC Circuit, it would not surprise me if the Republicans would try to elevate him to the highest court in America.  Let's take a look at his experience for this job. Compared to others who have served on this important court, Mr. Kavanaugh's track record just does not stand up. He has never had a jury trial in his life. And he has never had a trial before a judge. I don't believe he has ever taken a deposition. I don't know if he has ever filed a motion in court. There is no evidence that he has any understanding, basic understanding, of trial practice in civil or criminal courts in America.  Think of that for a moment. Though this man has graduated from outstanding schools, he has clerked for important judges, he has never had to roll up his sleeves and represent the client or represent the United States of America or any State or local jurisdiction at a trial.  He has very little experience, of course, on the issues that come before this court. Nearly half of the cases in the DC Circuit Court involve Federal agencies dealing with the environment, electricity, labor unions and telecommunications. Mr. Kavanaugh was asked: Now, in this field of expertise that you want to be a judge in, tell us, what kind of cases have you handled? What kind of experience do you have? What did you bring to this? What kind of wisdom as a judge will you bring to this? He could identify only one case in his entire life that he had ever been involved in that related to any of those four important agencies.  During the 113-year history of the DC Circuit Court there has only been one judge, only one in its history, who has been nominated who had fewer years of legal experience than Brett Kavanaugh. That judge was a man by the name of Ken Starr. No other DC Circuit Court judge in the past 113 years has had less experience than Brett Kavanaugh.  Is that the best we can do? Is that the best the President and the White House can do for the people of America? Give us young men who may have great promise, but little experience? People who may be right on the political issues for this White House but have not demonstrated the wisdom or life experience that qualify them to stand in judgment on critical issues that affect the lives of every single American?  At his second hearing Mr. Kavanaugh tried to assure us that his career in government service was similar to others who have served in the DC Circuit. He compared his background in government service to a former DC Circuit judge by the name of Abner Mikva, who served with distinction on the DC Circuit Court from 1979 to 1995. It was truly a Lloyd Bentsen/Dan Quayle moment that Brett Kavanaugh would suggest that he was in Abner Mikva's league. That comparison is such a stretch.  Judge Mikva had 28 years of legal experience before he was nominated to the DC Circuit. Abner Mikva served for 9 years in Congress, 10 years in the Illinois legislature. He had worked for over 12 years in private practice. As the late Senator Lloyd Bentsen, who just passed away, said, to paraphrase, I know Abner Mikva; Abner Mikva is a friend of mine, and Brett Kavanaugh is no Abner Mikva.  Because of his thin track record as a lawyer, Mr. Kavanaugh had a special burden of proof to be candid and forthcoming with the committee, to tell us who he is and what he stands for. He did not meet that burden. Every time he came close to answering a hard question, he quickly backed away. But he was well-schooled in the process because he spent his time in the White House coaching judicial nominees not to answer questions. Well, he learned as a teacher, and he demonstrated it before the Senate Judiciary Committee.  For example, he would not tell us his views on some of the most controversial policy decisions of the Bush administration--like the issues of torture and warrantless wiretapping. He would not comment. He would not tell us whether he regretted the role he played in supporting the nomination of some judicial nominees who wanted to permit torture as part of American foreign policy, who wanted to roll back the clock on civil rights and who wanted to weaken labor and environmental laws. It would have been so refreshing and reassuring if Brett Kavanaugh could have distanced himself from their extreme views. But a loyal White House counsel is not going to do that. And that is how he came to this nomination. That is how he addressed the Senate Judiciary Committee with his loyalty to the President.  He would not tell us what role he played in the White House's unprecedented efforts to give the President virtually unchecked power at the expense of congressional oversight.  In light of Mr. Kavanaugh's failure to open up to the committee, we have to just guess about his brief career. He coauthored the Ken Starr Report; he represented Elian Gonzales; he worked in Florida on the Bush 2000 recount; he worked with Karl Rove and the Federalist Society to pick ideological judicial nominees. He has been the go-to lawyer time and time again for the far right in American politics. And now he is being handsomely rewarded for his loyalty, for his service to his political party.  Other than his judicial clerkships, Mr. Kavanaugh has only worked for two people during his entire legal career: President George Bush and Ken Starr.  Given this background, I asked Mr. Kavanaugh if he would agree to recuse himself in cases involving the Republican Party or the Bush administration. Clearly, he has a conflict of interest, at least the appearance of a conflict of interest, from all of the years he spent as a loyal Republican attorney. I asked him, Would you step away from cases that directly impact the Republican Party and the Bush administration policies? He refused.  The real question is whether Judge Kavanaugh would be fair and open-minded. And there are new concerns that have been raised about Mr. Kavanaugh's judicial temperament. I saw him at the last hearing with his wife and baby. He looks like a fine father--a beautiful young family. To all appearances, a good person coming from a good family. But those who have watched him in the courtroom have come to different conclusions.  Last month the American Bar Association downgraded Mr. Kavanaugh's rating after conducting additional interviews with judges and lawyers who had actually seen him in the courtroom and worked with him in the limited exposure he has had to America's courtrooms. A judge who was interviewed by the American Bar Association stated that Mr. Kavanaugh's oral presentation at the hearing was ``less than adequate'' and that he had been ``sanctimonious.'' That is not a great send-off if a person who is being nominated for a lifetime appointment to the bench, a person who will now stand in judgment not only of other judges but of the counsels and attorneys that appear before him.  A lawyer interviewed by the American Bar Association also said: ``Mr. Kavanaugh did not handle the case well as an advocate and dissembled.'' That doesn't sound very promising for someone seeking a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in the land with some of the most technical and difficult arguments and issues to consider.  One interviewee called Mr. Kavanaugh ``insulated.'' Another person said Mr. Kavanaugh is ``immovable and very stubborn and frustrating to deal with on some issues.''  Is that what we are looking for in a judge, an insulated person, immovable and stubborn, who dissembles when he is in the courtroom and has a sanctimonious way about him? I can tell you, as a practicing lawyer, that is a judge I would avoid, and most people would avoid nominating that kind of lawyer to become a judge.  The ABA also stated they were disappointed that Mr. Kavanaugh seemed to have a ``lack of interest'' in the Manual Miranda ``memogate'' scandal and that he failed to conduct an internal White House investigation as to whether the scandal had tainted the Bush administration's judicial nomination process.  This issue is one I know pretty well. I was one of two Senators whose computers were hacked into by Mr. Manny Miranda, who at the time was a Republican staff member, who worked at various times for the Senate Judiciary Committee and for the Senate Republican leadership. Mr. Miranda hacked into my computer, my staff computer, and stole hundreds if not thousands of legal documents--memoranda that had been prepared by my staff analyzing issues, analyzing nominees. Mr. Miranda stole these documents and then turned them over to organizations that were sympathetic with his political point of view. There was some question as to whether those documents somehow migrated to the White House decision process--legitimate questions because those were times when many of these nominees were very controversial.  When Mr. Kavanaugh was asked about these things, he was not that interested--either when the ABA asked the questions or when the questions were asked in the Senate Judiciary Committee. Those questions went to the integrity of the process of naming men and women to our Federal judiciary for lifetime appointments. You would believe that Mr. Kavanaugh, in his capacity as White House Counsel,would have taken that issue much more seriously than he obviously did.  This nominee is not the best person for an important job. Michael Kavanaugh does not deserve a lifetime appointment to the second highest court in the land.  I believe he has a bright future in some other setting. I think after practicing law, actually finding out what it means to represent a client, perhaps going into a courtroom someday, maybe sitting down before a judge, maybe taking a deposition, understanding what it means to file a motion in court, and what that means to go to argue for a hearing, maybe to prepare a legal brief, to argue a point of view, maybe win a few or lose a few, actually go into a courtroom with a client, pick a jury in a civil case, be a prosecutor in a criminal case, watch as the case unfolds before the judge and the jury, watch it go through to verdict, consider whether or not to launch an appeal--the things I have just described are not extraordinary.  This is the ordinary life of practicing attorneys across America. But my life experience, as limited as it was in practicing law, included all of these things. They helped me to understand a judge's responsibility--a trial court judge, even an appellate court judge. This is like sending Mr. Kavanaugh into a setting where he has no familiarity and no experience.  You might say: Well, maybe he will learn on the job. Maybe he will turn out not only to be a good law student but a heck of a judge. Well, it is not a question of trial and error here. It is a question of lifetime appointment. We do not get a makeover on this decision. If this Senate approves Brett Kavanaugh for the second highest court in the Federal judiciary in America, he is there for life.  Maybe he will learn on the bench. Maybe he will turn out to be objective on the bench. Maybe he will move away from a solid legal political background to understand the law. Maybe he will have some on-the-job training as a judge in the second highest court in the land. But is that the best we can do? Doesn't that harken back to other things in this administration that have troubled us--people being appointed to positions they clearly were not qualified for because they were well connected, they knew the right people? That should not be the test for the Federal judiciary. It certainly should not be the test for the second highest court in the land.  I believe the White House, I believe the Republican party, could have done better. There are so many quality judges across America who are Republicans, in my home State of Illinois and in Federal district courts, who could have been nominated for this important and prestigious position. Instead, this nominee falls short. It is no surprise to me that the American Bar Association downgraded his nomination.  I hope if he is approved that in the years to come he will prove me wrong. At this point, there is little evidence to base that on. But I hope for the sake of this court and for the Federal judiciary that is the case.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hatch). The Senator from Idaho.  