President, before the Senate this moment is the nomination of Mr. Holmes to be a judge in the Federal court system. I see the Senator from Oklahoma is here. I am sure he will speak to this nomination. I am not going to address the nomination but put a statement in the Record relative to my vote, which will be in opposition to Mr. Holmes.  I have reviewed his record, as many members of the Senate Judiciary Committee have, and there are many positive things to be said, as the Senator from Oklahoma has mentioned in our committee deliberations. I am concerned, though, about some of the statements that have been made by Mr. Holmes in relation to his nomination on the issue of affirmative action. I am concerned about whether he will truly come to this important lifetime appointment with the type of objectivity and open mind that we hope for when we give people this opportunity to serve their Nation.  I am also concerned that the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights yesterday made it clear that they oppose his nomination. It is an important factor, in my judgment, in my decision, and I am sorry that I will not be able to support this nomination as a result of that.  I also want to make it clear that the job of a Federal judge is a very important one. It relates to issues that affect us every single day. Just last week we had an extensive debate on the floor of the Senate about stem cell research--those issues relative to life and death in medical research that come before the courts. Judges have to make decisions. I have no idea what Mr. Holmes's position is on this issue. I don't know what statements he has made relative to it. What I am about to say does not reflect on him at all.  But I do want to say I am very concerned about what I read in this morning's newspaper about stem cell research. We know what happened last week. President Bush used his first Presidential veto to stop medical research--the first time in the history of the United States that a President has made a decision that we will stop Federal funding of medical research. He made that decision 5 years ago and said that no Federal funds would go to the use of these embryonic stem cells.  We know how these stem cells are created. 