President, one of the first things a Member of the Senate should learn is humility, humility when it comes to some of the documents that guide our Nation. We certainly understand the Constitution we are sworn to uphold and defend is a treasured document which has guided us for over two centuries. I, for one, come to the subject of amending this Constitution with real humility. I think it is bold of some of my colleagues to believe that their handiwork, their words, could stand the test of time, could be measured against the work product of Thomas Jefferson and the greats in American history.  This matter before us today is an attempt by some of my colleagues to amend the Constitution, to change the document which has guided America for so long. I have seen a lot of these amendments come and go as a member of the Judiciary Committee. Some of them, frankly, couldn't even make itthrough the committee, let alone on the Senate floor or be sent to legislatures for approval.  But still Members come forward with a variety of ideas. Today, we consider the so-called Marriage Protection Amendment. My friend, my colleague from Colorado, Senator Allard, the lead sponsor of it, says this amendment will not infringe on the rights of States to determine the status of different relationships. Yet let me read the language of his amendment:       Neither this Constitution, nor the Constitution of any      State, shall be construed to require that marriage or the      legal incidents thereof be conferred upon any union other      than the union of a man and a woman.  So if my State of Illinois decides to establish a domestic partnership law and say that two people of the same gender can live together and share health insurance and can be in a relationship where there would be a guarantee that they would have access to visit one another in times of hospitalization and sickness, where property rights could be established, is that a legal incident of married life? Most people would say yes. Clearly, this language says it would be prohibited. So what we have here goes far beyond the concept of marriage. We have to take care not to put language in this Constitution that will come back to haunt us.  I step back, too, and look at this debate and wonder, why are we here on the floor of the Senate doing this? Why are we debating this issue above all others? Why are we taking virtually a week of Senate business time to debate the issue of gay marriage? I think it goes back to a statement made by President Bush a couple weeks ago on the issue of immigration. This is what he said:       We cannot build a unified country by inciting people to      anger, or playing on anyone's fears, or exploiting [an] issue      . . . for political gain.  He was referring to the issue of immigration, but the standard is a good one. We have a responsibility to unite America and not divide it.  Mr. President, I wish you could hear the telephone calls to my office. 