We have an administration which inherited a surplus from the Clinton administration--several years of surplus and paying down the debt of America and strengthening Social Security--and they squandered it, wasted it. They turned their backs on it and allowed us to sink deeper and deeper into debt--a debt we ultimately will have to pay, a debt which, sadly, is being financed by foreign countries such as Japan, China, Korea, and the OPEC nations. They are the mortgage holders of America's mortgage.  Who will pay off this mortgage? The young people of America, our children and grandchildren--as this Congress heaps debt upon debt, as this President has the dubious distinction of being the first President in the history of the United States of America to call for a tax cut during a war. The reason no other President has done it is because it doesn't make sense. You have the ordinary expenses of Government that are increased because of the war you must fight, and this President then says: Let's cut taxes while we are at it, digging a deeper hole for America's economy and America's future.  So there is no budget, not one appropriations bill signed by the President, no increase in the minimum wage--9 years now. For 9 years, this Republican President and Congress have refused to increase the basic wage for some of the hardest working people in America. It is $5.15 an hour. That is what it has been. It has been 9 years since we have increased it.  Think about each of our own personal experiences, how the expenses of life have gone up in that period of time, and then put yourself in the shoes of a single mother I met in Rockford, who went through a brutal divorce. She luckily has custody of the children away from a father who mistreated them badly. She has them in her tiny house, and she has a minimum wage job. She has three kids, this mom, and she makes minimum wage. How does she make it? She goes to the local church, where they have a food pantry. She tries to get help from charities in the area. She looks for used clothing. She is trying to keep her family together. What kind of helping hand has this Congress given to her? None. For 9 years, we have said to her: Sorry, next year's salary will be the same as last year's.  I hope the cost of utilities doesn't go up or the cost of food or the cost of rent. Yet we know they continue to go up. So for 9 years, this Congress has failed to increase the minimum wage, and they are about to wrap up another session with that dubious distinction.  There is a footnote to this story worth noting. In that same 9-year period of time, Congress has voted itself a $31,000 annual increase in salary. The Democratic caucus of the Senate has said that is the end of that story. There will be no increases in congressional pay until the minimum wage is increased. No excuses. Maybe that will focus the attention of our colleagues on a lot of people who are not as fortunate as those of us who serve here.  We have had no change in the ethics rules despite the scandals of the latest Congress, despite the resignation of the Republican leader in the House who is under indictment and investigation, despite the reports that other Members of Congress are going to plead guilty or are facing prosecution. Despite all of this, there are no basic changes in the ethics rules that guide us here.  There is no effort to take a look at the way we finance political campaigns, which I think is at the root of this whole conversation. Unless and until we reach a point that we take the millions of dollars out of political campaigns and bring it back to a point where the average person can seriously consider running for office, until we do that, sadly, all of us who are mere mortals and not millionaires will be spending a lot of time with special interests and wealthy people that we should be spending with the folks we represent and those who don't have well-paid lobbyists roaming the halls of the Capitol.  There is no energy policy for America after the runup in gasoline prices that crippled family budgets, hurt businesses, and hurt farmers. Now the gas prices are starting to come down, and we can breathe a sigh of relief. Yet we know in the back of our minds that they can turn it on a dime and run the prices back up to over $3 a gallon again. Why? We have no energy policy.  A President and Vice President from the oil patch have really avoided the obvious. We need to find a way to lessen our dependence upon oil, and particularly on imported oil. That means moving toward alternative energy sources. That means more fuel efficiency in our vehicles. For 3 of the last 4 years, I offered an increase in the CAFE standards so that the cars and trucks we drive in America are more fuel efficient, and I have lost every time, not only because of opposition from the other side but some within my own ranks. I think there is now a change, an awakening that we have to do something about this situation.  Of course, in this Congress, what have we done to increase the availability and affordability of health insurance and health care? Nothing. In fact, we have made it more difficult for the average family. We have decreased the benefits under Medicare and Medicaid, although we created the prescription Part D Program, which is, of course, a windfall for pharmaceutical companies. We didn't give the consumers of America the break they deserved. We have to find a way to make sure that Medicare Part D is affordable. To do that, Medicare should be able to bargain for lower drug prices.  My friend, Senator Dorgan from North Dakota, is in the Chamber. He has been working on this issue for a long time, the issue of drug importation from Canada and other places. I salute him for his success in bringing the issue forward. I share his frustration that we cannot seem to get the Republican leadership, which has promised time and again an opportunity for a vote, to actually have that vote and to change the law so that a lot of seniors and others across America can get affordable prescription drugs.  There is no effort here to make sure people who are vulnerable don't haveto worry about whether their health care or pensions will be there when it is time to retire. We just don't address that in this Congress. You see, sadly, these people cannot afford the lobbyists that other special interests can. Those articulate, well-paid, well-fed, well-dressed lobbyists who work right here in this building spend a lot of time in our faces. We need to talk to them because, frankly, they finance many of our campaigns. It is a sad reality that ought to change. It won't change until the leadership in Congress wakes up to the need for change, the need for a new direction on Capitol Hill.  Last Monday night, we had a commemoration of the fifth anniversary of 9/11. I guess about a hundred of us--Members of Congress--stood on the Capitol steps near the same place we stood 5 years ago as a Congress. There were some stirring remarks made, prayers said, and we closed with the singing of ``God Bless America.'' As we sang ``God Bless America,'' I thought for a moment that we needed to recapture the spirit of 5 years ago because we left that historic moment on the Capitol steps and Democrats and Republicans rolled up their sleeves in the House and Senate and said: What can we do to make America safe? In lightening fashion, we enacted a resolution which declared war on those who had attacked us.  I don't vote for war lightly, but I voted for that without hesitation, a war in Afghanistan, against al-Qaida, against the Taliban. It was the right thing to do. But today it is a war that we know has not been won. Five years later, it still has not been won. The ranks of al-Qaida on 9/11/2001 were estimated to be 20,000 worldwide. Today our intelligence sources say it is up to 50,000 and growing. The trend is in the wrong direction.  We wanted to turn the light out on al-Qaida when we voted for that resolution. We wanted to capture Osama bin Laden. We wanted to say to the world: You will pay if you attack the United States.  But today we are still fighting, and the commanders in Afghanistan tell us we are not doing as well as we should. We need more military forces. We need more of an effort.  Sadly, we may be losing that war, and we cannot afford to lose that war. Just a few months ago this administration announced it was disbanding the intelligence agency that was going to hunt down Osama bin Laden. Again, the Senators from North Dakota, Mr. Conrad and Mr. Dorgan, came to the floor last week and offered an amendment that was adopted unanimously to refund that effort to go after Osama bin Laden.  I don't believe capturing him will end the war on terrorism. I don't think it will guarantee Americans are safe, but it certainly is something we should do as a Nation.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Isakson). If the distinguished minority whip will cease for a second, the previous Presiding Officer of the Senate did not announce what should have been announced, which is, under the previous order, there will be a period for the transaction of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The distinguished minority whip has spoken in excess of 10 minutes. I want to make him aware that is why I stopped him, unless he asks unanimous consent to continue.  