President, I would like to ask the Senator from Texas to reconsider his position because we followed the language of his amendment exactly in limiting this waiver to cases where deportation of an immigrant would cause ``extreme hardship to a spouse, parent or child'' of the immigrant who is an American citizen or lawful permanent resident.  We also followed his language exactly in committing the decision whether to grant a waiver to ``the sole and unreviewable discretion'' of the Attorney General or Homeland Security Secretary. In every case, the government would have complete discretion to deny the waiver. No court could review the denial of a waiver. That is an extremely high standard. It is one that would apply only in very limited circumstances.  And I say to the Senator, consider for a moment, if you would, that the group of people that would be affected by the Kyl-Cornyn amendment are those who are in the United States in undocumented status, who have received final orders of deportation and have not left the United States. I think the Senate took a wise, bipartisan course in saying that even those people should be viewed in some circumstances as deserving of another chance--but in very limited circumstances.  Now we are talking about a different class of people in my amendment. These are people who are here legally. They are not undocumented. They are legal permanent residents. Then, because of new changes in the law that this bill would make--not the old standards but new standards in the law--they might be subject to deportation. And we say, in those cases, where you have people who are here legally, who may be subject to deportation because of changes in the law made by this bill, we will give to the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security ``sole and unreviewable'' discretion to decide whether there is a humanitarian case for not deporting them. I think it is fair to treat those who are currently here legally at least as well as those who are currently not here legally.  The Senator's earlier amendment dealt with that class that is here undocumented, and I supported him. I thought it was a very wise and humane thing for him and Senator Kyl to do. But I would ask him to consider. Shouldn't those who are here in legal permanent status receive at least as much consideration, if this new law establishes some means by which they could be deported, so in the case where there is extreme hardship to their American immediate family members, the Secretary would have this authority to grant them a waiver?  I say to the Senator, we use your identical language. And I did that even though I might have wanted to put it in different words. I thought to myself, let's stick to the standard that was established in the Kyl-Cornyn amendment. So I hope the Senator from Texas will reconsider.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time, if the Senator has any comments.  