These who are witnessing this debate may think it is just another debate on another bill, but it is not. This is a debate that has been in the brewing--at least in the making, I should say--for decades. Senator Kennedy of Massachusetts has been speaking out about meaningful immigration reform for decades. It has eluded us. There are times when we have done temporary things of some value, but we have never come to grips with the fact that the immigration laws in America have broken down. We are in virtual chaos. Borders are out of control, employers are hiring people without adequate enforcement, and there are 11 million or 12 million amongst us who are in undocumented or illegal status, uncertain of their future.  This is controversial. We have to come to grips with it. But it is rare in the history of the Senate that we consider a bill that touches so many hearts and changes so many lives in America as this immigration reform. We are literally going to define America's future with this bill. We are going to make it clear whether we are going to hold to the values that have made us a great and diverse nation.  There are people amongst us, some you may see and not know--people you sit next to in church; families who bring their children to school with your children; the worker at the daycare center where you leave your precious kids every morning; the practical nurse who is working at a nursing home caring for your aging parent; the people who cooked your breakfast this morning at the restaurant, who cleared the table; those who will straighten your room after you leave the hotel--many of them you may not know, but look closely. Many of them will be directly affected by what we do in this Senate Chamber. What we do will change their lives. What we do will give them a chance to come out of the shadows, to emerge from the fear of detection, to finally have a chance to be part of America. We don't make it easy for them. It is a long, hard process to move from where they are today to legal status tomorrow, but at least we are addressing it and doing it in an honest fashion.  This morning's vote on cloture is on a bill which I think is the best approach. That is why I will vote for cloture. Some will disagree. But we know, even as I stand here, there is another agreement underway. It is promising. It embodies the basic principles of the bill that emerged from the Senate Judiciary Committee. That bill included the Kennedy-McCain substitute, an approach which offers a pathway to legalization for the millions who are here in America.  I salute Senator Specter who spoke before me. He was one of the four Republicans who stood with eight Democrats to bring that bill out. It was not a popular position on his side of the table. The majority of Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee oppose this bill. When it came to the floor, the leaders on the Republican side of the Senate condemned the bill. Yet today we find ourselves in a much different place.  I give special credit to my leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada. In the beginning of this week he said, We are going to stand fast for the values and principles of this bipartisan bill. He has taken a lot of heat on the floor of the Senate and outside, resisting amendments that would cripple and destroy this process and derail our efforts to finally have comprehensive immigration reform. Were it not for Senator Harry Reid on the Democratic side of this aisle standing fast, I don't know that we could have reached the point we have reached today. But we have reached it, and it tells me that we finally have come together in a bipartisan fashion to deal with an issue that affects so many millions across this country.  It is not over. Even if the cloture vote, as we call it in the Senate, passes tomorrow on the compromise, this can still be derailed. There are still Senators, primarily on the other side of the aisle, determined to derail this agreement. They will offer crippling, devastating amendments. We need to stand fast on a bipartisan basis to resist those amendments. Those who pledge their fealty to this bill can prove it with their votes. Don't say you are for it today and vote for a devastating amendment tomorrow.  Secondly, what we decide here will go to a conference with the House. The House approach is so different and it is so wrong. The House Republican immigration bill by Chairman Sensenbrenner does not reflect American values. To say that 12 million amongst us will be branded as felons under the Federal law, to say that Good Samaritans, nurses and teachers and volunteers and people of faith, will be charged as criminals under the Federal law is unthinkable and unacceptable and is not consistent with American values. We will walk into a conference with that point of view among the House Republicans. If we do not hold fast to our belief that we need a bill that is fair, a bill that is honest and tough, a bill that is consistent with American values, we will come back with a terrible outcome.  We need a commitment from the Republican majority in the Senate that we will not even consider a conference report that moves in the direction of the Sensenbrenner bill in the House. That is unacceptable. It is unacceptable for us to criminalize millions of people.  With that commitment, and if we stand true to the values of McCain-Kennedy and the bill produced by the Senate Judiciary Committee, we will finally bring our neighbors and those who live amongst us out of the shadows.  I yield the floor.  