President, I know my colleague is waiting to speak, so I will hold myself to that 5 minutes.  When we came back after 9/11, we gathered together on a bipartisan basis. We passed the PATRIOT Act. We initiated this military effort against those who attacked us on 9/11. There was a true spirit of bipartisanship.  Sadly, things broke down. They broke down when we invaded Iraq, and they haven't gotten well since. The President's decision to move forward with the invasion of Iraq with Great Britain by our side, but really with the American troops in the forefront, with the American taxpayers paying the bill, has divided us as a Nation. A majority of Americans today question whether that was the right decision. I question whether that was the right decision. I was one of 23 who voted against going to war. I did not believe the intelligence supported it.  Events that have happened since--we have lost 2,671 of our best and bravest and finest American soldiers. They have given their lives in that war in Iraq; 19,000 or more have returned seriously injured. We have spent over $320 billion. We spend anywhere from $1.5 billion to $3 billion a week on a war with no end in sight.  We went through this administration's effort to redefine torture to abandon the Geneva Conventions that we had stood by for decades. We saw the scandals of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo.  Arthur Schlesinger, Jr., a noted historian, said the issue of torture has damaged the image of America in the world more than anything in our history. That is a sweeping statement from a man who has spent his life measuring history and its impact on the world. He believes torture under the Bush-Cheney administration has damaged our reputation more than anything in our history.  Thank goodness Senator John McCain stood up and rallied us on a bipartisan basis by a vote of 90 to 9 to say torture is not part of America's policy. Yet again we are debating this issue, as the Bush administration comes to us and says: When it comes to the treatment of detainees, we cannot stand by the Geneva Conventions. We have to redefine it. And they go further.  The Bush administration insists that if anyone in the administration has been guilty of wrongdoing--the use of torture, cruel, inhuman, degrading treatment--they should be absolved from any criminal liability. What does that say to the world about our standards and values in the United States?  I am glad GEN Colin Powell spoke out yesterday. He hit the nail on the head. If this is a moral position we are taking to opposing terror, we cannot support the President's proposal for the treatment of detainees. And I salute, again, the four Republicans who stood up yesterday in the Armed Services Committee and had the courage to speak up and say there is a better way. There is a better way to protect America and not lose our values.  I hope we listen to them when we bring this bipartisan measure to the Senate floor. The same thing happened in the Senate Judiciary Committee. We are adrift when it comes to this wiretapping issue. We reported out three different bills. The committee couldn't make up its mind.  On one of the bills, we said to the President: You are Commander in Chief. You have the power to do what you wish. Another bill that Senator Feinstein has introduced, which I support and is bipartisan, says take the FISA law, the bill that governs wiretapping, gives the President the time he needs to do what is right, go after al-Qaida, wiretap his conversations, stop terror before it occurs, but do it in the framework of the law. The Feinstein bipartisan approach is a sensible approach. It is one that honors the tradition of the rule of law in America.  We have two bipartisan approaches now to the treatment of detainees, as reported by the Armed Services Committee and to wiretapping as reported from the Judiciary Committee with the Feinstein amendment. Let's return to that spirit of 9/11/2001. Let's return to that bipartisan spirit and get this done and get it done right. At least we will be able to point to that achievement as this Congress draws to a close.  I salute my Republican colleagues who stood up for principle and values that we all should share in America. I hope this administration over the weekend will reevaluate their position. I hope they will move forward with us in a bipartisan fashion to make America safe but do it the American way.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  