 At a press conference on December 19, 2005, President Bush called FISA ``a very important tool.'' I would say to the President, FISA is more than a tool. It is a law, and we are a nation of laws.  Our Constitution separates powers between different branches of Government. Under article I of the Constitution, Congress has the power to make laws. Under article 2 of the Constitution, the President must take care that the laws are faithfully executed.  The Supreme Court has faced questions like this in the past, questions regarding the powers of the President in the midst of a war. During the Korean war, President Harry Truman violated the law by seizing America's steel mills to aid the war effort. In the historic Youngstown Steel case, the Court rejected President Truman's actions and concluded:       The Constitution is neither silent nor equivocal about who      shall make laws which the President is to execute. . . . The      Founders of this Nation entrusted the lawmaking power to the      Congress alone in both good and bad times.  In order to win the war on terrorism, we must maintain the high ground by respecting our Constitution and respecting the laws of the land. To do otherwise makes us weaker as a nation and harms our national security.  And that is what is at stake with this Supreme Court nomination. Judge Sam Alito, from his early days in the Reagan administration, through the rulings in his court and his testimony before the Judiciary Committee, time and again seems to defer to the Executive's assertions of power. At this moment in history, like none other in recent times, that is a critical and timely issue. We have to ask the question, would this judge on the Court protect our basic privacy and personal freedom or would he give to this President power to ignore the law?  Last week Attorney General Gonzales issued a long memo supporting the administration's position on the NSA spying program. That memo went so far as to suggest that this administration is not even bound by the PATRIOT Act. It suggests that the President can use the powers authorized by the PATRIOT Act without even the limited checks and balances contained in the PATRIOT Act, regardless of what Congress says.  So what has happened is the administration has gone from the question of torture to this whole question of eavesdropping, and now has suggested that this President has the authority to do whatever he cares to do in the name of his power as Commander in Chief.  The Supreme Court in the past has not agreed with Presidents who have tried to seize that much power. President Truman learned that the hard way. I am hopeful this Supreme Court will respect the Constitution and respect the laws of the land and restrain this President or any President who tries to move that far and that fast.  So it comes down to this with the Alito nomination. I am afraid as we look carefully at his record it is clear that he would allow the Government to go too far, to intrude on our personal privacy and our freedoms. I am afraid that he would take the country in the wrong direction when it comes to women's rights and civil rights. I am afraid that his record, as I mentioned earlier on the floor today, is evidence that when he is given a choice between ruling in court for an established institution--whether it is a business or a government--or standing with a consumer or an individual, he consistently rules for the established institution. I am afraid that the 1985 memo, which became a large part of his recent hearing, still guides Judge Alito in many respects in his heart of hearts.  I think the fact that Harriet Miers was rejected by so many conservative groups and the President had to withdraw her nomination has to be taken into consideration here. Judge Sam Alito came as her successor, as the nominee. The same groups that had rejected her accepted Sam Alito. They know or believe they know what I have spoken of this evening, that his is a philosophy that is outside the mainstream, that is not consistent with the values of this country and not consistent with the fine record written by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor.  