President, I thank my colleague from the State of Michigan because she has been a leader when it comes to the issue of helping consumers across America. Many people say it is morning in America, but not if you stop at a gas station. It feels like it is the dead of night, and it is getting pretty cold and windy outside.  What the Senator from Michigan has said is that instead of this meaningless $100 which has been suggested on the other side of the aisle and which has become something of a joke, she suggested a significant amount: $500. Clearly, that is not going to make up for all of the added expenses of gasoline for people across America, but Senator Stabenow has been a leader in suggesting that the oil companies should give up their subsidies and tax breaks, which they continue to beg for with record profits, and instead we should take that money and give it back to the consumers. It is a rebate that would go not to the Treasury that would be lost in the sauce but would go back directly to families and consumers across America. I thank the Senator from Michigan for her leadership.  A little later this morning, many of us are going to have a gathering with farm groups across America. It is often overlooked. I know the Senator from Michigan has mentioned it about her State, but our farmers are facing a tremendous hardship because of the increased cost of energy, not just diesel fuel but also the gasoline they need for the work of the farm, and added costs, as well, for items like fertilizers and pesticides. We estimate that over the last 5 years, Illinois farmers on an average are going to pay an additional $24,000 because of these additional energy costs, the natural gas component of fertilizers, as well as the fuel to use in their tractors and in their vehicles. That $24,000 right off the bottom line for farmers can be the breaking point for some, and many may not survive. That is why this debate is important and why it is timely and why we should not waste any time addressing it.  I am afraid we have reached the point where we have to acknowledge the obvious. 