President, I am aware of it, and I feel sorry for the people who run these gas stations. One can imagine what their customers say when they come to the counter. They are outraged over the increase in gasoline prices, angry over this situation and the impact it is going to have on their lives. And, of course, they try to take it out on the first person they see, and that happens to be an innocent bystander, the person running the gasoline station.  What troubles me as well, instead of moving toward energy independence, we have resistance for putting in place facilities so that alternative fuels can be used by consumers across America.  Senator Obama of Illinois, my colleague, has introduced legislation to put E-85--that means it is a fuel you can use in your car that is 85 percent alcohol fuel, 85 percent ethanol, cheaper now than a gallon of petroleum-based gasoline. The oil companies have been very slow to put those facilities in the gas stations even across Illinois, the largest producer of ethanol in the Nation.  What Senator Obama has pushed for--and I agree--is that we need to have the oil companies opening up opportunities so that consumers can at least fight back.  If you have a car or a truck that can burn this environmentally friendly and energy-efficient ethanol, then you ought to have an option to fill your tank that way. Sadly, they don't. The oil companies have been very slow and dragging their feet in giving consumers that option. Why? Because they don't make the ethanol and, as a consequence, they don't want to promote a product from which they cannot profit. That day is over. We have to move toward alternative fuels.  Isn't it amazing that the country of Brazil decided more than 10 years ago they were not going to be held hostage to foreign oil and they would become energy independent. Making that decision with the right leadership at the top, they are moving soon to the day where they don't have to worry about foreign dictators pushing them around like chumps when it comes to oil supplies.  How did they do this? They went to alcohol fuel. They said: We can fuel an economy with home-grown energy.  We can do the same thing in America. How important is it? Take a look at the morning paper, the Washington Post, and you will see a story about Iran. The man who runs this country of Iran is a very strange man. He makes pronouncements about the world and history which are nothing short of bizarre. Yet he sits on top of 70 million people and some of the largest oil reserves in the world.  What did he say about the pressure from the United States to stop him from building nuclear weapons?       Other Iranian officials said the Islamic republic would      hide its nuclear program and curtail its oil production if      foreign governments took harsh actions against Iran for      failure to restrict its nuclear activities.  In most places, this is known as blackmail--blackmail--that the leader of Iran would say to us: If you put pressure on us to stop building nuclear weapons, we are going to hold back your oil. You think $4 a gallon is expensive? How about $5? That is the kind of showdown we face because these petro-dollar-based puppet dictators around the world have us over an oil barrel.  When are we going to change? When will we find leadership from this President and this administration to move us to energy independence? When will we have fuel efficiency for cars and trucks instead of seeing it go the wrong way--21 miles a gallon and lower? Why aren't we moving toward the day when it is 35 miles per gallon and more?  When I offered an amendment for CAFE standards in the last bill, I had very little support. I didn't even have everybody on my side of the aisle, to be perfectly honest with you. But I wonder what would happen if that amendment came back today. People need to understand we need fuel-efficient vehicles, we need alternative fuels, we need conservation.  To think we signed an energy bill last August creating a national energy policy and have had nothing but energy crises ever since is an indication we need to go back to the drawing board. We need to reassess where we are in this world economy, and we need to understand that the fault at the pump is not because of an addiction to oil by consumers. The fault at the pump is because of the greed of oil companies and the lack of vision and leadership at the top in our American Government.  We need to have a new direction, a significant change in direction if we are going to become energy independent in the near future and if we are going to see gasoline prices come down before they cripple the American economy.  I know of what I speak. If you go to O'Hare Airport, you will find it to be the home of United Airlines, now emerging from bankruptcy. It was a painful process. Workers and retirees gave up a lot to get through bankruptcy. And the major reason that airline went into bankruptcy? The cost of fuel. Other airlines face the same situation--reducing their workforce, reducing their pay, reducing retirement, reducing health benefits because the price of fuel went up. While they are suffering, ExxonMobile has record-breaking profits.  What is wrong with this picture? Where is the fairness? Where is the equity? Where is the President? We needvoices here that speak to these oil company executives about a new course of action.  Gasoline prices across America are intolerable. We can go through community after community, and you can see it when you go home, as I did this last work period, the Easter work period, back in the State of Illinois. People understand this one. They understand there is a failure in leadership. If we lament the fact that people don't get up and vote and don't seem to care about the state of our Government, it is because when they are in trouble, the Government is not there.  The simple speech made by the President yesterday is not the answer, but it is the beginning, I hope, of a dialog, a bipartisan dialog to move us in a new direction.  I hope the President not only invites the oil company executives in to tell them they are destroying the American economy but also invites people from both sides of the aisle in, in a bipartisan dialog, about a new direction. To give a speech on Earth Day about hydrogen-powered cars is an interesting, long-term concept. It is certainly not a near-term or medium-term answer to what we are faced with in America.  We have to have a new approach and a new direction when it comes to our energy. There are ways to do it. Lessening our dependence on foreign oil, an amendment offered by Senator Cantwell of Washington to the Energy bill, was rejected on a partisan vote. It said: Why doesn't America set a goal of reducing our dependence on foreign oil by at least 50 percent over the next few years? It was rejected on a partisan basis. Everyone on the other side of the aisle voted against it. Why? In my mind, that is the beginning of energy independence and a stronger American economy.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Vitter). Who yields time?  The Senator from New Mexico is recognized.  