It is the hardest working committee on Capitol Hill. I am glad I am on it. I look at others and they seem to have a lot of time off and we don't. I am a member of that committee. I respect the chairman for all we have done and tried to do in a short period of time.       Let me say to the chairman that I am troubled by one of his      comments during the course of this conversation. That was the      comment that what Senator Kyl seeks to do would improve the      bill. I would suggest to the chairman that a careful review      of the Kyl amendment will find that it defeats the purpose of      a major portion of this bill.  If that is the intent--to strip from this bill a path to legalization--then I think it is a much different bill than the one which we approved 12 to 6 out of our committee, a bill which the chairman supported and which I supported on a bipartisan basis, and which Senator Kyl of Arizona opposed.  Let me be specific. The Kyl-Cornyn amendment which they are seeking to bring to the floor eliminates the path to legalization for potentially millions of undocumented immigrants who have committed no crime. It eliminates it from this bill. It creates a condition for qualification to be eligible for that path that would be, frankly, impossible for many to meet. Let me tell you what I mean.  I ask the chairman if he would still believe this improves the bill. Proponents of the Kyl-Cornyn amendment claim that the Judiciary Committee bill would allow criminals to become permanent residents. I think the chairman knows, as most people do, that the bill expressly lays out in specific words those crimes which would disqualify a person from a path to legalization. I could go through this long list, but I will not, other than to tell you that every crime of moral turpitude, and many others, would disqualify one from this legal pathway.  What the Kyl-Cornyn amendment really does is undermine the earned citizenship program in the bill. It prevents potentially millions who are in the United States from applying for legal status because of status violations and not crimes. The vast majority of undocumented immigrants who would be affected by the Kyl-Cornyn amendment are not criminals but rather the exact classes of immigrants which we intended to help with title VI of the Judiciary Committee bill.  Our analysis of the Department of Homeland Security data shows that over 95 percent of the people who would be affected by the Kyl-Cornyn amendment have committed no crime. Theonly crime they have committed is the fact that they are undocumented in America today.  I ask the chairman how it would improve the bill to remove the path for legalization for 95 percent of the people who would be affected by the Kyl-Cornyn amendment. If the Kyl-Cornyn amendment passes, the United States will still have a crisis of illegality, and we will not have what we hoped in the committee, a balanced approach which allows those who are currently here a long, arduous but legal way to reach their citizenship at some point in their lives.  