President, I salute my colleague, the leader on the Democratic side, Senator Reid, for addressing the shortcomings of the President's message yesterday.  People across America get this. They understand that every morning when they go to fill up their tanks, it is costing them more money than they ever imagined. Senator Reid, from Nevada, has referenced a situation in his State where people are going to pawnshops and taking valuable things they own, trying to come up with enough cash to keep going.  We find in Illinois that we have what are called ``payday loans.'' I don't know if you have it across the country. It is not an industry I admire. It charges some of the highest interest rates to people who have low credit ratings. We find people going into these payday loan shops, borrowing against their next paycheck to buy gasoline for their cars to go to work. This is obviously a desperate move by people who have nowhere to turn.  We hear from the President that he is going to call on the Federal Trade Commission to get tough. As Senator Reid said, we already included that in the last Energy bill in a Democratic amendment offered by Senator Stabenow of Michigan. It is in the bill. This is nothing new. To hold back 1 day's investment of oil into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve is not going to have a measurable impact on anything.  The simple fact is the President has to call the oil company executives into his office, stare them in the eye, and tell them they are destroying the American economy, they are killing jobs in America, they are making farming unprofitable, and they are causing a hardship to American families much greater than any tax rebate check sent several years ago by this administration. Until the President stares them in the eye and tells them he is going to take action against them, they are going to continue to kite their profits at the expense of the American workers and businesses.  That is why ExxonMobil had the largest profit in the history of business in America in a quarter. It showed billions of dollars in profit and then rewarded its retiring CEO for his fine job in running up the price of gasoline and gave him a $400 million going-away gift. That is some gold watch, isn't it? Mr. Raymond didn't even have to buy a Powerball ticket, and he got $400 million. Why? Because we are paying outrageous sums for gasoline at the pump. The oil companies blame everybody--Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, OPEC--and they have all kinds of explanations. But the bottom line is their profits are going through the roof. Every morning in newspapers across America are full-page ads saying: Don't hold against us that we are profitable; we are going to do good things with the money you are sending us.  It doesn't work. They are crippling the economy. There are indications on Capitol Hill that the oil industry executives got the message yesterday.  Do you know what the announcement was this morning? The oil company executives have announced that because of this concern across America for rising gasoline prices, they have gotten the message. They are going to invest $30 million in buying more lobbyists in Washington, DC. That's right. The Hill newspaper this morning reports that the American petroleum industry has decided they are going to buy $30 million worth of lobbyists to roam and crawl through the Halls on Capitol Hill to find their friends and to tell them this really isn't a problem.  You know what. Unfortunately, they may be successful. Just yesterday, in the reconciliation bill, the House Republicans decided they did not want to have taxes imposed on the oil companies. They want to take these taxes off the oil companies. Why would you do that? The oil companies have record profits. The money coming back from those profits should be helping America and helping consumers. But with $30 million more worth of lobbyists on Capitol Hill, I am afraid I know how this is going to end--the special interests will win again, and the consumers will lose.  I say to my colleague from Nevada, as we consider the issues that face us, we believe--I hope he shares in that belief--that energy is a critical issue. It is important not only to family budgets, it is important to economic growth in America. And unless and until we have the vision and leadership coming from the White House to stare down these oil company executives and to set an agenda for energy independence in America, it is my fear that we will continue to see these crippling gasoline prices in Nevada and across Illinois.  