Mr. President, I thank my colleague from the State of Washington for her leadership on this bill relative to port security. It is a very important bill.  Of course, the Port of Chicago is concerned about these issues, as many are around the country. We understand this is basically an authorization bill and that before things will happen, money has to be appropriated. So an authorization is a promise; an appropriation is a reality. I hope we can follow through with the good promises that are included in this bill, many important good promises, with the reality of appropriating money for that particular effort. But what we have offered in addition to the port security bill is the Real Security Act which has been proposed by the Democratic side.  In just the few moments I have, I wish to outline what we do.  First, we are going to rely on the expertise of a bipartisan group that has gained great respect across the Nation, and that, of course, is the 9/11 Commission. The 9/11 Commission, with Governor Kean of New Jersey, a Republican, and Congressman Hamilton, a Democrat, came up with 41 recommendations to make America safer. They published those recommendations more than 2 years ago. It was a blueprint for making this a safer nation.  This Commission has stayed in business long enough to grade the administration and Congress on its response. The results of their last report card were alarming. Last December, they graded our Government's progress as follows: 5 F's, 12 D's, 9 C's, and one A-minus. That is it. For 41 recommendations, we ended up being told by this Commission that we are not paying attention.  The Real Security Act, which the Democrats propose, basically says as a starting point that we need to establish a comprehensive system to make certain the 9/11 recommendations are followed. That, to me, should be a bipartisan starting point. But the President's budget and the actions of Congress have not allowed us to reach that goal.  We also believe we cannot talk about a secure America without speaking about the obvious: 145,000 Americans are risking their lives in Iraq today as we stand in the safety of this Chamber; 2,671 of our bravest soldiers have died, 19,000 seriously injured; and a war that has cost us $325 billion with no end in sight. That is the reality.  We believe that if we learned the lessons of 9/11, we need to bring our troops home with their mission truly accomplished. That means a partial redeployment of troops this year so the Iraqis take responsibility for their own defense and their own future.  There is also an element in this bill that is near and dear to me, and it relates to the issue of transportation. We are just not doing enough. We know at the airports, when we have to take off our shoes, they go through our luggage, and we hand over our toothpaste, what is going on there. What is happening in other places? We are not doing enough when it comes to making Amtrak safer.  Three million Illinoisans ride Amtrak each year. Yet neither Amtrak's tracks nor its Midwest hub, Chicago's Union Station, is as secure as it should be. The Chicago Transit Agency alone has over $500 million in unmet security needs. And the Port of Chicago, as I mentioned earlier, needs more funds for homeland security.  I am afraid that the Bush administration and this Republican-led Congress have also done little or nothingto deal with the potential threats at our nuclear powerplants and our chemical industry plants. These, I am afraid, could be a tempting terrorist target.  In our bill, the Real Security Act, on the Democratic side, proposes we spend money to make certain they are safer, that we authorize this expenditure. We want to equip our intelligence community to fight the war against terrorism. Intelligence is our first line in defense. For the first time in 28 years, the Republican Congress has failed to pass an intelligence authorization act. Our amendment does that, to make sure the intelligence agencies have the authorizations they need and the guidance they need to keep America safe.  We also need to provide better tools to bring terrorists to justice. We believe we can do this without abandoning the Constitution or the rule of law.  I salute the Presiding Officer, who has shown extraordinary leadership in this area. His background in the Air Force and his service in the Judge Advocate General Service Corps has made him a very valuable voice in this debate.  I am hopeful that we can show we can keep America safe without abandoning our values, that we can fight terrorism while still honoring those basic principles, those constitutional principles we have all sworn to uphold. We can bring these terrorists to justice. We can do it in a way that we can point to with pride, that the world can judge was a fair proceeding and, in so doing, we can demonstrate to the world that the rule of law is worth following, even when a nation is under attack and threat of terrorism.  This Real Security Act of 2006 is a comprehensive effort on the Democratic side to complement the underlying bill and to make sure we don't do just part of the job but do the entire job, that we move forward to make America safer.  We understand the threat. We live in a dangerous world. The fifth anniversary of 9/11 was a reminder to all of us where we were on that fateful day. If we are going to look forward and say to the American people: We can make your country and our country safer, then we should enact the Real Security Act, the amendment pending before the Senate.  Wouldn't it be refreshing if our Republican colleagues would join us in supporting this amendment, if we could return to the bipartisan spirit that followed 9/11 and do something in concert without partisan division? It really makes America safer.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Murkowski). Who yields time?  