President, Jerome Holmes has made some troubling statements about affirmative action and the use of race in our society. He has said:       [Affirmative action] policies necessarily divide us along      racial lines, and establish a spoils system based upon skin      color. . . .       [t]he [Supreme] court upheld the affirmative action policy      of the university's law school [in the 2003 Michigan case].      And in so doing, it missed an important opportunity to drive      the final nail in the coffin of affirmative action. . . .       [r]ace-based scholarship programs . . . [are]      constitutionally dubious and morally offensive racial      classifications. . . .       Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson and their ilk have little to      offer me or other African-Americans in the 21st century. They      continue to peddle a misguided and dangerous message of      victimization. . . . As long as Jackson and company can      successfully portray African-Americans as victims to the      public at large, they'll be able to wring concessions out of      educational institutions like Harvard University and      corporate      America. . . .  Mr. Holmes didn't make just an occasional comment against affirmative action. He has written over a dozen columns and op-ed pieces expressing his views on race and affirmative action.  I understand and accept that people in good faith can disagree about issues of race and the merits of affirmative action. It is a hard issue for many people and it stirs passions on both sides. But Mr. Holmes' statements are those of an ideological soldier. When it comes to affirmative action, Mr. Holmes seems to have open hostility, not an open mind.  In its letter of opposition to the Holmes nomination, the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights wrote: ``Mr. Holmes has been a longstanding and outspoken critic of affirmative action, and his views raise serious questions about whether he would rule impartially and fairly in cases involving affirmative action.''  I asked Mr. Holmes a simple question: Would you be willing to recuse yourself in all cases involving affirmative action?  Section 455 of title 28 of the United States Code states: ``Any justice, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States shall disqualify himself in any proceeding in which his impartiality might reasonably be questioned.''  This seems like a simple standard, and I share the belief of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights that Mr. Holmes presents a clear case of someone whose impartiality would be questioned when it comes to affirmative action.  But Mr. Holmes doesn't see it that way. He said he would not recuse himself in affirmative action cases. He said he would be able to put his personal views aside and rule fairly on this issue. I doubt it. He harbors such hostility to affirmative action and such disdain for those who promote it--that I believe he will not have an open mind on this issue.  We have seen judicial nominee after judicial nominee come before this committee and pledge to put their personal views aside. But they rarely do. Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito said they would put their personal views aside before they were confirmed, but they have not done so.  Just in the last 2 months, Chief Justice Roberts and Justice Alito have voted to limit the scope of the Voting Rights Act. They have voted to strip whistleblower protections for prosecutors. They have voted to restrict the right to privacy so that can police officers can enter a home without knocking. They have voted to expand the death penalty and to reduce the rights of the criminally accused. They have voted to roll back 30 years of environmental protection under the Clean Water Act. And in the case Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, Justice Alito embraced the view taken by John Roberts in the appellate court that the President should have unchecked power when it comes to using military commissions for enemy combatants.  There are very real and serious consequences when it comes to confirming judicial nominees.  I also think Mr. Holmes lacks good judgment because he didn't answer several questions that I asked him during the nomination process.  For example, I asked him if be believed the Supreme Court cases of Roe v. Wade, Brown v. Board of Education, and Miranda v. Arizona are consistent with the notion of ``strict constructionism.'' Mr. Holmes refused to answer. He said: ``it would be inappropriate for me to offer my personal views as to whether these decisions are consistent with a particular school of judicial decision-making.''  Well, tell that to Deborah Cook. She was a nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit a few years ago, and I asked her the same question. She answered it. I appreciated her candor, and I voted to confirm her.  I also asked Mr. Holmes to explain a statement he made about his judicial philosophy. In his Senate questionnaire, he wrote: ``The judiciary should not . . . issu[e] rulings that go beyond the resolution of the dispute before the court to impose wide-ranging obligations on societal groups.'' I asked Mr. Holmes to provide some specific examples of what he meant by this. He refused to do so.  I do not believe Jerome Holmes deserves a lifetime position on the second highest court in the country.  