President, the last item I would like to speak to is one that is now in the news for the last several hours. It has been noted that in the court papers filed by Lewis Scooter Libby before the Federal court that he has made some amazing disclosures. You will remember that Mr. Libby was Vice President Cheney's chief of staff who was indicted recently over the Valeri Plame incident. The Valeri Plame incident involved a situation where someone told Robert Novak, a columnist, about the identity of a woman who was working undercover to protect the United States. That disclosure was made through White House sources which Mr. Novak attributed them to and has been investigated since by Patrick Fitzgerald, who is a special prosecutor on this case and the U.S. attorney for the northern district of Illinois.  As a result of his investigation to date, Mr. Libby, Vice President Cheney's chief of staff, has been indicted. Now today there are disclosures that in his court papers he has made some statements which are troubling. Before his indictment, according to CNN.com, Lewis Libby testified to the grand jury investigating the CIA leak that Vice President Cheney told him to pass on the information and that it was President Bush who authorized the disclosure.  According to the documents, the authorization led to a July 8, 2003, conversation between Mr. Libby and New York Times reporter Judith Miller. There was no indication in this court filing that either President Bush or Vice President Cheney authorized Mr. Libby to disclose Valeri Plame's CIA identity, but the disclosure in documents filed Wednesday means that the President of the United States and the Vice President put Lewis Libby in play as a secret provider of information to reporters about prewar intelligence on Iraq.  The authorization came as the Bush administration faced mounting criticism about its failure to find weapons of mass destruction, the main reason the President gave for the invasion of Iraq.  Mr. Libby's participation in a critical conversation with New York Times reporter Judith Miller on July 8, 2003, occurred only after the Vice President advised the defendant, Mr. Libby, that the President of the United States specifically had authorized Mr. Libby to disclose certain information in the National Intelligence Estimate. That is what is in the court records. That is what was disclosed today.  At the time the National Intelligence Estimate was prepared, I was a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee. I recall it very well because as we were preparing for the invasion of Iraq, one of the senior staff people on the committee came to me and said: Senator, something is unusual here. We never make an important decision, let alone an invasion of a country, without what is known as a National Intelligence Estimate. We bring together all the intelligence agencies of our Federal Government, ask them to compare notes, and reach a conclusion as to what we are likely to find if we move forward. It has not been done.  This was in September. The vote on authorizing the invasion of Iraq was weeks away, and we still hadn't brought together the best minds of our intelligence community to determine what we were likely to find once there. So I wrote a letter to George Tenet, head of the Central Intelligence Agency, requesting this National Intelligence Estimate, as well as Senator Robert Graham, who joined me, as chairman of the committee, in making the same request. Within a few weeks, the National Intelligence Estimate was prepared and given to us.  There has been a lot of review of that estimate ever since. Some people say it was a shoddy job. It was slapped together. It had footnotes that didn't make sense. It was the basis of our intelligence for going to war. But the one thing I can tell you is, the minute it was handed to me in the Intelligence Committee, I was told: This is top secret. This is classified. You disclose this at your own peril. You will be subject to criminal prosecution if you do. It is one of the burdens of serving on that committee. You are reminded of that constantly, that no matter what information you absorb, you cannot speak to that information when you leave that closed room.  Now we learn that according to Mr. Libby, now under indictment, he was authorized by not only Vice President Cheney but President Bush to disclose information in the National Intelligence Estimate to the press. The allegations that are contained here suggest that information was being disclosed in order to overcome criticism that the American people had been misled about weapons of mass destruction.  I have to tell you, as a member of that committee, we looked at the preparation of this intelligence leading up to the war, and we were disappointed. Our intelligence agencies did not do the professional job we expected of them. I can't explain to you exactly why. Some of it has to do with lack of technology, lack of sharing information. Some of it, they were just plain wrong.  Their guess and best estimate as to what we would find in Iraq was plain wrong. Despite all of the hyperbole about weapons of mass destruction, still today, not a single weapon has been found. Despite all of the suggestions that somehow Saddam Hussein was part of the tragedy and disaster of 9/11, absolutely no connection has been established. Despite all of the threats of mushroom clouds from Condoleezza Rice and others, it turns out there was no evidence of nuclear weapons in Iraq.  That information was wrong. The American people were told that we have to go to war, we have to risk the lives of American servicemen because of a threat that didn't exist. Where are we today? We are still there, and 130,000 American soldiers, as I stand here safely, are risking their lives for America in Iraq. As of this morning, 2,346 American soldiers have died in service to their country. We stand in awe of their patriotism and courage, but we have to ask some hard questions.  The hard questions go to this point: How and when will this war end? When will the Iraqis reach the point where they accept responsibility for their own country? We can no longer afford to be misled about the threat to the United States and what lies ahead in Iraq. The people I spoke to on my recent trip to southern Illinois got it right. One of them said: Why aren't we going to the Iraqi Government and saying that over 3 years ago we sent in our soldiers to depose your dictator, a man whom no one respected; we deposed him so that you could take control of your own country. We put American lives on the line so you could hold free elections. We gave you a chance to start your own government. When are the Iraqis going to stand up for themselves, their own country, and their own defense? How many years have we been promised that we are so close to the day when the Iraqi Army will be able to take the place of the U.S. Army? I will believe it when the first American soldier comes home and is replaced by an Iraqi soldier ready to stand and die for Iraq, as our soldiers do every single day.  Sadly, we don't know when that day might come. The President comes before the American people several weeks ago and what does he say? ``Be patient.'' Be patient as more American soldiers are endangered and lose their lives. Be patient as we face a situation with no end in sight. It is hard to counsel patience. When asked directly when will the American soldiers be coming home, what did the President say? That will be up to the next President--the next President.  The Iraq war has lasted almost as long as World War II. If we have to wait 2\1/2\ more years for American soldiers to come home, it will be one of the longest conflicts in our history. Is this what we bargained for when we invaded Iraq? We know now that the so-called coalition of the willing involved a lot of countries, but primarily it involved American lives. It is American soldiers who are standing and fighting in vastly greater numbers than any other country that is involved.  Let me tell you that the families who wait at home anxiously want to know the same answer to the question I pose: When, Mr. President, is this war going to end? When are we going to turn over the responsibility to the Iraqis?  When will we replace American soldiers with Iraqis who will stand and fight for Iraq? This last week I was in Illinois and visiting with friends of mine who work in railroad unions. I talked about this issue, and a fellow followed me out of the room and said: My son is headed over there next week. He started crying. This strong fellow who worked for the railroad all his life was a father whose heart was broken knowing his son was going into this danger. How many families have had to watch that happen and waited anxiously and expectantly at home for the letters and e-mails and phone calls? How many, sadly, have received the tragic news that they were one of the 2,346 families who lost someone they loved very much in that country?  Mr. President, as I read the allegations in the newspapers from Mr. Libby, former Chief of Staff to Vice President Cheney, they were disclosing secret, classified information from a national intelligence estimate to the press in the hopes of bolstering the President's popularity. It is a grave disappointment. We can do nothing less than to investigate this. We need to find out if this did occur. If it did occur, the President and Vice President must be held accountable--accountable for misleading the American people and for disclosure of classified information for political purposes. That is as serious as it gets in this democracy.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Cornyn). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  