President, I join with the majority leader and the Democratic leader in a tribute to Mary Miller Arnold who served us so well in the Senate and recently passed away. We join in expressing our condolences to Mary Arnold's family, her husband Ed, her son Edwin, Jr., and her daughter Mary Elizabeth.  Her sudden and unexpected death comes as a shock to all of us as we return to the Senate Chamber expecting to see her smiling face as we have for so many years. I am so used to seeing her sitting near the door on the bench where the Democratic staffers sit. What an impression she made every single day I saw her. Perfect posture, impeccably dressed, every hair in place, always gracious, always professional, carried herself with such dignity and grace.  Those who watch C-SPAN across America will know her instantly because she was part of the Senate process, part of the Senate family. She sat just as straight, just as polished, even before the C-SPAN cameras. She did this because of the respect she had for the Senate and for her role, which was very important. She loved the Senate and everything it stood for. She considered it a privilege to work in the U.S. Capitol, as we all do, and especially on the Senate floor.  I didn't know until the other day that Mary actually began working for a Republican Congressman from Illinois, Roger Zion. She moved to Washington in 1960 with her husband Ed, who had taken a job with a congressman from Indiana. Her daughter Mary Elizabeth worked in the Republican cloakroom for several years while she was a law student. As for Mary's own political affiliation, I don't have any idea. She was a true professional. It is to her credit that she was in service to the Democratic side of the aisle but had equal respect for both sides of the aisle. She was beyond partisanship. She really was a part of the whole Senate family. She treated everyone with such respect and professionalism, so gracious to junior staffers and pages and Senators alike.  She performed so many countless acts of kindness in the 21 years she served here. People are now speaking out about those and I am glad they shared some of them. If a coworker needed a kind word, Mary was one of the first. Once a coworker had a financial difficulty. Mary found out about it and lent that person some money, then gently refused to accept full repayment. She was such a good and generous person. Mary will be missed.  I yield the floor.  