President, I thank the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, for bringing this issue to the floor. This is something we have talked about a lot in our private meetings: stem cell research. It is a matter of great frustration, frustration because we understand there are literally millions of Americans who are counting on us, the Senate, to assume our responsibility and take up a bill that was passed by the House of Representatives almost 1 year ago.  Senator Reid came to the Senate floor and for the last few moments told us of his own personal commitment to this issue, and I share it. He read letters from his constituents and talked about his life experience. He then presented a letter that we have sent to Senator Frist asking him to use his power to bring this issue to the floor.  This morning across America, people got up, started their day, many of them as healthy as can be but some suffering from illness and others with members of their families suffering from serious illness. Many of the people keep going because there is the hope, just the hope, that something might come along--a treatment, a medicine--something that might give them a chance to have a full life. That is what stem cell research is all about.  When President Bush decided to announce that it would be the policy of the United States of America to restrict scientific research involving stem cells, he ended up closing off opportunities for people to live without fear, without disease, without the shortcomings of the illnesses from which they suffer. It was a Government-mandated decision which would stop that medical research here in the United States. Across the country, some States have said: We are going to lead if the Government won't. The State of California, my State of Illinois, and others have stepped up and said: We will fund stem cell research because we believe it is so critically important. Sadly, this administration refuses. Now it will take congressional action. The House has done its job. It has passed this bill and sent it to the Senate. We have waited.  It has been 346 days since the House of Representatives passed this important stem cell legislation. In just short of 2 weeks, it will be 1 year--1 year--since they sent us this bill. Sadly, in that period of time, despite his promises, as Senator Reid has told us, Senator Frist will not call up the stem cell research bill.  I was so encouraged--and many others were as well--when Senator Frist came to the Chamber and said publiclythat he was going to support this bill. It gave hope to people, that finally we would have a bipartisan effort that would grow here in the Senate to the point where a majority would pass this legislation. But for reasons I can't explain, so many other things are of greater importance when it comes to the Senate agenda.  