 Mr. President, I will respond to some comments he made a few minutes ago. First, about the asbestos bill, I think the record speaks for itself. A 393-page bill came to the floor of the Senate. It was a fairly complicated bill, which would have affected hundreds of thousands, maybe millions, of Americans over the next 50 years, and created a $140 billion trust fund. It involved payments of billions of dollars into that trust fund by American businesses from a list that was never publicly disclosed. Then as the bill arrived on the floor, as we expected, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee filed a substitute to the bill, wiping away the 393-page bill, replacing it with a 392-page bill, and then we proceeded to debate.  One amendment was called by the Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn. Objection was made on the floor to Senator Cornyn's amendment, and a motion to table and stop debate on his amendment was passed. At that point, we went into a question about whether that bill would satisfy the requirements of the Budget Act. Then, without another amendment being offered, the majority leader announced the Republican side was going to file a cloture motion to close down debate and amendments on this bill.  To suggest that somehow we are inundating this body with amendments and debate is to overlook the obvious: One amendment was offered by a Republican Senator from Texas, and as we were waiting for the budget point of order, the majority leader suggested that we would close down debate on the bill, and that was the end of the story.  So this argument that somehow we are dragging our feet here and somehow miring down the process with amendments--the record speaks for itself. That was not the case on the asbestos bill. Last night, when the budget point of order was called, it was sustained. That means, in common terms, that the bill was returned to committee because it was not written properly.  It was not written in a way to comply with our Budget Act. So that is the state of affairs on the asbestos bill.  Now comes the PATRIOT Act. If there is any suggestion in the majority leader's remarks that anything that has happened on the floor of the Senate yesterday or today in any way endangers America, I think the record speaks for itself. That is not a fact. The current PATRIOT Act, as written, continues to protect America until March 10. We could continue debating right here on the floor of the Senate up until March 9 and even on March 10, and we would never have a gap in coverage of the PATRIOT Act as a law. So there is no endangerment of America, no lessening of our defense against terrorism by the possibility that the Senate might stop, reflect, consider, and even debate the PATRIOT Act.  I am sorry that my colleague, Senator Feingold of Wisconsin, is not here to speak for himself, but he has been an extraordinary leader on this issue. He has taken a position which I think is nothing short of politically bold, if not courageous, in standing up and saying, even in the midst of terrorism, we need to take the time and debate the core values and issues involved in the PATRIOT Act.  What has Senator Feingold asked for? He has asked for an opportunity to offer perhaps four amendments, four amendments, and he has gone on to say that he doesn't want days or long periods of time to debate them. He will agree to limited debate on each amendment. Nothing could be more reasonable. What he said is the Senate needs to face reality. This is an important bill. It involves our constitutional rights. And whether I would agree or disagree with any of Senator Feingold's amendments, I would fight, as long as I had the breath in my body and the strength to stand, that he have the right to express his point of view and bring this matter to a vote in the Senate. That is not unreasonable, nor is Senator Feingold unreasonable in his position. And for the suggestion to be made on the floor that somehow we have dragged this out for a lengthy period of time overlooks the obvious.  The offer was made for two votes tomorrow on Senator Feingold's amendment and then a cloture vote tomorrow on the bill and, if cloture were invoked, pass the bill tomorrow. That offer was rejected by the Republican majority. Why? Not because of fear of terrorism but fear of debate. Not because of fear of threats to America but fear of threats that some amendment may be adopted, somehow upsetting an apple cart. Well, that is unfortunate. But this Democratic process is an open process--at least I hope it is--and we should protect the rights of Members on both sides of the aisle to offer amendments with reasonable periods of debate. We should have actual debate on the floor and then make a decision.  One of my favorite friends and colleagues from the House was a fellow named Congressman Mike Synar of Oklahoma. He passed away about 10 years ago. I liked Mike so much. He was a close personal friend. He used to lament that so many of his colleagues in the House of Representatives were loathe to even engage in a debate on a controversial issue. He would listen to Members of the House of Representatives whining and crying about having to face a vote on a controversial issue, and Mike Synar used to say: If you don't want to fight a fire, don't be a fireman. If you don't want to vote on tough issues, don't be a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives.  Well, the Mike Synar rule applies here. If you don't want to face the reality of the debate on critical constitutional and legal issues, I don't know why one would run for the Senate.  What Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin has asked us to do is to consider amendments to the PATRIOT Act. What is wrong with that? That is as basic as it gets. That is why we are here. And whether I would vote for or against those amendments, I would defend his right to offer them, and I hope that the record will reflect what I have just said. He was ready to stand, offerthe amendments with limited debate, and then move this bill to a cloture vote tomorrow, which, if it were invoked, would see the passage of the bill as soon as tomorrow. That offer by Senator Feingold was rejected.  So to say that we are foot-dragging on this side of the aisle or that any Democratic Senator such as Senator Feingold is not trying to cooperate does not accurately state what we have been through to this moment on the PATRIOT Act.  I will close by saying that despite partisan differences, there is partisan cooperation in this Chamber, and I wish to say as I close these remarks that I want to salute Senator John Sununu on the Republican side of the aisle; he has worked night and day over the last several months to come up with what I consider to be a reasonable way to end the current debate on the PATRIOT Act.  We stood together, we worked together, we brought the issue to the floor. I don't think it is unreasonable to give Senator Feingold his moment to offer amendments with limited debate, bring them to a vote, put the Senate on the record, and move forward. To suggest otherwise does not reflect an accurate presentation of the facts as they occurred.  I yield the floor.  