President, after wars are completed, history stands in judgment of the leaders, not just whether there was a victory or defeat in the war but whether the war was conducted properly. Almost without fail, history has been a brutal, sometimes difficult judge of the conduct of war. Caught up in concern about protection and security, nations do things which don't stand the test of time and reflection. The man I think was our greatest President, Abraham Lincoln, in the course of the Civil War suspended the writ of habeas corpus. By suspending that writ, he held prisoners without charges and without due process for long periods of time. It was controversial. Later on, it was judged that perhaps President Lincoln had gone too far.  In the midst of the First World War, with our concern over espionage, Congress enacted the Sedition Act which unfortunately tarred and condemned innocent Americans, and later on we came to realize that. In World War II, the most notorious conduct by our own Government was against our fellow citizens of Japanese ancestry who were interred in camps, innocent people. I know some of them. I have grown up with some of them. I know they carry scars from that incarceration. Throughout our history, as we reflect, we find there are things we should not have done in the course of a war.  I have said on this floor several times that I believe eventually history will be a very strenuous judge of our conduct in this war on terror when it comes to the use of torture. For decades, the United States had established a clear standard that we would never engage in torture--cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment. Then after 9/11, in the shock and fear that followed, this administration ended up trying to rewrite the standards for interrogation and torture. It wasn't a proud chapter in our history. We now know the administration abandoned that effort after some time. We know as well that some of the people who were involved in it have been reluctant to even discuss what they were doing. But there was a good ending when last year Senator John McCain offered an amendment in the Senate to state unequivocally that the United States would not engage in the torture of prisoners, not engage in cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment of prisoners.  The reasons are obvious. Prisoners who are being tortured will say anything. It doesn't have to be true. Secondly, the standard we set in the treatment of our prisoners could one day be used against Americans who are taken as prisoners. So not only does it give you invalid information, it sets a standard that we never want our soldiers to be subjected to.  By a vote of 90 to 9, the Senate enacted John McCain's standard for torture, saying that we were not abandoning our longstanding commitment to it. I was happy to cosponsor that effort. There was a debate where Vice President Cheney came forward and said we need to make an exception for agents of intelligence agencies in our Government. Thank goodness, the Vice President's recommendation was rejected. The President signed it, and I hope he is living by it. Sadly, most of that is being done behind closed doors, and we won't know for a long time, if ever, whether it is being followed. I trust the word of the President when he says we are not engaging in torture. Now comes the next chapter.  If the President's words are an indication, Guantanamo Bay is likely to be closed. That is a good thing. Guantanamo Bay and the prisoners who are being held there have to be moved to a different situation. If they are in fact a danger to the United States or to any soldiers or any person we value, they should be charged and held or held as enemy combatants. But if they are being held for intelligence purposes, we should be honest. After 3 years, for goodness' sake, what value could they possibly bring to our intelligence?  Several hundred men are being held. Last week, there was the startling discovery that three had committed suicide. It is an indication to me that Guantanamo Bay should be closed, as the President has suggested. I hope it is sooner rather than later.  Then what will happen to the prisoners? The amendment I will offer says that if we are going to be involved in the rendition of these prisoners, the transfer of these prisoners to some other place, some other country, we need to make sure that country abides by the same standards of humane conduct to which the United States ascribes. We cannot be content in sending these prisoners to some other place where they will be subjected to torture if, in fact, we have expressed a value in the United States that we are opposed to torture. That is what the amendment will say, that we make that effort to ascertain and to review regularly those detention facilities to make sure they live by that same standard.  There has been a debate this week in Washington over the war in Iraq. It was also a week when the Department of Defense reported that we have lost 2,500 soldiers. White House spokesperson Tony Snow was asked to comment on this loss of 2,500. I am sure the statement he made doesn't reflect what he really feels in his heart when he said:  It's a number.  I am sure he feels as we all do that it is more than a number. It is more than an aggregate. It is 2,500 precious lives that have been lost by men and women in uniform willing to stand and serve and risk their lives for America.  I have attended some of the funerals. They are heartbreaking. Most of the soldiers are very young. I recall going down to southern Illinois where the funeral service was right outside the farmhouse where this young man grew up, down in Perry County. His mom and dad brought out for us to see, around the tent where the service was taking place, little souvenirs from his life--his fishing rods, his hunting rifle. We were just a few feet away from the tree house he and his dad built. I will never forget that scene as long as I live. It was a reminder that before he was in uniform, he was a son, he was a boy. Their heartbreaking experience will be with them for a long time. There are 2,499 other stories just likethat of grief which will be shared by families for years to come.  We are debating now what should we do in Iraq. The idea that we pull out our troops quickly, precipitously, is unacceptable. It would leave a situation which I am afraid would descend further into chaos and maybe create more instability and more problems to come.  But here is what worries me. When the President of the United States goes to Iraq and says to our enemies in Iraq that we are here to stay, that may be a strong message to our enemies of our resolve, but it is the wrong message to our allies and friends. The Iraqis have to understand we are not going to stay indefinitely. Think of what we have done in this country, not only giving 2,500 of our best and bravest lives, not only having 20,000 of our soldiers come home, half of them with serious permanent injuries, 2,000 of them with head injuries, not only spending $300 billion in behalf of this effort in Iraq, not only sacrificing at home where we can't afford to fund medical research, Amtrak, education, health care, and the programs which Americans value, not only all these things, but we have been successful; we have deposed their dictator, Saddam Hussein; we dug him out of a hole in the ground and put him on trial.  We have given the Iraqis more than ample opportunity to control their fate and future. We offered them free elections. We have given them a chance to form a government. We have given this country so much in the 3 years we have been there. Now we must say to them: The day has come when you must stand and defend your own country. If you value Iraq as a nation, be prepared to stand and fight and maybe even die on behalf of that nation. But if we say to the Iraqis that we are staying there indefinitely, it is the best deal on Earth because it is the best military on Earth that will be there for them serving as a babysitter and a referee in an ongoing civil war for an indeterminate amount of time.  How many more lives will America give to this conflict before the Iraqis stand and defend their own nation? And when the President and many in the Chamber here don't want to speak to any kind of withdrawal date, they are suggesting to the Iraqis we are there to stay. That is the wrong message. We need to tell them that we have fought and offered our best for their future and that they need to accept that responsibility from this point forward.  This week, I stood in silence at my desk on the floor of the Senate with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in reverence to the 2,500 lives that have been lost, saying a prayer for their memory and their families, thinking as well of the veterans who have come home, some broken in body and in spirit, who have done so much for this country. We owe it to them, we owe it to their families to reach a point where we can come home with our mission truly accomplished.  It is more than just a number. Mr. President, 2,500 of our soldiers have given their lives. When this came up initially, I voted against authorization for war. I believed at the time that the administration had misled us as to what was happening there, this threat of weapons of mass destruction and nuclear weapons and connections with 9/11. It turned out they were all false. None of it was true, and we went to war anyway. We were told as soon as we arrived that the Iraqi Army would turn on Saddam Hussein and join us in the fight, and that didn't happen. We were told the Iraqi people would greet us with open arms, and I know many are appreciative for what we have done, but it is still so unsafe in that country. The average soldier just going down the street in a military vehicle is risking his life every single day, more than 3 years after our invasion.  Having voted against that authorization for war, though, I have voted for every penny this President asked for. I lived through Vietnam. I remember what happened. An unpopular war was taken out on our soldiers, and that is not fair. Our soldiers did what we asked of them in the Vietnam war, as they are doing today. Politicians and elected officials can debate and differ on policy, but the bottom line is our soldiers are serving us and we should stand by them. I voted for every penny because of one basic standard: If it were my son or daughter in uniform, I would want them to have everything they needed to come home safely. That is the way I feel, and that is why I voted this week for the supplemental appropriation. But that won't stop me today and in the coming days from challenging this administration and challenging this Congress to make it clear that the Iraqis have to stand and fight and defend, and the American troops are coming home. It is only when that happens that we can truly say that our mission is accomplished.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  