How much better would our research be if this Government stood behind efforts to find cures instead of creating these obstacles?  When President Bush made his announcement--and I believe it was in August of 2001--about stem cell research, he did not take an absolute position saying he was opposed to stem cell research because it was immoral or for some other reason; he said he would allow stem cell research to continue along certain stem cell lines that currently exist. But in making that announcement, he restricted the opportunity to expand that research in our country. It was a Government decision to restrict the research into stem cells that could save lives and change lives dramatically. So I would say that what we face in the Senate is a moral imperative. Will we step forward now, 1 year after the House has passed this legislation? Will we put the bill on the floor and vote it up or down?  I can tell you, in the city of Chicago and in the State of Illinois, I have traveled around and met with many people who are counting on us.  I had a little gathering in Chicago at the Chicago Rehab Institute, one of the best in America, and we had people come in who were interested in this issue. We had folks from the American Diabetes Association who believe stem cell research may offer the opportunity for a cure for some forms of diabetes. As more and more people are stricken with this disease, as their lives are compromised and changed, can we deny them this opportunity?  Others came in suffering from Parkinson's. Parkinson's is a disease which I know a little bit about personally because of one of my closest friends in Congress, Lane Evans, the Congressman from Rock Island, IL. He and I came to the Congress in the same year of 1982. In 1996, I was out campaigning with Lane in a parade in Galesburg, IL. I didn't realize it at the time, but Lane felt that day that something was wrong with him. He wasn't sure what it was. He said he had lost the feeling in his hand. He didn't say anything that day, and it wasn't until several years later that the diagnosis was made that he suffers from Parkinson's. He has been a real profile in courage. He has stood up and represented the people of his district, and he has been very honest about his disease and how it has limited his life.  We were all saddened just a few weeks ago when Lane made the public announcement that he couldn't continue, that he would have to withdraw his name from the ballot this year. This young man--this young man--is going to have his life changed dramatically because of Parkinson's. Can we do anything less than push for medical research for those who may be suffering from Parkinson's or threatened by it? Does it make us a better or more moral people to withhold this research that can hold such promise for these people?  