SPECTER. No, but I will at the conclusion of my presentation.  We ought to focus for a few moments on the importance of judicial review on the fourth amendment issues of search and seizure.  With the limited time I have left, I have only a few references, but I begin with a famous case in 1761 where a Boston lawyer defended Boston merchants who had been searched by customs house officials. James Otis gave a stirring 5-hour speech, charging the customs officers ``break locks, bars, and everything in their way; and whether they break through malice or revenge, no man, no court may inquire.'' Very weighty words in 1761. Maybe if James Otis had seen this program, we could take his word on its constitutionality.  John Adams described this case as the spark of the American Revolution. He stated:       Then and there was the child Independence born.  Then in the Declaration of Independence in 1776, it is stated that one of the key reasons for the American Revolution involved the King allowing his officers to violate the rights of Americans and then protecting them ``by a mock trial, from punishment,'' for the injuries that they had committed.  And then we have the fourth amendment. We need to go back to the basics of this amendment, which prohibit unreasonable searches and seizures. That is the question in this matter.  In 1916, in the Weeks case, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that evidence obtained in violation of the fourth amendment could not be used in a criminal trial. In 1961, in Mapp v. Ohio, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that the due process clause of the 14th amendment prohibited States and State criminal prosecutions from using evidence obtained as a result of an unreasonable search and seizure.  We have had the Supreme Court of the United States intervene, even in time of war, to limit the President's authority. During the Korean war, President Truman cited ``the existence of a national emergency'' to ``be able to repel any and all threats against our national security.''  The Supreme Court of the United States, in Youngstown Sheet v. Sawyer, said the President did not have that authority. They said it exceeded his authority.  In the Hamdi case, 2004, 18 or 20 months ago, the Supreme Court stated:       We have long since made it clear that a state of war is not      a blank check for the President when it comes to the rights      of the Nation's citizens.  And the Court went on to say:       . . . whatever power the United States Constitution      envisions for the Executive in its exchanges with other      nations or with enemy organizations in times of conflict, it      most assuredly envisions a role for all three branches when      individual liberties were at stake.  We have a way through this maze. The way through the maze is for the Congress to give jurisdiction to the FISA Court. That is our job, to give jurisdiction to Federal courts. We have dealt with the issue as to whether there is a case or a controversy. There is one. Without going into details here, it is not an advisory opinion.  But this resolution calling for the condemnation and the censure of the President is out of line and out of bounds. In listening to the Senator from Wisconsin, I did not hear, at any time, him say the President has acted in bad faith. The President may be wrong, but he has not acted in bad faith. I think all would concede that the President was diligently doing the best job he can. And I agree with him. I think the President's best job is satisfactory, and that no one has ever accused him of bad faith.  In the absence of any showing of bad faith, who has standing to censure and condemn the President and then not stay in the Chamber to debate the issue? I do hope this matter is referred to the Judiciary Committee, and not to the Rules Committee. We have already had two hearings on matters relating to this subject. I especially want to see this resolution referred to the Judiciary Committee because if it is in the Judiciary Committee, I can debate Senator Feingold. If it goes to the Rules Committee, I cannot debate Senator Feingold. Now, isn't that a powerful jurisdictional argument for the Judiciary Committee?  