President, I seek recognition, then, in reference to the bill before the Senate.  In the 200-plus year history of the Senate, there have been few moments when Senators were called to reflect on an issue of this gravity. This issue of immigration goes to the heart and soul of this Nation in which we live. It is an issue which has called forth from each side of the aisle the very best in debate, the very best in consideration, to tackle one of the most complicated issues that has ever faced our Nation.  But it is not a new debate. It is not a new issue. Almost from its outset, America has grappled with this issue of immigration. We are a nation of immigrants. We are a diverse nation. Look around your own neighborhood, at your church, at the gallery, look around at your place of business, and you will see people from all over the world who at one time or another came to this great Nation to call it home. With the exception of those Native Americans who were here when Christopher Columbus arrived, we are all newcomers to America. We are all strangers to this land. God has blessed us with this great opportunity to live in this land of opportunity.  That immigrant spirit has meant so much to what we are today and why we are different in this world, the courage of individual immigrants to leave behind everything--their home, their church, their relatives, their language, their culture, their friends--and to strike out for America, to find that opportunity which meant so much to them.  I am a product of that immigrant spirit. My mother was an immigrant to this country. She came to the United States 95 years ago as a 2-year-old infant, brought by her mother with her brother and sister. They came from Lithuania and landed in Baltimore, MD. They found their way across the United States by train to St. Louis and then by wagon across the Mississippi River on the old Eades Bridge to go to East St. Louis, IL, to join with other Lithuanian immigrants, immigrants who worked in the packinghouses, in the steel mills, in some of the hardest jobs you could find.  Our family's story is a story that has been repeated millions of times over. I am sure my mother never would have dreamed in those early times when she was struggling with her family to make an immigrant home that her son would one day represent the great State of Illinois. But that is the story of America. And it is a story we should honor.  When I consider this debate and everything that has come to it--and I understand there are serious differences of opinion--I know this great Nation cannot absorb every person who wants to come and live here. We are trying to find a reasonable way to deal with that yearning and spirit which drives so many people to our borders. I think we have a good bill. It is not perfect by any means, but it is a good bill, with enforcement at the borders, enforcement in the workplace, and a fair process for people to earn their way, over a long period of time, facing many obstacles, to legal status in America.  We would never have had that bill before the Senate were it not for the bipartisan leadership in the Senate. I especially commend Senator Ted Kennedy on our side of the aisle. What a warhorse. Whenever there is a battle in the Senate, you will find Ted Kennedy in the midst of it, bringing his special spirit, his special determination, as he has to this bill. His great ally in this cause has been Senator John McCain of Arizona of the opposite political faith but joining with him in this effort to come up with a good bill. And so many others whom I could go through the list and name, including Senator Specter, who led this effort in the Senate; Senator Leahy--without his help, we never would have brought this bill out of the Senate Judiciary Committee; the four Republicans, Senators who stood up in the Senate Judiciary Committee and said they would join the Democrats, did make this a bipartisan effort. When I look at those people and what they brought to this debate, I see the best of the Senate.  It is rare--rare--that we come together, as we will see this afternoon, to face one of the most complicated and controversial issues in America and to do it in a bipartisan fashion, knowing full well that many people think our efforts are futile, that it will fall on deaf ears when we go over to conference with the House of Representatives.  I do not have that negative feeling. I really believe our friends in the House of Representatives can also rise to the occasion and can understand this special moment in history that should not be lost.  Within the pages of this bill is a special provision I have worked on for years, first with Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, and then with Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska. It is known as the DREAM Act. The DREAM Act is a provision which says if you were a child who came to the United States at least 5 years ago, and you graduate from high school and you are prepared to do one of two things--serve in the U.S. military or go on to work toward a college degree--we will give you a chance, a chance to become an American citizen over a long period.  We call it the DREAM Act because that is what it is. I have seen these young men and women in the city of Chicago and across the United States. They did not select the United States as a home. They were brought here by their parents. Many of them--most of them--are undocumented, but they still believe in their hearts they are Americans and can make this a better nation. The DREAM Act, which is included in this bill, will give them that chance.  When I go to visit Cristo Rey High School in the city of Chicago and see these wonderful young men and women who are defying the odds by completing their high school education, who want to go to college, who want to be our doctors and engineers and scientists and businesspeople and lawyers and elected officials, I think to myself: America cannot afford to waste this great talent and this great resource.  This bill gives them a chance. This bill gives them hope. This bill allows them to have dreams that will be fulfilled.  This is a great moment in the Senate. I look forward to this vote and the passage of this legislation. We will once again validate the American dream that, yes, we are a Nation of immigrants, and, yes, we are an accepting and welcoming Nation that understands the people who come to our shores and bring us diversity bring us strength, as Abraham Lincoln once said, to replenish the stream. These are the people who will build America's tomorrow. And these are the ones we serve with this legislation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  