THUNE. Not at the moment. Thank you, though.  What I would simply say is, the bill offered by the Senator from Illinois and by his colleagues on the other side is, again, legislation that comes at a high cost to the taxpayers: $73 billion over a 10-year period.  So it is important, when we have this debate, that the people in this country who are following the debate have a clear understanding of what the differences are between the approaches that are being offered--the Enzi bill, the bill that is under consideration today, the small business health plans bill, and the bill offered by our colleagues on the other side--the differences in terms of their approach, one being a Government approach, one being a market-based approach, one actually being scored by the Congressional Budget Office as achieving savings for the Federal taxpayer, and one that clearly adds to the costs of the taxpayer by about $73 billion over a 10-year period.  This has been dubbed Health Week because we are debating health care legislation. Small business health plans is one component of that. We also tried, Monday, to get a vote on legislation that would allow for reforms in our medical malpractice system that would, hopefully, again, drive down the cost of covering people in this country. The high cost of medical malpractice insurance is driving OB/GYNs and other specialists and providers out of the profession, driving up the cost of health care in this country.  In fact, the Department of Health and Human Services, a couple years ago, did a study that suggested the cost of defensive medicine and the cost of the medical malpractice system we have in the country today is actually costing the taxpayers, under Medicaid, an additional $22.5 billion a year.  It is important we address these issues. I believe the American people want us to act. More importantly, they want us at least to vote. That is all I am simply saying. For those on the other side who have consistently resisted the enactment of these two pieces of legislation, that is fine. I understand that is part of this process, that we have a very open and free-flowing debate. That is part of the Senate. That is part of our democratic process we have here.  But when all is said and done, let's bring this to a vote so the people of this country, who expect action out of the Senate, at least know where their elected folks stand when it comes to the issue of small business and whether we are going to provide health care for the employees of small businesses across this country and whether we are going to do anything to address what I think is a very important economic issue to a majority of Americans; that is, this ever-rising, increasing cost of health care.  These two pieces of legislation--small business health care plans, S. 1955, offered by Senator Enzi, the chairman of the HELP Committee--and it is a bipartisan bill; it also has Democratic support, although not enough to stop a filibuster--and the medical malpractice reform legislation, which, again, there were two pieces of medical malpractice reform legislation voted on Monday--we were not able to get enough votes to stop a filibuster to invoke cloture--but, there again, I believe both pieces of legislation have majority support in the Senate and, clearly, have majority support in the House of Representatives.  They have already passed there repeatedly. Small businesses health plans have passed eight times in the House of Representatives. Medical malpractice reform has passed five times in the House of Representatives. That legislation has come to the floor of the Senate and has been blocked from receiving an up-and-down vote.  I think it is in the best interest of people across this country who are expecting Congress to act on the issue of health care and the high cost of health care. They want us to come up with solutions that respect and are in the best interest of the American taxpayer. I believe these two pieces of legislation accomplish that objective.  So I hope before this Health Week is over--and even if we have to push this into next week--we at least get a vote on the floor of the Senate that will enable us to take final action on a couple of pieces of legislation that have been lingering around here for way too long and deserve action by the Senate.  With that, Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  