GREGG. No, I won't yield. I think I have heard a significant amount from the other side of the aisle that has been irrelevant, inaccurate, and incorrect. And yielding at this time would limit my time.  The third item in this is the ability of the Congress to reduce the deficit asa percentage of gross national product. We know that if we don't get the deficit down, our children are going to get all these debts. So what we put in a place as a mechanism that says essentially the deficit, as a percentage of gross national product, shall be reduced as a percentage of gross national product every year until we get to a balanced budget, essentially a balanced budget by the year 2012, and if we don't hit those deficit targets--and they are fairly reasonable because actually the next 2-year targets we have already hit or we will hit under present projections, so this doesn't even kick in, and it doesn't look like it is going to kick in because it looks like we will get to a balanced budget--should we not continue on that path, then what will happen is there will be a reconciliation instruction because we know that 60 percent of all spending around here goes to mandatory accounts. We will say to the mandatory account committees: Reconcile your accounts so that they can be brought into line with these projections for the deficit to head to zero.  What does that mean? That means that there will be policy changes which will allow savings to occur. I presume those policy changes, to the extent they affect entitlement programs such as Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, will tie into the Entitlement Commission report. Should those two mechanisms which force policy to be addressed not be accomplished, then you go to a sequester on entitlement mandatory spending, something that has never happened around here. And I don't expect it would ever happen because one presumes responsible people would want to make the policy changes to get to the targets rather than allow it to happen automatically.  So where is the irresponsibility here? Well, the irresponsibility is on the other side of the aisle, which has buried its head in the sand of obstructionism because it wants to take power around here. It feels that if it doesn't do anything, if nothing is done around here, then outrage will occur and people will vote them into power. How cynical is that approach to governance?  I have said I am willing to adjust this. In fact, on the Commission, the Senator from North Dakota suggested that we change the makeup and make it all Members of Congress versus outside individuals. I am amenable to that. If he wants to bring that amendment forward, fine. The Senator from North Dakota at the markup said: It doesn't consider tax increases. Actually, the Commission can consider tax increases. But I said: Let's take it to the floor and discuss the issue of pay-go or tax-go, as I would call it, which is the only proposal from the other side of the aisle, to raise taxes. But no, the response is: This is going to savage Social Security. This is going to undermine Social Security. This is going to privatize Social Security--all the words the pollsters have told them to use to try to get reelected.  I will tell you what is going to savage Social Security. It is going to be my generation retiring and demanding the benefits that they have been paying for all of our working life and having our children have to pay for those benefits. Our children are going to get up in arms and say: We would like to buy a house. We would like to send our kids to college. We would like to have the good life you had, and we can't afford it because you put this huge tax burden on us. Because you, during your term of office, were unwilling to be responsible and address these issues.  We have tried to be responsible. We have tried to bring forward a package which should be debated and which should be effectively moved forward in order to try to reverse the direction which we are inevitably going toward, which means if we stay on this course, we will eliminate the capacity of our children to look forward to the Government. So we brought forward this package which we call stop overspending. It may not have all the elements it needs. It clearly needs some tweaking here and there. I don't limit that. But it should not be attacked in the way that it has been attacked through the demagoguery of Social Security's bloody shirt being waved at it.  That is not responsible. That is not governance. That is simply obstructionism for the sake of political gain.  At this point, I yield the floor.  