President, I rise to join my colleagues who came to the floor earlier today to mark a historic milestone. It isn't just a milestone for one man, it is a milestone for our Senate and our Nation.  Today our colleague, Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia, who just left the Chamber, becomes the longest serving Senator in the history of the United States of America. Today marks Senator Byrd's 17,327th day in office; that is 47 years, 5 months, 1 week, and 2 days spent in service in the Senate on behalf of his beloved people of the State of West Virginia.  Many of us know Senator Byrd's impressive official biography. He has held more leadership positions in the Senate than any other Senator in our history, including 6 years as Senate majority leader, 6 years as minority leader, twice Senator Byrd has served as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, and twice he has been elected by his colleagues as President pro tempore, a position that places him third in line to the Presidency of the United States.  In many ways, Senator Byrd's life is the story of the 20th century of America. He started from the most humble origins and has risen to the greatest heights, and he has done this not on the backs of others but by the sweat of his brow and the power of his massive intellect.  To me, one of the most impressive facts about Senator Byrd is that he studied for his law degree while he was serving as a Member of Congress. He would make law by day and study it at night. True to form, Senator Byrd not only earned his doctorate of jurisprudence from American University in 1963, it was awarded cum laude.  Senator Byrd may also be one of the last great orators in the U.S. Senate, and whether the topic is the war in Iraq or the Peloponnesian War, the basic ingredients of a great speech are always present in Senator Byrd's address: clear, substantive thinking and the rhetorical skills to effectively express it.  For Senator Byrd, noble purposes are foremost as his motive and objective. He doesn't take the easy road, and he doesn't pander. When President Bill Clinton signed the line-item veto into law in 1996, it was immediately challenged in court by a group of six Senators, the first of whom, of course, was Senator Robert C. Byrd. Senator Byrd, though loyal to his party and loyal to his President, was loyal first to his view of the Constitution. He believed the law was unconstitutional and concentrated too much power in the executive branch of Government. Ultimately, the Supreme Court agreed with Senator Byrd and disagreed with the Congress and the President who enacted the law.  Almost 10 years later, Senator Byrd took to the floor of the Senate, speaking out and facing the wrath of popular sentiment in opposing the invasion of Iraq. At the time, it wasn't easy for him to vote no, nor was it a comfortable decision to defend at home, but Senator Byrd didn't shrink from the challenge--he never has--and he did something which has become quite rare in American politics: He stood up and led. He said that of all the thousands of votes he has cast--more than 17,000 to be exact--that vote opposing the war in Iraq is the one in which he takes the greatest pride.  I might add just parenthetically, I share that sentiment. In this case, too, I believe ultimately history will prove all of us right who voted no on the use of force in Iraq.  Senator Byrd has an unquenchable willingness to serve, a willingness to lead and carry the burdens and responsibilities of leadership. Above all else,he has done these things while continuing to be a truly honorable man. When all is said and done, the most important words that will be spoken about Robert C. Byrd will not be that he was a great speaker or great statesman or great U.S. Senator--he is certainly all of that--the true measure of this man will not be found in recounting the number of days he has served in this body; rather, it will be found in his strength of character and in his integrity.  That character and integrity are evidenced in so many ways: his love of his beloved late wife Erma. He was such a devoted husband and partner. Even as she suffered serious illness in the last years and months of her life, he never left her side. To his children and grandchildren, he remains a loving father, a caring grandfather, and a wise teacher. To his friends, he is a man whose word can always be counted on. To his country, he is a leader who found power only in the commitment to service. And to his State, he is a shining example of the very best that is in all of us.  I am honored to be counted as one of those who call Robert C. Byrd a friend, and I know this about my friend: Today he marks a milestone that no other Senator in the history of the United States has marked, but his success will be measured in terms of his faithfulness to the people who placed him here and the trust of the people of West Virginia. They have never been betrayed by this great man.  Although he has risen to the highest levels of power, he has never forgotten where he comes from, who sent him, and what his mission is.  If my colleagues will allow me two personal observations about Senator Byrd and to tell two stories that I think really are symbols of his view of the world and the great power of his intellect. One of the first involved a debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate about the National Endowment for the Arts. It occurred a few years ago. A Senator on the other side of the aisle offered an amendment to eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts with the argument that there were art displays or exhibits that were being funded with Federal dollars that were embarrassing. This Senator went on to argue that it really made no sense for us to subsidize the arts in America because they were out of the reach of the common man and we should allow the patrons of the arts, those private benefactors, to take care and not our Government.  I came to the floor to argue against that position, telling the story of how my immigrant mother used to take me in the car across the bridge to the art museum in St. Louis, this woman with an eighth grade education, to show me works of art and talk about artists she knew very little about but wanted to learn more about. As I was telling my story, I saw Senator Byrd come on to the floor, and I assumed he was coming to talk about some other issue, but he asked for recognition. He stood here at his desk, as he has so many times, and completely enthralled this Chamber as he told the story of his simple life in West Virginia where he was orphaned and raised by other members of the family and how one fine day, his new stepfather took him out and bought him a fiddle. With that fiddle, he started taking music lessons and developed a passion for music. He talked about what music and the arts meant to him growing up as a poor boy in a small town in West Virginia. It was a classic Robert C. Byrd moment, taking a chapter in his life from many years ago and bringing it to application today.  The second experience I recall is one that I have told over and over to friends in Illinois. If I hadn't been there to see it, I would not have believed it. It goes back to the days when I was a Member of the House of Representatives on the Appropriations Committee. Senator Byrd, a leader in the Senate, had a Transportation appropriations bill that passed the Senate that had several noteworthy projects for his State of West Virginia. A Republican Senator across the Rotunda took exception to these earmarks for the State of West Virginia and vowed that when he came to conference between the Senate and the House, he would take out these projects for the State of West Virginia. They were excessive, in his view. He was interviewed by several news media, including The Washington Post.  The day of the great confrontation took place just a couple floors--one floor below us in the appropriations conference room. It is a long room with a huge table. The Senate conferees sit on one side of the table. Senator Mark Hatfield was then chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, of which Senator Byrd was a member, and I sat on the other side of the table with House Appropriations Committee members, waiting for this classic, historic confrontation between Senator Robert C. Byrd and his critic from the House of Representatives. It was interesting because as we all sat down, there was one chair that was left empty. Directly across the table from his House critic was the empty chair Senator Byrd would occupy. The moment came when finally the House member was recognized, and he stood up and with a lengthy speech took exception to the fact that Senator Byrd was putting these projects in for the State of West Virginia. When he finished and had exhausted himself--no one interrupted him--and sat down, Senator Byrd asked for recognition in this appropriations conference room.  I am going to get a few of these facts wrong because I didn't write them down. Senator Byrd would never get them wrong. But I trust that at the end of the story, you will understand what happened that day.  Senator Byrd reflected for a moment, as he often does, looking to the ceiling, and then he spoke. He said: In 1830, Daniel Webster wrote his famous letter to Mr. Hayne. And then he paused, and Senator Byrd said: If my memory serves me, it was January that he wrote the letter. January the 28th, Senator Byrd said. And if I am not mistaken, he said, it was a Thursday. And he went on to explain how Webster wrote the letter to Hayne explaining the basics of our Constitution, explaining that in the House of Representatives, a State as small as West Virginia doesn't stand a chance with a limited population and very little political power to get things done; the State of West Virginia has to rely on the Senate, where every State has two Senators. And if he, Robert C. Byrd, didn't stand up for his small State of West Virginia in the Senate, who would? What chance would a small State have?  It was the classic argument that really was the foundation for the creation of Congress. Senator Byrd that day won the argument, won his case before the conference committee.  I thought at the time, years before I was elected to the Senate, I wish I had a videotape of that moment. That was one of those great moments which I have seen here in the Congress. So when I came to the Senate a few years later, I went up to Senator Byrd and I said to him: I will never forget that day when you had the debate in the appropriations conference committee about the projects for West Virginia and how you not only recalled the exchange between Daniel Webster and Mr. Hayne and the historical and constitutional significance, you not only recalled the year and the day, but you recalled the day of the week it occurred. I said: When you said, ``I believe it was a Thursday,'' I was just absolutely amazed. Senator Byrd reflected for a moment, and he said: Well, I believe it was a Thursday. I said: I am not questioning you; no, I am not questioning you; I am just telling you that I thought that detail brought more to that debate than anyone could imagine.  So as luck would have it, 2 hours later, we had a vote on the floor here, and Senator Byrd at this desk called me over. I came over to his desk, and he said: Senator Durbin, I was almost certain it was a Thursday, and I asked my staff to pull out a perpetual calendar, and if you will look here, January 28, 1820, was, in fact, a Thursday. I said: I never doubted you for a moment.  I have heard him stand on the floor reciting poetry at length. I have heard him recount the debates of this Senate and the history of this Nation in the type of detail that puts all the rest of us to shame. He is truly not just an institution of West Virginia, not just an institution of the Senate; he is a national treasure. He brings to debate in this Chamber--what little debate we have anymore--a certain gravity, a certain importance that reminds uswhy we are here, that we have been fortunate enough to be called by the people who vote in our States to be one of the few men and women to serve in this great Chamber, and in serving, we not only represent them, we represent a long line of history, of great men and women who have had this opportunity to serve in the U.S. Senate.  Today, of course, is recognition of his special place in the history of our Nation and in the history of the Senate: 17,327 days in office--47 years, 5 months, 1 week, and 2 days--not only witnessing the parade of history but being such a major part of it.  Senator Byrd, I salute you and your service to the people of West Virginia and this Nation.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  