President, just 2 days ago I came to the floor and introduced a bipartisan resolution, the resolution cosponsored by myself, Senator Mark Dayton, Senator Norm Coleman, Senator Tom Harkin, and others. What did the resolution say? It said that we would recognize that we are about to observe the fourth anniversary of the death of our former colleague, Paul Wellstone, who died in an airplane crash during his campaign for reelection to the U.S. Senate for Minnesota.  It speaks of his service to Minnesota, the fact that he was a loving father and husband, that he dedicated his life to public service and to education, and that he worked tirelessly to advance mental health parity for all citizens of the United States.  This, of course, goes on to explain, in the course of this resolution, that Paul Wellstone died before he could pass the most important bill on this subject, the mental health parity bill. So I resolved that:       [O]n the fourth anniversary of his passing, Senator Paul      Wellstone should be remembered for his compassion and      leadership on social issues throughout his career;       Congress should act to help citizens of the United States      who live with a mental illness by enacting legislation to      provide for equal coverage of mental health benefits with      respect to health insurance coverage unless comparable limits      are imposed on medical or surgical benefits. . . .  That language in this resolution is directly from the Domenici-Wellstone bill on mental health parity. I go on to say:       [M]ental health parity legislation should be a priority for      consideration in the 110th Congress.  The next Congress.  Mr. President, I never dreamed that anyone in this Senate would object to this resolution, this resolution acknowledging the death of our former colleague and asking that the great cause he dedicated most of his public life to continue, and that we pass this bipartisan bill which has been pending on the floor.  That was the reason I brought this to the floor. I thought it would pass without controversy. I was shocked to learn that someone has put a hold on this resolution. I cannot understand that.  I would now ask the clerk if it is necessary--I would like to make sure that this resolution has been filed.  