President, let me join in thanking all Members who have been engaged in the debate. Although it did not result in the passage of a bill, I hope we did make progress.  First, let me congratulate again Senator Enzi for showing the courage to bring this matter to the floor. Very few Senators have done that. He did not succeed at this moment, but I believe his determination and the respect we all have for him will lead to a victory at another day, and I hope to be part of it. He showed himself to be genuine, committed to this issue. The small businesses who have entrusted him with this assignment couldn't have picked a better Senator. I would say the same for my colleague from Nebraska, Mr. Nelson. His knowledge extends back to his tenure as insurance commissioner as well as Governor. He certainly understands this issue better than most. I thank both of them for the personal commitment they made to this issue.  I also thank my colleague Senator Blanche Lincoln. She and I worked together on this bill, and I couldn't have had a better partner. Blanche is down to earth. She understands these complicated issues and explains them the way the average person can understand them.  This is a matter I have been thinking about for a long time. I didn't come up with this notion in just the last few weeks. In fact, it has been months now since I invited Senator Enzi and many others to come to my office and listen as we explained what our concept was in hopes that we might work toward common ground. We weren't able to do that this time, but I hope we will the next time. I genuinely hope that those who want to engage in this important debate will have a similar starting point to our bill.  The first and obvious question that anyone should ask is: Senator, why do you propose health insurance for the rest of America that you wouldn't buy yourself? The health insurance we have as Members of Congress is the same health insurance Federal employees have, 8 million of them nationwide. My dream was to take that kind of group of 8 million diverse people who work for small businesses and create the same mechanism, the same pool so they could enjoy the same protection, the same benefits I have and my family has and the Members of the Senate have. If this health insurance is good enough for a Member of Congress, it is good enough for any American family. It should be our starting point.  Senator Enzi raised an important question. Why did so many health groups oppose his legislation? Some of them stridently opposed it. He mentioned two, the American Cancer Society, the American Diabetes Association. The reason they felt so strongly was that the legislation proposed on the other side eliminated the protections being offered by States for important cancer screening, for mental health care. Some 42 States cover mental illness, and the Enzi bill would have eliminated that coverage. When it comes to diabetes, it is true that at some point he could have offered diabetes coverage, but they are concerned that if this is a moving target, it could change tomorrow. That is why we have to get back to where we are as Senators, Congressmen, and Federal employees. We know what we are going to have. We know our protection. We can buy it. Shouldn't every American have that confidence and that peace of mind?  That is the starting point. The starting point is not reducing the protections and guarantees in coverage to such a low level that it leaves families exposed to medical ruin if the bills go too high. We should strike a balance which says that these preventive procedures, these screening procedures, this basic health insurance is what every American should have. It is much like a minimum wage. What we are talking about is the minimum guarantees of health insurance across America.  I know there are some things that are too expensive for us ever to cover in every health insurance plan, and we wouldn't suggest those. But if we have coverage for 8 million Federal employees with basic protection, why wouldn't we offer that to every American family? That should be our starting point. Then let's figure how we can work together with small business and with the health community to strike the right balance so the bill we produce will be one of which we will be proud.  Again, I thank Senator Enzi. I didn't believe we would ever have this debate on the Senate floor. I had almost given up hope. But because of his dogged determination, his skill and dedication, he brought us together for this week. It is not the end of the debate. I believe it is the beginning. I hope it ends with passage of a bill for small businesses across America and will bring us closer to the goal of universal health insurance coverage for every single American. I think we can achieve that goal if we work together in a bipartisan fashion.  I yield the floor.  