President, the Inhofe language in this amendmentcontains two basic parts. In the first part, we can talk about changing a word or two, but we all basically agree on it. We basically agree that to be successful in America, you must speak English. I imagine there are people on the margins of our society who survive without a command of English, but that is where they will remain. It is rare that a person in America reaches a level of success without a mastery of English. As I go about the State of Illinois and the city of Chicago, where so many people speak many different languages, it is well understood that learning English is the first step toward becoming an American and becoming successful in America. We don't argue about that.  There are different ways to characterize English as our language. I like the characterization of my colleague, Senator Salazar, who characterizes English as ``our common and unifying language.'' It is that; it is our common and unifying language. Senator Inhofe uses the words ``our national language.'' But when you get down to it, there is no argument here about the basic premise. We agree on the basic premise. It is not as if it is just in America. We know that the language of aviation around the world is English. We know that the common universal language in most places on the Internet is English. That is a fact. So when it comes to the first part of Senator Inhofe's amendment and that first part of Senator Salazar's amendment, there is no dispute. If the debate ended there, we would have voted a long time ago. But that is not where the debate ends. Senator Inhofe added several sentences beyond that, which now take us into a legal thicket.  He argues that these are technical issues. They are not technical issues. They are issues about a person's basic rights in America. They are issues that really emanate from landmark legislation, such as the Civil Rights Act of 1964. This is not a technicality; it is the Civil Rights Act of 1964. People literally fought and bled and died for the passage of civil rights legislation. Before we casually cast aside some part of the protection of that law, we should think about it long and hard.  I look at the language Senator Inhofe brings to the floor and, on its face, it appears to be easy to accept:       Unless otherwise authorized or provided by law, no person      has a right, entitlement, or claim to have the Government of      the United States or any of its officials or representatives      act, communicate, perform, or provide services or provide      materials in any language other than English.  You would think if it is not authorized by law, that means the Government cannot communicate or provide materials in any language other than English. How could that possibly come up? Well, let's take one illustration. I happened to be on the floor the day that Senator Inhofe of Oklahoma came to the floor in the midst of a debate on a judicial nominee, Miguel Estrada. The date was November 12, 2003. Senator Inhofe came to the floor and gave his remarks to the Senate in Spanish. I was impressed. He is proficient in Spanish, and I respect his skills in that language, which I do not share. I didn't understand what he said, but I respected him for being confident enough to come to the floor and express himself in the Spanish language. And then what happened was that the Congressional Record, which is printed every day from our proceedings, included Senator Inhofe's speech in Spanish and his translation in English. They are both part of the Record.  But wait. Had Senator Inhofe's amendment been in effect then--the one he wants us to vote for today--it would have been illegal for our government to print the Congressional Record with Senator Inhofe's speech in Spanish. There is no statute which creates the right of any Member to come to the floor and speak in any language. Oh, it happens. Nobody objects to it. They do their best to print those speeches, but there is no law authorizing it. So, if Senator Inhofe's amendment had passed at that time, the speech which he delivered on the floor in Spanish, would not have been allowed to be printed and published by the Government in the Congressional Record. Is that what we want to achieve? Is that our goal?  Let me give you another practical example. Near this U.S. Capitol is the famous Potomac River. The Washington Post ran a story 6 months ago. It said that drowning deaths on the Potomac River were down dramatically. Last year, for the first time in 15 years, no one drowned in the Potomac in the Washington area. Park Rangers believe they know why: their new signs that warn swimmers and fishermen about the river's strong current and undertow. The new signs are printed in English and in Spanish, the native languages of many new immigrants who use the river to relax with their families or to fish. The Park Service posted the bilingual signs after they noticed that many recent drowning victims were also recent immigrants. So, is making this political statement in the Inhofe amendment so important that we wouldn't want to provide safety for those who are using the Potomac River? It was considered to be a sensible, rational thing to do: print the sign in both languages so people will be warned of the danger.  You have heard the arguments here about the potential of avian flu. Wouldn't we want any dangers relative to avian flu or some other epidemic to be shared in enough languages so that we all would be protected? Yet what Senator Inhofe has done is to create an obstacle for those who are trying to achieve public safety and public health.  Why do we need to do this? Why do we need to change the laws of America? I don't think we do. I think instead we have an option which is much better.  