President, you have heard the debate for 2 days now. On one side of the aisle, those supporting this amendment have summarized their feelings in three words: Respect the flag. On the other side of the debate are those who say: Respect the Constitution. They understand that what we are being asked to do is historic. Senator Byrd has reminded us. This would be the first time in the history of the United States of America that we would amend the Bill of Rights.  It is a historic moment. And it takes some audacity and bravado for any sitting Member of the U.S. Senate to believe they have a better idea than James Madison, Thomas Jefferson, and our Founding Fathers had over 200 years ago. It takes a special circumstance for us to even consider changing that beloved first amendment, which has guided us for more than two centuries.  The incidents of flag burning are rare. They are disgusting. But there are ways we can deal with this without defiling this Constitution.  Senator Hatch's amendment says do not desecrate the flag. I believe we should not desecrate the Constitution. There is a way. The pending amendment points to the way: a Federal criminal statute carefully drawn to meet the Supreme Court test that would really deal with preserving and protecting the flag as we know it, as an important symbol of America, without invading our Bill of Rights. And the second part of my amendment which I am offering is one that you know about because you hear about it all the time.  There is this demented group--I will not even give the full name of this church from Topeka, KS, because I do not want to give them any publicity. But this demented group is appearing now at military funerals, the funerals of veterans and soldiers, demonstrating. Here they are issuing a press release that says: ``Thank God for IEDs (Improvised Explosive Devices),'' announcing they are coming to my home State of Illinois to picket the funeral of Army SPC Brian Romines, who was 20 years old, at the Anna Heights Baptist Church in Anna, IL. It is disgusting: this family, racked with grief,trying to get through the most difficult day of their lives, having to walk through the lines of demonstrators this demented person would bring to the funeral.  Well, the Senator from Idaho has said on the floor that I have gone too far with my amendment, I have gone too far in limiting these demonstrations at military funerals. I think he is wrong. These demonstrations are wrong not just in national cemeteries, they are wrong in all cemeteries. They are wrong at all churches. They are wrong at all funerals. And the Senate will have a chance, with my amendment, to vote and say that we will limit this kind of disgusting activity that disrespects the men and women who have fought and died for America.  That is the amendment before us, an amendment to protect our flag and to protect the memory of those who have fought and died for our country. I am proud to offer this bipartisan amendment. It is an amendment which, at the end of the day, we can point to with pride because we have done something important.  But I urge my colleagues, think long and hard about being the first to amend the Bill of Rights in the history of the United States of America. We have given our oath to uphold and defend that Constitution. Today we will be put to the test. Will we uphold and defend that Constitution from a change that is totally unnecessary?  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  