President. I thank my colleague from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for his statement.  Those who are following this debate--my colleagues and those in the audience--should know this is a historic moment in the Senate. It is rare that Members of the Senate are given an opportunity to review a Justice to the Supreme Court. It has been 11 years. Recently, we have had two. Chief Justice John Roberts came before the Senate, and today we consider the nomination of Judge Sam Alito to fill the vacancy of Sandra Day O'Connor on the Supreme Court.  I take this very seriously. As Senator Kennedy said yesterday in another meeting: Next to a vote on war, there is nothing more serious than this decision. The man or woman whom we choose to serve on the Supreme Courtis there for the rest of their natural life. For 10, 20, or 30 years, that person will be making critical decisions on the highest Court in the land, the Court which is the refuge for our freedoms and our liberties.  That Court, across the street from this Capitol Building, has made momentous and historic decisions which have literally changed America. In the 1950s, nine members of the Supreme Court made the decision that we would no longer have segregated public education in America. It was not the leadership of a President or the Congress, but it was the Court.  Similarly, that same Court, in the 1960s, established a new right under our Constitution, a word which you cannot find within the confines of that document, the right of privacy. That Court--nine Justices across the street--said that when it came to the most personal and basic decisions in our lives, they were reserved to us as individuals, not to the Government. That was not a finding by a President. It was not a law passed by Congress. It was a decision of the Supreme Court.  And time and again, whether we are speaking of the rights of minorities in America, women in America, those who are disabled, that Court and the nine Justices who sit on the bench make decisions which change America for generations to come. That is why the selection of a nominee to the Supreme Court is so important and so historic. It is made even more so by the fact that the vacancy we are filling on the Supreme Court is not another run-of-the-mill vacancy, it is the vacancy of Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman ever appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.  As important as her gender is, the fact is, she brought unique leadership to the Court. You see, over the last 10 years, there have been 193 decisions in that Court that were decided 5 to 4. One Justice's vote made the difference. If one Justice had voted the other way, the decision would have been the opposite--193 times in 10 years. And in 148 of 193 cases, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor was the deciding vote.  So we are not only faced with a historic and constitutional challenge in filling this vacancy, we have a special responsibility because the vacancy that is being filled is a vacancy that will tip the scales of justice in America one way or the other way.  What kind of cases did Sandra Day O'Connor provide the decisive vote on? Cases which safeguarded Americans' right to privacy in the area of reproductive freedom, the rights of women; cases that required courtrooms to be accessible to people with disabilities, decided 5 to 4; preserving the rights of universities to use affirmative action programs, decided 5 to 4; affirming the right of State legislatures to protect the voting rights of minorities in America, decided 5 to 4; upholding State laws giving individuals the right to a second doctor's opinion if their HMO denied them treatment, decided 5 to 4; reaffirming the Federal Government's authority to protect the environment that we live in, a 5-to-4 case; and reaffirming America's time-honored principle of the separation of church and State, 5 to 4.  In every single case, the fifth vote was Sandra Day O'Connor. And now she leaves, after many years of service to America, with an extraordinary record of public service. Many of us are listening, watching, and reading to make certain the person replacing her can rise to the challenge, and not only the challenge of serving in the Court but the challenge of fighting for the same values she fought for. Sandra Day O'Connor came to the Supreme Court with the support of Barry Goldwater, the preeminent conservative in American politics in the 1960s and beyond. Many expected her to be of the same stripe, that she would follow his basic philosophy. In many ways, she did because if you measure Barry Goldwater's contribution to American politics, you will find him starting in a very conservative position and, over the years, moving to a more libertarian position, a position that valued personal freedom more.  The same thing happened to Sandra Day O'Connor. Starting as a conservative, over the years she moved toward a more libertarian position, a position which, in many instances, was critical for protecting our basic rights.  It has been said she was the most important woman in America. And it is easy to see why. Time and again, Sandra Day O'Connor was the crucial fifth vote on civil rights, human rights, women's rights, and workers' rights. That is why we have looked so closely and so carefully at Judge Sam Alito.  And there is more. His was not the first name to be suggested by the President for this vacancy. The first name was the President's personal attorney in the White House, Harriet Miers, a person he obviously respects very much. Do you recall what happened to her nomination? Her name was brought forward, and there was a firestorm of criticism about Harriet Miers' nomination. Did it come from the Democrats? Did it come from liberals? No. It came from the other side. Time and again, the most rightwing on the American political scene said Harriet Miers was not acceptable, and they raised questions about whether she could be trusted to be on the Supreme Court to advance their rightwing agenda.  Their opposition to her nomination grew to a level and reached a point people did not think would happen. President Bush withdrew Harriet Miers' name as a nominee. In the wake of withdrawing Harriet Miers' name, in sailed Judge Sam Alito--not the best circumstance for someone who is coming to this position arguing they have no political agenda.  Well, we looked carefully to see what the same rightwing organizations would say about Sam Alito. They had rejected Harriet Miers. They gave Harriet Miers the back of a hand. They gave Sam Alito their blessing. They said: He is fine. We support him. He is the right person for the job.  Now, does that raise a question in your mind as to whether Judge Alito will come to this position without an agenda, without professing some allegiance to extreme views these organizations hold? Will it raise the question in the minds of many of us?  And then, during the course of his nomination, there emerged a document, a document he had personally written. In 1985, Sam Alito wrote a document to the Justice Department of the Reagan administration, then headed by Attorney General Ed Meese, looking for a job. In the course of that document he was supposed to lay out why he, Sam Alito, was in step with the Reagan administration's thinking and philosophy. And, in 1985, that memo was explicit. It went through page after page of the things he felt qualified him to serve in that administration.  Some have said: Wait a minute, that was 20 years ago. People change. And it is true. I have changed my positions on some issues. It is well known and documented. It happens. But to say it was a document given without conviction overlooks the obvious. Sam Alito, at that moment in 1985, was 10 years out of Yale Law School. He had served in the military. He served a year as a clerk to a Federal judge. He had served 4 years as an assistant U.S. attorney, prosecuting cases, and 4 years as an assistant to the Solicitor General of the United States.  So rather than suggesting that document reflected the casual observations of someone looking for a job at a very early age, I think that document told us much more.  What it told us was that he questioned some very fundamental things about law in America. In his essay, he wrote that ``the Constitution does not protect a right to an abortion.'' He said he was proud of his work in the Justice Department, fighting abortion rights and affirmative action. He wrote that he was skeptical of Warren court decisions which embraced the principle of ``one person, one vote'' and the separation of church and state. And he pointed with pride to his membership in two very conservative organizations: The Federalist Society and the Concerned Alumni of Princeton.  His listing of the Concerned Alumni of Princeton, of which he was a graduate, was troubling because that organization was once dedicated to establishing a quota at Princeton that each year they would accept no fewer than 800 men, and the Concerned Alumni of Princeton wanted to stop what they considered to be the infiltration of the Princeton student body by women and minorities. Some of the things they wrote and said were outrageous. In fairness, Judge Alito at the hearingsaid he would not associate himself with their remarks, but it is interesting that he would identify this organization as one of his memberships that would qualify him to serve in the Justice Department.  As an examination of Judge Alito's 15-year track record on the U.S. Court of Appeals evidences, there are other elements that suggest a very conservative judge. University of Chicago law professor Cass Sunstein examined his dissenting opinions over 15 years and concluded:       When they touch on issues that split people along political      lines, Alito's dissents show a remarkable pattern: They are      almost uniformly conservative.  People say to me: If he was found ``well qualified'' by the American Bar Association, what is wrong with that? Why don't you just go ahead and approve the man? The bar association is an important part of this process, but they only look to three main things. They look to whether he has legal skills. That is important. They look to whether he is an honest person. That is equally important. And they look to his temperament. They said he is well qualified by those three standards. But the American Bar Association doesn't look to his values. It doesn't look to his philosophy, how he is likely to rule in critical cases for America.  I wanted to ask Judge Alito at the hearing: Where is your heart? What do you feel about the power you will have as a Supreme Court Justice? I asked him an obvious question in the lead-up to my inquiry: I asked if he was a fan of Bruce Springsteen. You might wonder why that would come up in this case. Judge Alito is from New Jersey, as is Bruce Springsteen. He said to me in his answer:       I am--to some degree.  That is a qualified answer, but I took it and went on. The reason I raised it was this: Many people have asked Bruce Springsteen, Where do you come up with the stories in your songs? How do you talk about all these people who are struggling in America? He answered:       I have a familiarity with the crushing hand of fate.  The reason I asked that question was to go to some specific cases Judge Alito had decided and ask him about the crushing hand of fate. Senator Kennedy just mentioned one of them.  An African American, charged with murder, facing the possibility of the death penalty, argues on appeal that his verdict was unfair because the prosecutor went out of his way to exclude every African American from the jury so that it was an all-White jury judging a Black man. He presented his evidence that in three other murder trials, one involving an African American, the other two White defendants, the prosecutor had done the same thing--kept the Blacks off the jury systematically. The Third Circuit Court on which Judge Alito served said that defendant was right; that is not something we accept in America; we are going to send this case back to be retried by a jury of this defendant's peers. They saw the importance of a justice system that is blind to race.  But not Judge Alito. He said establishing the fact that four murder trials came before the same prosecutor with all White juries is like establishing that five out of six of the last Presidents were left handed. I thought that was a rather casual dismissal of an important case and an important principle. When I asked Judge Alito about it, he seemed more committed to the principles of statistics than the principles of racial justice which the majority in his court applied.  Another case involved an individual who was the subject of harassment in the workplace. This person had been assaulted by fellow employees. He was a mentally retarded individual. He was so brutally assaulted in a physical manner that I did not read into the record of the hearing, nor will I today, the details. Trust me, they are gruesome and grisly. His case was dismissed by a trial court, and it came before Judge Alito to decide whether to give him a chance to take his case to a jury. Judge Alito said no, the man should not have a day in court. Why? Not because he didn't have a case to argue, but Judge Alito believed that his attorney had written a poorly prepared legal document before his court. Was there justice in that decision? Did the crushing hand of fate come down on an individual who was looking for a day in court who happened to have an attorney without the appropriate skills?  When it came to health and safety questions involving coal mines, a topic we see in the news every day, Judge Alito was the sole dissenter in a case as to whether a coal mining operation would be subject to Federal mine and safety inspection. He argued in the committee hearing that he just read the law a little differently.  What we find in all these cases is a consistent pattern. Time and again, it is the poor person, the dispossessed person, the one who is powerless who has finally made it to his court, who is shown the door. That troubles me. It troubles me because what we are looking for in a Justice is wisdom.  If you are a student of the Bible--and I am not--you know this: The person who embodies the virtue of wisdom was a man named Solomon. In the Bible, the Lord came to Solomon and said: I will give you a gift. What gift would you have? And Solomon said: I want a caring heart. He didn't ask for riches or knowledge; he asked for a caring heart. This wise man wanted that as part of who he was.  That is what I looked for with Judge Alito. Sadly, in case after case, I couldn't find it. I worry that if Judge Alito goes to the Highest Court in the land for a lifetime appointment, he will tip the balance of the scales of justice. He will tip the balance against protecting our basic privacy and personal freedoms. He will tip the balance in favor of Presidential power, even when it violates the law. He will tip the balance when it comes to recognizing the rights of the powerful over the powerless. He will tip the balance on workers' rights and civil rights and human rights and women's rights and protecting the environment. That is why I cannot support his nomination.  I call on the President to send to us a conservative like Sandra Day O'Connor. She was a woman who demonstrated, in a lifetime of service, that she understands the values of this country and committed her life to protecting them. I am sorry that Judge Sam Alito does not live up to her standard.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Murkowski). The Senator from Texas.  