They are included in the bill. It is our understanding there are some places where fencing can be effective to stop illegal immigration into America. But what we have here has become a symbol for the rightwing in American politics: the symbol of a fence, a fence between America and Mexico.  If you have been a student of politics for a few minutes or a few days, you will know where this is going to end. This proposal by Senator Sessions would construct a fence of about 370 miles in length. The House Republicans want to build a fence that is 2,000 miles long. So what will likely happen, should this amendment pass the Senate and go to conference, is we will split the difference, and we will end up with a fence that is over 1,000 miles long on America's southern border. And perhaps, as Senator Kennedy has suggested, it will be the downpayment for a fence that would stretch for 2,000 miles.  They have come down from their original request of a 700- or 800-mile fence. That was going to be the first thing asked for, when somebody suggested that would be a fence the distance of which could stretch from the Washington Monument to the Sears Tower in Chicago. That is the distance we are talking about--700 or 800 miles--but that could be the ultimate result here.  The obvious question we have to ask ourselves--I think two questions--No. 1, will it work? If you build a fence like this, will it work? Will it hold people back or will it become our ``Maginot Line''? The Maginot Line was the line of defense built by France after World War I to stop the Germans should they ever want to attack again. And the French invested a great sum of money and all of their national security in the idea they could build a line that the Germans could never cross. They waited, knowing they were secure, until World War II began and the German panzers just crushed the Maginot Line and came roaring over it, destroying all of their feelings that they were safe forever.  I feel the same way about this fence. What fence is it that we will build that cannot be tunneled under, that you cannot go over or around? Is this really going to be an effective deterrent?  What we have suggested in the bill, which is completely full of ideas on enforcement, is to use technology. It may not be this high fence they want to build is the best thing for us. The technology we have available might be much better. We can have a virtual fence which achieves much more than a fence, which would cost us millions of dollars and be easily overcome. So in the first instance, I am concerned where this will end, how long this fence will be, and whether, in the end, we will be safer in building it.  The second thing is the image it creates of a country, that our relationship with Mexico would come down to a barrier between our two countries. I believe we should have a more positive outlook toward where we are going to be. Working with the Mexican Government, working with them toward the goal of stopping illegal immigration, is far better than the confrontation of a fence or a wall. I think it could bring us to a day when we will have our borders under control, with all we invest in this bill, with what we do by way of enforcement at the border and in the workplace, and with what we do with those who are currently here in the United States. It is a coordinated and comprehensive approach. It isn't just a matter of building a fence. It isn't a matter of enforcement alone. It is enforcement as a starting point.  My concern about this fence, which is likely to end up being over 1,000 miles long, is that it will not protect America. It will not stop the illegal flow of immigration. It would create an image of America which I am not sure we would be proud of in years to come. I will oppose this amendment.  I yield the floor.  