Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague and my friend, the dear gentlewoman from Texas, for yielding me this time. I want to thank my friend and colleague, the gentleman from Alabama, (Mr. Davis), for bringing this resolution before us.  Mr. Speaker, 41 years ago last month, domestic terrorists bombed the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama, claiming four innocent lives and changing the course of American history. On that Sunday morning, four beautiful young girls, Addie Mae Collins, Denise McNair, Carole Robertson, and Cynthia Wesley went to church and never came home. Four young lives, so full of promise, cut short by hatred.  Church is usually a safe haven, but it was anything but safe when segregationists who opposed the integration of Birmingham schools, lunch counters, and restaurants targeted the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church on Sunday, September 15, 1963.  As long as I can remember, I will never ever forget that Sunday. It was one of the most painful and one of the darkest hours of the Civil Rights movement. Within 3 hours of the bombing, I made my way to Birmingham. I stood in front of the church and witnessed the devastation, the pain and the hurt. I kept asking myself: What is it, what is it in human beings, what is it in our makeup that would make us so mean, so hateful, and so vicious toward our fellow human beings? What is it, what is it in us that would drive human beings to plant a bomb in a church on Sunday morning knowing that others will be killed?  I recall attending the funerals later that week. There was so much pain, so much sorrow, so much sadness, so much hurt. As horrible and tragic as their deaths were, those four young girls did not die in vain. Their blood has liberated not just the Nation, but a people. Their murders did not stop integration, as the terrorists had plannedit. Instead, their deaths shed new light on the struggle for civil rights and spurred support for the movement.  While we in the Civil Rights movement were profoundly saddened by the loss of four precious flowers from God, we did not despair. Rather, our resolve to continue to fight was solidified. In the words of my friend, my brother, my colleague, and mentor, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., their deaths called us to ``work passionately and relentlessly for the realization of the American Dream.''  In their honor, we persevered. And in their honor, we celebrated the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.  So, Mr. Speaker, I think it is fitting that, today, we honor the memory of these four young lives and recognize the importance of this tragedy in the cause of civil rights for all Americans. Like all my colleagues who have spoken before, I ask each of you to join in supporting this long overdue recognition by passing this resolution.  