Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) for yielding me this time. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Deal) for speaking on behalf of this legislation and being here tonight.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a fellow Georgian, a man whom I am proud to call a friend, former President Jimmy Carter. It is fitting that we honor President Carter on the occasion of his 80th birthday, which was celebrated just a few days ago.  President Carter has spent the better part of his life in public service, serving honorably as an officer of the United States Navy, as a Georgia State senator, as Governor of Georgia, and as the 39th President of the United States.  During his Presidency, he was a steadfast champion on human rights. Jimmy Carter established human rights as a tenet of American foreign policy and pressed nations to uphold basic standards. In the foreign policy arena, he successfully negotiated both the SALT II and Panama Canal treaties. However, his greatest achievement was the Camp David Accord. President Carter was instrumental in brokering the long-sought-after peace agreement between Israel and Egypt.  I have known Jimmy Carter for more than 40 years. He is a truly dedicated, committed human being. Considered the most successful ex-President of our time, President Carter has used his position not to earn a lot of money but to do good. He has used his position to continue his commitment to peace by going around the world doing good, monitoring elections, and fighting for health care and eradication of diseases that afflict humankind the world over.  In addition, he has been influential in mediating international crises around the world, including those in North Korea, Somalia, and Haiti.  A true man of peace, Jimmy Carter serves as a living international symbol of what is right, of what is good and what is compassionate. In 2002, President Carter's effort to promote peace earned him recognition by the Norwegian Nobel Committee, which awarded him the Nobel Peace Prize.  Now, Mr. Speaker, it is our turn to recognize his tireless efforts to improve the human condition and to bring peace to a world in need of peace.  So tonight I ask all of my colleagues to join us in extending the birthday wishes of the House to former President Jimmy Carter.  