Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak against this rule. We can do better. We can do much better as a Nation and as a people.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart, but my conscience is clear. I am so sick and tired of seeing so many of our young men and our young women die in Iraq. I am deeply troubled by the acts that some of our soldiers committed against the prisoners of war in Iraq.  Mr. Speaker, I say to my colleagues today, we must take a good and hard look at the leadership of this Nation, the leadership of this government, the leader of this government, the person who was in charge. I say to my colleagues today, we must hold the leadership, the President, the Secretary of Defense, the Vice President, hold them accountable for mistake after mistake we have committed in this war, and we must hold them accountable for the unjust torture of prisoners of war.  Mr. Speaker, it is not a question of who committed these unbelievable acts. It is not a question of who, but what. What led to this flagrant disregard for the humanity of our fellow human beings? Those at the highest level of this government, the President, the Vice President, the Secretary of Defense, they all have created the climate and the environment that led to these abuses. What happened to those prisoners is a reflection on our soul, on our values.  American citizens smiling as they humiliate citizens of Iraq! There must be a sense of righteous indignation in America about what happened in those prison cells, and there must be a sense of righteous indignation in this Congress against these unspeakable acts. Does it profit a great Nation to gain a whole world or win a war and lose a soul?  Mr. Speaker, I have said it in the past and I say it again today. War is messy. It is bloody. It tends not to just hide the truth, but to sacrifice the truth. Why did it take so long, so long for us to get this information? Why did not Mr. Rumsfeld, why did not the President inform the Congress? Why did officials at the highest levels of government try to hide these criminal acts against humanity? Why did they try to cover it up?  Mr. Speaker, we have made mistakes, yes, but it is not enough to issue an apology. It is not enough to say we are sorry--and we should apologize. We should say we are sorry.  The handwriting is on the wall, Mr. Speaker. It is time for us to close this very dark and sordid chapter of our history. It is time for the Secretary of Defense to go. He must leave.  