Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 676, recognizing the 40th anniversary of the congressional passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. I want to thank my good friend of many years, a colleague in the student nonviolent coordinating committee during the early 1960s, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), for bringing forth this resolution.  In addition, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank her for all of her hard work for many years for civil rights and social justice, and for having the courage during and after law school at Yale University to come south and work in Mississippi during one of the most difficult periods in the history of our country and in the history of our struggle for civil rights. And for helping to organize the march on Washington 41 years ago, I thank her, thank her for keeping the faith, thank her for keeping her eyes on the prize.  Mr. Speaker, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 just did not happen. It just did not happen. It took many years, many months of struggle on the part of a disciplined and organized movement that created a climate, created an environment for action on the part of the President of the United States and the Members of the Congress.  One must understand that in the American south during the 1950s and 1960s, there were signs that said, ``white men, colored men; white women, colored women; white waiting, colored waiting.'' Segregation and discrimination were the order of the day. As a child growing up in the American south, and as a participant in the civil rights movement, I saw those signs. There were separate water fountains in department stores, in public buildings. A sign in front of the fountain marked ``white'' and a spigot marked ``colored'' for people to get water to drink.  Black people could not go into a store, buy a pair of shoes. And sometimes they were not even allowed to try on those shoes. They would go into a store and they were not even allowed to try on a suit, and women were not allowed to try on a dress. They were welcome to go into a drugstore to get a prescription filled, but they were not allowed to sit down at the lunch counter and have a soda or something to eat. They had to take it out on the streets and stand up to drink or eat. There were separate waiting rooms in bus stations and train stations. People could not stay in the same hotel. People could not ride in the same taxi cabs.  When I look back on it, Mr. Speaker, the drama of the movement, the sit-ins, the freedom rides, the stand-ins at the theaters, the marches, all were the action of an ordinary people using the philosophy and the discipline of nonviolence. People had been beaten, people had been arrested and jailed, some had been shot and even killed. Medgar Evers was shot and killed in May of 1963 at his home in Jackson, Mississippi. Police Commissioner Bull Connor in Birmingham, Alabama, used fire hoses and dogs on nonviolent protestors. Four little girls were killed while attending Sunday school on Sunday morning September 15, 1963, when their church was bombed. Because of what happened in Birmingham, Alabama, and other parts of the American south, there was a sense of righteous indignation.  All across America, by the hundreds and thousands, people started demanding that the Federal Government act. People sent letters, telegrams, and petitions to Members of Congress and to the White House. And President Kennedy responded on June 11 in a nationally televised address to the Nation and he urged the Congress to pass a Civil Rights Act.  The Congress debated the proposed Act for many days, long nights, and it was finally passed on July 2, 1964. Forty years ago, President Lyndon Johnson signed into law that Act. I think it is fitting and appropriate, Mr. Speaker, for us to pause and celebrate the distance we have come and the progress we have made. Because of the actions of hundreds of our citizens, and because of the response of the United States Congress, President John F. Kennedy, and President Lyndon Johnson we have witnessed what I like to call a nonviolent revolution in America, a revolution of values, a revolution of ideas.  Today, because of the actions of 1964, we are a better Nation, we are a better people, better in the process of laying down the burdens of race. The signs that I saw back then, the young people today will never see. The only place they will see those signs will be in a museum, in a book, or a video. Those signs are gone, and they will never, ever return to America.  