Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in disbelief that we are even considering such an irresponsible bill today. Instead of taking responsible steps to make permanent a tax cut to help working families with children, this bill balloons our Federal debt and gives thousands of dollars in extra tax breaks to the very wealthiest Americans.  On the other hand, those who need help the most, low- to moderate-income working families with children, receive little benefit under this bill. And those at the very bottom get nothing. That is right, they get nothing.  A family with one parent who works full time at minimum wage earns about $10,300 a year. That struggling family will get no benefit under this unfair bill. A better off, but still low-income, family with two children earning $12,000 will get a one-time $300 tax break. This is only $25 per child or $50 more than they would already receive under current law.  Contrast that with a two-child family earning between $150,000 and $250,000. That family will get $20,000 in extra tax breaks over the next 10 years, $20,000.  This largess comes at a high price indeed. This bill comes with a price tag of $228 billion over 10 years. In fact, when we combine the cost of this bill with the cost of the three other tax bills we have passed over the last month, we are looking at $569 billion worth of tax cuts. That is over half a trillion dollars added to our already incredible debt of $7.2 trillion.  Yes, my colleagues heard me right, $569 billion on top of $7.2 trillion.  This bill is outrageous. It is a sham. It is a shame and a disgrace. What weare doing today, yet again, is offering huge tax breaks for those who need them least by greatly increasing the debt tax that will burden all of our children and grandchildren for many years to come.  Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to tell me how that is fair. The fact is they cannot, and no one can because this bill is not only unfair; it is downright reckless.  Mr. Speaker, it is long past the time for us to exercise fiscal restraint, but it is never, ever too late to take that first step.  The Democrats, the people on my side of the aisle, we have a better version, a more responsible bill, a more equitable bill, a bill that truly helps those who need it most.  I urge my colleagues to take the first step. Vote against this bill and vote for the Rangel substitute. Our children and our grandchildren deserve better.  