Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to thank Mr. DeFazio and Mr. Petri, and especially Mr. Oberstar, the ranking member. This is a good team. We wrote a good bill, but the bill was quite large, and there were some errors in printing and errors in judgment in the sense that somebody had misinterpreted what we wrote, and this bill is truly a technical corrections bill.  The reasons it take a little time. As the gentleman from Minnesota mentioned, is because this is a two-body form of government, and there was some difference of opinion in the other body on what I will not mention, and it has taken us a long time to try to arrive at this technical corrections bill that gets done what we tried to do and intended to do and will do now in SAFETEA-LU.  I would like at this time, again it has already been said, but to thank the staff, minority and majority, Graham Hill, Ward, and Jim Tymon, and everybody that has worked on this legislation, along with the other body.  We now are at a point in the last days of this session that we will be able to get this bill done so we can go forth and implement what we did in SAFETEA-LU and that is getting transportation built within this country as it should.  The gentleman from Minnesota also mentioned about the foundation, and I have to say this because I know we are on this TV or C-SPAN and I will say that right now the institution of knowledge about previous law is crucially important for the next step in building infrastructure in this country. Much of SAFETEA-LU was based upon what was done in the previous transportation act and the next one, 4 years from now, will be based upon SAFETEA-LU, and that is crucially important to understand where we were before we can go forward from where we should be.  So for Members that say, well, this is an important institution, it is not important. If you want transportation to be built adequately and justifiably, then you go back through history and go forward on the blocks of building which we established in this legislation.  I just want that it is a good technical correction bill. It will be done, I believe, tonight; and the other body hasagreed to accept this, even though I cannot speak for them, but in doing so we will get the roads built, the bridges built and all the other programs the gentleman from Minnesota and the gentleman from Oregon and the gentleman from Wisconsin mentioned and that are in this SAFETEA-LU.  So I congratulate those that worked so hard and took the time. I congratulate you for taking the effort, and I do think we ought to step forward and strongly support the passage of this legislation.  