Mr. Chairman, first let me thank Mr. Nussle and Mr. Spratt, especially in the realm of transportation.  Mr. Chairman, I want to take this opportunity to thank Budget Committee Chairman Nussle and ranking member Spratt for their assistance during last year's Surface Transportation Reauthorization.  The budget title of the Safe, Accountable, Flexible and Effective Transportation Equity Act, a Legacy for Users (SAFETEA LU) contains the vitally important funding Firewalls for the Federal Highway, Transit, and Highway Safety Programs for fiscal years 2005 through 2009.  My committee is grateful for the Budget Committee's recognition of these important guarantees and their codification in the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act.  I understand that the budget resolution incorporates certain assumptions for Function 400 Transportation Activities.  First, all mandatory funding is assumed to meet the Congressional Budget Office's baseline.  This is good news for the portions of our Highway, Highway Safety, Transit, and Aviation programs that are funded out of the Highway Trust Fund or the Aviation Trust Fund--it means that the authorized levels are assumed under the budget resolution.  However, discretionary budget authority is assumed for these programs at the administration's fiscal year 2007 budget request levels. This is not very good news for transportation programs.  The President's budget request for surface transportation programs is almost completely consistent with the funding levels in SAFETEA LU, with only one major exception.  The 2007 funding level for the Federal Transit Administration is $100 million lower than what was authorized in due to the Administration's failure to fully fund the ``Small Starts'' program. If the fiscal year 2007 appropriations bill fails to restore this $100 million shortfall, that bill will be subject to the house rule XXI point of order against a bill or conference report that would cause obligation limitations to be below the guaranteed level set forth in section 8303 of SAFETEA LU.  Unfortunately, the administration's budget request does not make a similar commitment to meeting our Nation's aviation infrastructure investment needs.  Under the President's budget, aviation capital programs would receive $5.25 billion, which is $1.6 billion, or 23 percent, less than the level guaranteed by the Vision 100--Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act. This reduction is extremely shortsighted, and will only serve to accelerate the impending crisis of congestion and delays in our Nation's aviation system.  Unless we make the necessary investments in our airport and air traffic control infrastructure, delays will increase significantly as air travel continues to increase.  To ensure that our aviation system remains safe, reliable, efficient, and able to accommodate the increased number of passengers anticipated in the near future, the transportation and infrastructure committee recommended in its fiscal year 2007 views and estimates that Aviation Capital Programs be funded at least at the $6.81 billion level guaranteed by Vision 100.  The administration's budget request cuts funding for Amtrak from $1.3 billion in 2006 to $900 million in 2007.  Over the years, proposed cuts in Amtrak funding have been repeatedly rejected by Congress.  If the budget resolution assumes just $900 million for Amtrak, but Amtrak funds are subsequently restored during the appropriations process, other important programs will have to be cut in order to make up the difference.  If the budget resolution assumes the President's budget request levels for the portions of these three programs that are funded with discretionary budget authority from the general fund, it could have a very negative effect on all the agencies and programs that are funded under the Transportation, Treasury, HUD, The Judiciary, District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations bill.  I am gravely concerned that the underlying assumptions in this legislation could force a painful choice among programs that are vitally important to the continuing economic well-being of our country.  I sincerely hope that, when the appropriations committee makes funding allocations among its 11 subcommittees, the discretionary budget authority allocation to the Transportation-Treasury subcommittee reflects the full authorized levels for these transportation programs.  This is not only for the sake of the Federal Highway, Aviation, Transit and Rail programs, but also to reduce the painful funding constraint on other domestic discretionary programs that receive funding under that subcommittee's annual appropriations bill.  