Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remaining time.  Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment to thank the many friends and colleagues that I have in this body that have made the last 6 years the most successful and enjoyable of my years in Congress, in 34 years.  While I am looking forward to many more years here in Congress, you are not going to get rid of me that soon, and I will continue to lead the charge for those issues near and dear to my heart. I take great pride in the work of the great Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure over the last 6 years.  We faced some extraordinary challenges in the committee. During this period of time was September 11, 2001. With the support, and I am sorry he has left, the support and cooperation of the ranking member, Congressman Jim Oberstar, we worked together, and within 2 weeks of this disaster for the aviation industry we enacted legislation to ensure the continued viability of this key transportation sector. Without the work of this committee, our aviation system would have collapsed.  We also created the Transportation Security Administration and worked to set up the Department of Homeland Security. While I do not support everything that has happened in DHS, I believe that the efforts of our committee have ensured a safer and more secure America.  We enacted the first major port security bill. We have improved pipeline safety, and tonight we will do it again. We enacted a multiple year aviation bill, reauthorized critical Coast Guard programs, restored the effectiveness of FEMA and overcame enormous obstacles to fund the building and maintenance of our highway infrastructure.  I did not accomplish this all alone, and I want to thank my many friends and supporters in Alaska who sent me to work on their behalf.  Again, I want to thank Jim Oberstar, and for those that may not know it, we never had a vote in the committee in an adversarial position. We always worked it out, worked together, and I want to thank all the other 73 Members of the committee for their cooperation and support. We have the best reputation of the committees for bipartisanship, and I am proud of that. I hope we can continue to work that way.  I have a great staff that has worked long and hard to draft legislation and negotiate on behalf of the committee: Mrs. Megginson, Graham Hill, who is up in the audience who actually wrote this gas bill, Jim Tymon who worked on this bill and all the other bills and all the other staff members I have.  I know the many sacrifices that the staff have made to get the job done, and I want them to know that I am grateful for their efforts and very proud of them and for America.  I also want to thank my many friends here in Washington who have taken the time to keep me informed and support our efforts to enact good transportation policy.  I finally want to thank my wife, Lu, TEA-LU, a bill that was named after her, for her close friendship, constant patience, support and encouragement. She is my inspiration for a legacy of the future of this Nation.  I look forward to the next 2 years working with this House in the House of Representatives to achieve great things in the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I may not be the ranking member but I will be on the committee. I will be there, and we can provide for this Nation.  