Mr. Speaker, this debate is not about politics. This debate is about America. It is about Iraq because Iraq is one of the many battlefields on which we fight the global war on terror. Afghanistan is another battlefield on which we fight the war on terror. But there are many battlefields on the war on terror, and we don't want any of them to be here in the United States of America.  Mr. Speaker, as I said, this is a lot about America, not only America today, America past, but America in the future. The world still remembers, and many Americans still remember December 7 of 1941 when American territory was attacked by an enemy. An America that was built out of the wilderness and was built by settlers, that was built by industrialists, that was built by just plain ordinary people, brick by brick, block by block, business by business, school by school, hospital by hospital, an America that many Americans paid a great price to create, to achieve. And that America has come under attack in many ways.  As I said, December 7, 1941, some of us remember that day and where we were. Others will never forget September the 11th of 2001, where we were, what we were doing and what it did to this great country of ours.  The global war on terror must be won. It is real. The threat is real. If you don't believe the threat is real, look at the old news reels of the Twin Towers in New York City or the field in Pennsylvania where Flight 93 crashed into Mr. Murtha's district to avoid that aircraft from attacking this United States Capitol.  And just a few minutes ago I came from the Pentagon where a celebration of the dedication of the Pentagon Memorial was unveiled where 184 Americans lost their lives in that vicious attack on the Pentagon.  Mr. Speaker, this war has to be won. All over the world there are cemeteries where Americans lie in rest, Americans who lost their lives in different parts of the world to keep America what it is, to keep America what was created at so many sacrifices. And many of us have had the opportunity to visit those cemeteries and to pay our respects to those fighting warriors who went ahead and did what was necessary to do to preserve this great America.  There are American heroes in Iraq today and American heroes in Afghanistan today. And as Mr. Murtha said earlier, he and I have spent a lot of time visiting with a number of those wounded heroes at our military hospitals. But they will tell you, and they will be the first ones to tell you, we have got to win this war. And the attitudes of these young men and women are outstanding because they will tell you that what they want is to be healed from their injuries and to get back to the fight because they believe in their country. They love their country, and they believe that it is important that we stop the threat to this great Nation of ours from those terrorists, the terrorists who attacked us on September 11 in New York, in Pennsylvania, at the Pentagon, those terrorists who attacked the USS Cole, killing many of our sailors and wounding many more, those terrorists who blew up the Khobar Towers, which was a home for American airmen in Saudi Arabia, those terrorists who blew up the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. These young troopers, these warriors understand the threat. America understands the threat. And ladies and gentlemen, it is important that we stand up to that threat and that the America that we know is the America that our kids will know and that our grandkids will know in the years to come.  