Mr. Chairman, it is no surprise, of course, that I am adamantly opposed to this sneaky amendment offered by two people that don't know what they are talking about, have never known what they are talking about, deal not with what they are talking about, and will never know what they are talking about.  The Alaskan rainforest, as you gentlemen recognize, is as big as Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island combined, including New Jersey.  I am sure you will be happy to know that we have 19 designated sites of wilderness in that area, a national monument that takes up 35 percent of the forest. Seventy-eight percent of the Tongass is slated for roadless areas already. All I am saying is what this is attempting to do is put the last remaining small group of Alaskans out of work.  Ironically, the two gentlemen that are offering this amendment are crying about outsourcing: My God, we are losing jobs. They are going overseas. But here we are in Congress taking away the jobs of my Alaskan constituents. That is the thing that probably disturbs me the most about this, is we had a forest of 21 million acres, 21 million acres. And we were told in this body in 1980 that we will only lock up all of it but 2 million acres and you will have those acres to actually retain a timber industry and have your people work. And now we are down to 1,000 acres, and you want to take that away.  And you say we don't need the roads. That is not what the Forest Service says. They say we need these roads if we are going to harvest the timber. They will put up the sales. Who is going to bid it, if they can't get the timber?  That is true. Anybody that debates that, you better understand it, because what is happening here is you are trying to put the last remaining, the last remaining few Alaskans that are trying to make a very meager living, 300 people, 300 jobs, take it away from them for the environmentalists. It has nothing to do with taxes.  By the way, I hope you understand, my good friends that are offering this amendment, I was precluded from offering an amendment to the amendment today because of the unanimous consent; but if this amendment is adopted, I will offer the same amendment to the forests in Ohio, which loses money every year, a large sum; to New Jersey, if you have national forests; and to the areas in New Hampshire. Every area, every person that votes for this amendment, there will be an amendment next year on this bill to do the exact same thing. Because if we are going to be true to ourselves, if you are talking about fiscal responsibility, then you will step up to the plate and take your forests and make sure they are under the same category.  Unless you are saying, All right, it is just Alaska. He is way away. It is just his district. On a personal note, none of you in this body has ever seen me address anybody's one district, because I believe in the representative form of government. Representative form of government. If it is your district and it is what you want and in your district. I will support that. If you don't want it, I will support that.  But to have two Members of this House, and, yes, it is bipartisan, and I shall not forget that, to come and attack a single Member and his total district, to take away the jobs of his people, I say is wrong. And each one of you think about this in this room: this should be representative form of government, and what you are doing is dead wrong, and I shall not forget it.  