Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the work he has done on this legislation, and the ranking member on the other side of the aisle.  This is a good piece of legislation. It should be passed. I urge my colleagues to support it. It has been fairly vetted, and I am confident that with the passage of this and on the President's desk, we will do the job to make sure that not only are the flying industry safe, but all other forms of transportation are safe.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to clarify the intent of several provisions that were added to H.R. 5076, as amended, since it was reported by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.  Section 5 of the bill as amended requires the General Accountability Office (GAO) to evaluate and audit the programs and expenditures of the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) at least annually.  This provision will provide greater oversight of the NTSB without risking any infringement on the Board's independence that could result from having the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) Inspector General perform this audit function.  When the NTSB was first established in 1967, it initially relied on DOT for funding and administrative support. In 1975, under the Independent Safety Board Act, all organizational ties to DOT were severed.  The NTSB serves as an independent ``watchdog'' over the DOT, as well as State transportation agencies, recommending actions these agencies should take to improve safety. Therefore, maintaining NTSB's strict independence from DOT is critically important to NTSB's mission.  Under H.R. 5076 as amended, the DOT Inspector General's current authority under 49 U.S.C. 1137 to review the financial management, property management, and business operations of the NTSB, including internal accounting and administrative control systems, is unchanged.  Section 4 of the bill clarifies how these functions of the Inspector General should be funded. Currently, the NTSB reimburses the Inspector General for the costs incurred by the Inspector General in carrying out 49 USC 1137. H.R. 5076 clarifies that an appropriation of funds directly to the Inspector General for these activities is preferable to a reimbursable agreement, but if such an appropriation is not available, then a reimbursable agreement should be used instead.  It is not Congress' intent that GAO and the DOT IG will in any way duplicate each others' work. Rather, Congress intends for GAO and the DOT IG to continue their current practice of coordinating their audit planning for the NTSB such that there is no duplication of effort between the two agencies as the GAO undertakes the specific responsibilities assigned by Congress under this bill.  Section 2(a)(1) of the bill requires the Board to submit to Congress a list of accidents the Board was required to investigate, as well as a list of ongoing investigations exceeding the time allotted by Board order. This reporting requirement would not apply to accident types which the NTSB may voluntarily elect to investigate, but is not required to investigate, under current law, such as railroad grade-crossing or highway accidents.  Section 2(a)(2) of the bill requires NTSB to develop and implement a plan to achieve, to the maximum extent feasible, the self-sufficient operation of the NTSB Academy. This facility has in the past consumed too large a portion of NTSB's budget resources, to the detriment of the NTSB's core accident investigation mission. I encourage the NTSB to develop a plan to make better use of this facility and reduce the burden it imposes on the NTSB's budget.  Section 11 instructs the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Transportation to conduct oversight of the reviews currently underway at the Federal Highway Administration and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts of the tragic July 10, 2006, fatal accident in the Central Artery tunnel project in Boston, Massachusetts. The section also instructs the Inspector General to investigate, in cooperation with the U.S. Attorney General and the Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, any criminal or fraudulent acts committed in the execution of the project. I do not intend for the Inspector General to duplicate the current reviews. The purpose of this section is to evaluate the reviews to ensure that the aforementioned public agency oversight underway of this past summer's accident is thorough and rigorous so the lessons learned will prevent future tragedies.  