Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.  I would like to suggest one thing. I deeply respect the individual from New York that just spoke against the legislation.  H.R. 5013 does not specifically address gun possession in emergency shelters. It addresses only housing except to prohibit future guns regulations above and beyond the Federal, State, and local law. This requirement was included to prevent the repeat of a short-lived FEMA effort to ban gun possession in the FEMA trailer parks in Louisiana.  H.R. 5013 does not override Federal, State or local laws restricting gun possession in various locations often used as shelters such as schools, government buildings and sports arena. That is what this bill does not do.  We address these issues, including the one where the Coast Guard was rescuing someone with a helicopter, they could not bring a firearm on board that vessel or that aircraft.  I would like to suggest this would never have had to happen if someone, and I will say government people, of what branch or other had decided they would take law into their own hands and go into a law-abiding home and confiscate a gun from a citizen who had done no wrong, was only trying to protect their home. That is the premise of our democracy and our Republic, is the right to protect your castle. Regardless of whether it is the hoodlum, the burglar, the murderer, the rapist, or the government, no one has the right to take away my ability to defend myself, nor my cherished ones from he would intrude upon my being and my home. That is the second amendment; that is my right.  To have a government, during a time of duress, the hurricane as bad as it was, to go into areas that were trying to protect themselves, and by the way, they went on television and said they did not have the manpower to address the looting, the rioters and the hoodlums but they had the manpower to go in and to take and confiscate arms from the law-abiding citizens of Louisiana, and by the way, I believe this is the only area it did occur.  So what I am suggesting in this legislation, I want to thank Mr. Jindal especially being the prime sponsor, this legislation precludes the government from taking away what is my cherished personal right to protect those I love, in a time a duress and, yes, even in a time of peace because you will never know when that peace will be eroded and taken away from you.  So this legislation is a step because someone else misstepped, and some would say it is not necessary, it will not happen again. I have been around here long enough to know never say it will not happen again.  So we should look forward to this legislation and pass it. Get on with it and let those government agencies that misstepped know that they now are under the scope of reality and what is right for this great Nation.  