 President, I am pleased that the Senate will have the opportunity to consider the conference agreement for the fiscal year 2001 Transportation appropriations bill.  I believe that this bill strikes a funding balance between the modes of transportation, funds critical safety initiatives, reflects the priorities of the overwhelming majorities of both the House and the Senate, and provides adequate flexibility and direction for the Department as it transitions into the next administration.  Mr. President, allow me to take just a few minutes to summarize and highlight a few of the provisions of the conference report that is now before the Senate.  Of the three issues that the administration indicated were critical to it in the safety arena, I'm pleased to report that we're three for three. And, so is the administration. These issues have been negotiated in a fashion and with a spirit of accommodating the interests of the House, the Senate, and the administration. Through some creativity and with an awareness of the specific concerns of all the parties, we have been able to meet everyone more than halfway.  The compromise language on the hours of service regulations in this conference report allows the Department to move forward with the analysis of the docket, issue a supplemental NPRM, and do everything short of issuing the final rule. I think that is a reasonable compromise and one that should provide the incentive for the administration to fully listen and solicit views on all sides of this issue.  As many of you know, I have a concern that NHTSA has ignored calls from consumer groups and critics of the proposes static stability factor rating system in its rush to publish a rollover rating as part of the NCAP program. Notwithstanding that concern, I have been convinced by the distinguished House Chairman, Mr. Wolf, that he believes that NHTSA, in light of our attention to the issue, will now act responsibly in this area.  Accordingly, the conference agreement maintains the Senate requirement to conduct a 9-month study at the National Academy of Sciences. The Academy is directed to investigate the usefulness of the information that NHTSA proposes to provide, the scientific underpinnings of the NHTSA approach, and consideration of whether dynamic testing is preferable to the static stability factor calculation--while simultaneously allowing NHTSA to move forward with its proposal.  This issue deserves all our attention as it evolved because rollovers are among the most deadly of accident types and providing bad information to consumers could well mean more highway fatalities. People have a right to expect that the information that the Federal Government provides is accurate, unbiased, and based on sound testing methodologies. I am pleased that in the conference agreement NHTSA will have to meet that standard, if not in the short term, at least in the long term.  The funding levels keep faith with the recently enacted AIR-21 capital and airport authorizations, and come very close to the President's budget request for FAA operations.  The Highway and Transit accounts are funded at the TEA-21 authorized levels; the Coast Guard, adjusted for some of the capital projects funded in the supplemental, is above the President's requested level for fiscal year 2001; NHTSA is above the President's request once it is adjusted downward for the RABA shift that was a non-starter with both the House and the Senate.  Amtrak is funded at the President's request and the remaining accounts: Pipeline Safety, the Inspector General, the National Transportation Safety Board are all at or above the President's request.  There is no tenable argument that can be made that there isn't enough money in this bill. The conference agreement includes approximately 14 percent more budget resources than the fiscal year 2000 enacted levels.  In addition, we have tried to reflect and accommodate the priorities of our subcommittee members, full committee members, and the membership of both the House and Senate. We have listened to what our members have requested us to do and accordingly, the negotiated compromise reflects the priority that members have put on highway and transit spending.  There are other issues that have been the subject of some attention--the most notable of which is the .08 blood alcohol content. The Senate bill included a provision which would hold back a portion of highway funds from states which fail to adopt a .08 blood alcohol content standard.  The conference agreement modifies that provision by providing a more graduated, phased-in approach of the highway holdback and more time for states to adopt the .08 standard. I also want to point out that no state incurs the loss of highway funds if they adopt the .08 blood alcohol content standard by 2007. Whatever funds withheld from them starting in 2004 would be returned without penalty under the hold-harmless clause as long as a .08 standard is adopted by 2007. I think this is a reasonable and fair transition to a standard that we know will save lives.  Mr. President, there are a few people I would particularly like to thank before we vote. My ranking members, Senator Lautenberg, has been a valued partner in this process during his final year as the ranking member of the Senate Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee. While we have had our disagreements and differences, I have been privileged to work with him and believe this nation's transportation policy have benefitted by the substantial contributions he has made during his tenure in the Senate and on the subcommittee.  Senators Stevens and Byrd have provided guidance throughout the year, and made a successful bill possible by ensuring an adequate allocation for transportation programs.  My House counterpart, Congressman Frank Wolf and his staff: John Blazey, Rich Efford, Stephanie Gupta, and Linda Muir, have been particularly accommodating and collegial.  Finally, Mr. President, I want to thank Steve Cortese and Jay Kimmitt of the full committee staff for their invaluable assistance and advice throughout the process.  Mr. President, I urge adoption of the conference report.  