 President, I will try to be really brief. My colleagues have said much about what Senator Lautenberg has contributed to the country, to the Senate, and his persistent advocacy on behalf of the State of New Jersey. I will not repeat all those things that have already been said about our distinguished colleague. What I would like to share with the Senate today is a more overlooked but important perspective in Frank Lautenberg.  Senator Lautenberg is appropriately characterized as a Democrat. I am appropriately characterized as a Republican. You might think we would have a difficult time working together in managing the Transportation appropriations bill. Make no mistake, we have our differences, as we all do. But in the 4 years that I have shared the responsibility of managing this bill with Senator Lautenberg, holding hearings on Transportation appropriations issues, working to improve transportation safety, working to improve the efficiency of transportation programs, and working to develop recommendations that reflect the will of the Senate and the priorities of our colleagues, I have found Frank Lautenberg to be thoughtful, decisive, reasonable, and professional. I could not ask for more from a ranking member.  I could talk about his accomplishments when he chaired this subcommittee in years past, his advocacy on behalf of Amtrak and the Coast Guard, about his legislative accomplishments to ban smoking on airline flights and to shape highway reauthorization bills, about his love of aviation, about his significant place in shaping Transportation authorization and appropriations bills during his tenure in the Senate, about his vision for improving transportation services, not just in his State of New Jersey but more broadly for the entire Northeast region of the United States.  But that would not give the full measure of his contribution. Equally, if not more important, is his commitment to making the process here work, to applying pressure in his own way to get the issues before the Senate and the Congress that are timely and that are relevant.  Many have said the Senate will miss Senator Lautenberg, that New Jersey will miss his influence, and that the country will miss his leadership on transportation issues. That is all true. But what I will miss most is his friendship, his advice and support on the Transportation Subcommittee on which he has labored so long.  I would like to see Senator Lautenberg honored in an appropriate way as he departs his service to the Senate and to the Nation's transportation system.  I yield the floor.  