 President, I rise to express my support for the Thompson-Torricelli amendment, or the ``China Nonproliferation Act.''  I do so as a Senator who has long been concerned about the threat posed by China's reckless proliferation of nuclear, missile and other technologies, and as chairman of the Intelligence Committee, with responsibility for our intelligence efforts against this critical national security threat.  While this amendment applies to other countries, including Russia and North Korea, we are considering it in the context of Permanent Normal Trade Relations for the People's Republic of China, or PNTR. Therefore, my remarks will, for the most part, focus on that country.  I should say at the outset that I intend to support PNTR because I believe that, on balance, taking this step will further U.S. national interests.  But China remains, in the words of the Director of Central Intelligence, a ``key supplier'' of sensitive technologies to Iran, Pakistan and other countries.  I remind my colleagues that the Intelligence Committee has prepared and made available to Members a summary and compendium of recent intelligence reporting on PRC proliferation. It remains available for your review.  I understand that only a handful of Senators have availed themselves of this opportunity. I urge each of you to review this very disturbing and revealing material. Without having done so, you will be voting on this amendment ignorant of the facts as we know them.  Whether you choose to vote for or against this amendment, you must not do so without a full appreciation of the facts.  Suffice it to say that China has not improved its poor proliferation record.  In light of the poor Chinese proliferation record, I believe that risks associated with approving PNTR are managed better if the Thompson-Torricelli amendment is enacted with our new trade relationship with China.  Since the sponsors and other Senators are addressing the threat to our national security posed by Chinese proliferation, I will focus primarily on some of those aspects of the problem of greatest concern to the Intelligence Committee.  Tracking the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction has been among the Intelligence Committee's very highest budgetary priorities.  This is because proliferation is one of our most daunting and resource-intensive intelligence challenges. The materials and technology to build nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons and the missiles to deliver them are not shipped in the open. They are smuggled across borders and shipped under false documents.  Vital technical support to a country's missile or nuclear program may fit on a single computer disk or take the form of clandestine visits by technical experts.  The materials used in making weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery are often dual use, meaning that they may also be used for peaceful purposes.  Our intelligence analysts must compile all the facts to determine the likely use of these materials. This really is rocket science, and nuclear science, and biological and chemical science.  Tracking proliferation is not only difficult, it is a critical mission. Timely intelligence provides us with the information we need to support our efforts to deter or dissuade countries, like the People's Republic of China and Russia, from selling nuclear, chemical, biological or missile technologies to rogue states or regions of instability.  When deterrence and dissuasion fail, timely intelligence also will support efforts to counter the proliferation and use of missiles and weapons of mass destruction.  What is especially frustrating for me, as chairman of the Intelligence Committee, is that while the Intelligence Community is doing its job, gathering intelligence at great expense and risk about who is selling and who is buying technologies of mass destruction, this intelligence is ignored by policymakers.  Policy makers have frequently circumvented our sanctions laws by avoiding reaching a determination that could trigger sanctions. They have ensured that the bureaucratic process for reaching a determination that would lead to sanctions is never started, or completed, or impossible standards of evidence are set, so that a judgment never has to be reached.  A case in point is the notorious M-11 missile. After years of closed door deliberations on this issue, in September of last year, for the first time, the Intelligence Community stated publicly its longstanding conclusion that ``Pakistan has M-11 SRBMs [Short Range Ballistic Missiles] from China. . . .''  Lest anyone miss the significance of these Chinese missiles now in the hands of Pakistan, or their contribution to instability in South Asia, the community assessed further that these missiles may have a nuclear role.  Sales of M-11 technology have twice triggered sanctions against the PRC under the Arms Export Control Act and Export Administration Act. The sale of M-11 missiles should, under current law, have triggered additional, even stricter, sanctions.  But despite the clear, and public, conclusion of the Intelligence Community, the State Department has suggested that the Intelligence Community's finding that the M-11 missiles were sold by the PRC to Pakistan did not meet its ``high standard of evidence.''  Failure to follow through on the facts, however unpleasant the facts may be, undercuts the credibility of our entire nonproliferation policy.  I am hopeful that the Thompson-Torricelli amendment will force a more robust response to the intelligence collected on proliferation. Under this amendment, policy makers will be forced--on an annual basis--to collect the evidence of proliferation and provide a report to Congress.  This report will be more comprehensive and focused than those we have received to date.  The report must identify persons from China, Russia, North Korea and other states when there is credible evidence that this person has contributed to the design, development, production, or acquisition of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or ballistic missiles.  The report also will identify any person of a covered country that is engaged in activities prohibited under therelevant treaties and agreements regarding the possession and transfer of chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons.  The President is directed in the China Nonproliferation Act to report information on noncompliance with international arms control and proliferation agreements by the covered countries.  Finally, the report must include an assessment of the threats to our national security, and that of our allies, resulting from proliferation--whether or not this proliferation can be determined to meet the legal or evidentiary standards the State Department asserts to avoid reaching sanctions judgements.  This will go a long way towards compelling the State Department to acknowledge serious instances of nuclear and other proliferation.  Furthermore, the Director of Central Intelligence is required to reach a determination regarding what transfer or sale of goods, services, or technology have a ``significant potential to make a contribution to the development, improvement, or production of nuclear, biological, or chemical weapons or of ballistic or cruise missile systems.''  Again, mandating this report will allow us to avoid the unpleasant situation we have been in for years in which the President has been able to avoid reaching necessary judgements about proliferation activities and their consequences.  This report will contribute significantly to the ability of the U.S. Congress to conduct oversight and to make informed judgements on matters of national security.  The information detailed in the report should better enable us to judge the appropriateness and, over time, the effectiveness of the sanctions provided for in this amendment.  Some have complained that this bill forces the President to impose sanctions. This is not the case.  The amendment provides adequate flexibility to the President since he can waive the sanctions.  However, he must specify his reasons for doing so, and Congress may disagree through procedures set out in the bill. This legislation will make Presidential decision-making more transparent and will ensure that the President's decisions are based on the best intelligence available.  Mr. President, would our citizens want to continue to sell items on the United States Munitions List to an individual that has ``contributed to the design, development, production, or acquisition of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or ballistic or cruise missiles'' for a third party or state.  Would our citizens want to continue to license dual-use items that could contribute to this individual's proliferation of weapons of mass destruction?  Would our citizens want to continue to provide that individual Government assistance in the form of grants, loans, or credits?  Would our citizens want to continue co-development or co-production of items on our munitions list with that individual?  Of course not. Of course not.  I hope we can agree that the United States should neither reward nor contribute to proliferation of the weapons that threaten our own Nation.  Without question, the imposition of sanctions against another nation or foreign companies is always a serious matter.  The imposition of sanctions has significant foreign and economic policy consequences for the United States and should not be undertaken lightly.  Because sanctions can be costly for our own American industries, we must be sure there is a clear national security interest that will be advanced by the sanctions.  Curbing proliferation meets this test. The President has declared the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction to be a ``national emergency,'' and I think most of us agree with that declaration.  I support the Thompson-Torricelli amendment because it takes a balanced, measured approach to the problem of sanctioning Chinese proliferation activities, and similar activities of other countries.  In particular, it creates a process to ensure that the U.S. response to future activities of proliferation is never again the inaction, indifference, and self-deception that characterizes the current process.  I believe this bill will bring us closer to a situation in which the PRC and other supplier nations clearly understand--for the first time--that there will be serious consequences when they engage in proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that threaten the United States, its allies, and friends.  Mr. President, I again urge my colleagues to review the available intelligence. The facts speak for themselves, and they speak very loudly indeed.  I urge adoption of the Thompson-Torricelli amendment and yield the floor.  