 President, I am disappointed, but perhaps not surprised, to be back on the floor with the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001.  After 8 years of subordinating national security to political concerns, the Clinton-Gore administration now exits on a similar note. Three days before the election, in the face of hysterical, largely inaccurate, but extremely well-timed media lobbying blitz, the President overruled his national security experts and vetoed this bill over a provision designed to reduce damaging leaks of classified national security information.  Ironically, the White House--with the full knowledge of Chief of Staff John Podesta--had previously signed off on section 304 of the Intelligence bill, the anti ``leaks'' provision that prompted the veto. Section 304, which has been public since May and which represents the product of extensive consultations with the Justice Department and the Senate Judiciary Committee, would have filled gaps in existing law by giving the Justice Department new authority to prosecute all unauthorized disclosures of classified information.  Section 304 and the rest of the intelligence authorization bill were unanimously approved by the Intelligence Committee on April 27, and adopted by the full Senate without dissent on October 2. The President's Executive Office submitted to the Congress a ``Statement of Administration Policy'' in support of the leaks provision. The conference report was adopted by the Senate on October 12.  Let me take a minute to explain why the committee decided, after extensive consultations with the Justice Department, to adopt this provision.  While current law bars unauthorized disclosure of certain categories of information, for example, cryptographic or national defense information, many other sensitive intelligence and diplomatic secrets are not protected. And the U.S. Government, in the words of Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, ``leaks like a sieve.''  While leakers seldom if ever face consequences for leaks, our intelligence professionals do. These range from the very real risks to the lives and freedom of U.S. intelligence officers and their sources, to the compromise of sensitive and sometimes irreplaceable intelligence collection methods. Human or technical, these sources won't be there to warn of the next terrorist attack, crisis, or war.  If someone who is providing us intelligence on terrorist plans or foreign missile programs asks, ``If I give you this information, can you protect it,'' the honest answer is often ``no.'' So they may rethink, reduce, or even end their cooperation. Leaks also alienate friendly intelligence services and make them think twice before sharing sensitive information, as the National Commission on Terrorism recently concluded.  Some of section 304's opponents downplay the seriousness of leaks compared to traditional espionage. Yet leaks can be even more damaging. Where a spy generally serves one customer, media leaks are available to anyone with 25 cents to buy the Washington Post, or access to an Internet connection.  As important as what this legislation does is what it doesn't do. Media organizations and others have conjured up a parade of dire consequences that would ensue if section 304 had become law. Yet this carefully drafted provision would not have silenced whistle blowers, who would continue to enjoy current statutory protections, including those governing the disclosure of classified information to appropriate congressional oversight committees. Having led the move to enact whistleblower protection for intelligence community employees, I am extremely sensitive to this concern.  It would not have criminalized mistakes: the provision would have applied only in cases where unauthorized disclosures are made both willfully and knowingly. That means that the person both intends and understands the nature of the act. Mistakes could not be prosecuted since they are, by definition, neither willful nor knowing.  It would not have eroded first amendment rights. In particular, section 304 is not an Official Secrets Act, as some critics have alleged. Britain's Official Secrets Act authorizes the prosecution of journalists who publish classified information. Section 304, on the other hand, criminalizes the actions of persons who are charged with protecting classified information, not those who receive or publish it. Even under existing statutes, the Department of Justice rarely seeks to interview or subpoena journalists when investigating leaks. In fact, there has never been a prosecution of a journalist under existing espionage or unauthorized disclosure statutes, despite the fact that some of these current laws criminalize the actions of those who receive classified information without proper authorization.  Critics also cite--correctly--the Government's tendency to overclassify information, especially embarrassing information, the disclosure of which would not damage national security, the standard for classification. But these practices are already prohibited under the current Executive order on classification, E.O. 12958, which not only provides a procedure for government employees to challenge a classification determination they believe to be improper, but encourages them to do so.  The real issue is: who decides what should be classified? With commendable honesty, critic Steven Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists went beyond ritual denunciation to spell out his real concern: Section 304, as he told the Washington Post, ``turns over to the executive branch the right to determine what will be protected.''  In fact, designated officials within the executive branch have always exercised that authority. What Mr. Aftergood and the media want is to arrogate that authority to themselves and their sources. While designated classification officials may err, they--not disgruntled mid-level employees--are the ones charged under our laws and procedures with balancing the protection of our nation's secrets with the need for government openness.  Mr. President, I am disappointed that President Clinton chose to veto the Intelligence Authorization Act over this provision, and I am especially disappointed at the manner in which this occurred.  I believe, however, that it is in our national interest that the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 be enacted into law. Therefore, the bill before the Senate is identical to the conference report vetoed by the President, but for the ``leaks'' provision.  