 President, I rise today in support of H.R. 1883, the Iran Nonproliferation Act of 1999.  As chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, I am in a privileged position to have access to the volumes of intelligence information gathered at great expense andeven risk of life by our intelligence community.  Sadly, this intelligence leads me to the conclusion that our efforts thus far to stem proliferation have failed. As the Director of Central Intelligence told me in an open Hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee just this month:       Mr. Chairman, on proliferation, the picture that I drew      last year has become even more stark and worrisome. Transfers      of enabling technologies to countries of proliferation      concern have not abated.  Particularly in the case of Iran, the intelligence indicates that the proliferation of missile technologies as well as the technologies and expertise to enable their development of chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons, continues unabated.  Our nonproliferation efforts haven't failed because we haven't tried other things. They have failed because the tools we have used thus far have not been up to the task.  The task is indeed formidable.  Iran desperately wants these weapons. We wish they didn't. We wish the problem would go away on its own. But the evidence indicates that it won't. In the unclassified version of a report submitted to me on January 21st pursuant to a mandate in the Intelligence Authorization Act of 1997--a report available to all Members--the Director of Central Intelligence stated:       Iran remains one of the most active countries seeking to      acquire WMD [weapons of mass destruction] . . . from abroad.      In doing so, Tehran is attempting to develop an indigenous      capability to produce various types of weapons--nuclear,      chemical, and biological--and their delivery systems.  With regard to missile proliferation, in his testimony to me this month, the DCI reported that:       Most analysts believe that Iran, following the North Korean      pattern, could test an ICBM capable of delivering a light      payload to the United States in the next few years.  And, he added, Iran could become not just a recipient, but a proliferator:       While Russia, China, and North Korea continue to be the      main suppliers of ballistic missiles and related technology,      long-standing recipients--such as Iran--might become      suppliers in their own right as they develop domestic      production capabilities.  Iran is not just seeking missiles, but also biological, chemical, and nuclear weapons. Iran is seeking dual-use technologies to further the biological warfare program it began during the Iran-Iraq war. Iran also wants to maintain a prohibited chemical weapons capability. According to the January DCI report I just mentioned, Iran, despite its commitment to give up chemical weapons under the Chemical Weapons Convention, ``has manufactured and stockpiled chemical weapons, including blister, blood, and choking agents and the bombs and artillery shells for delivering them.'' They have continued to ``seek production technology, expertise, and chemicals that could be used as precursor agents in its chemical warfare program from entities in Russia and China.'' Finally, Iran wants a nuclear weapons capability. According to the DCI: ``Iran sought nuclear-related equipment, material and technical expertise from a variety of sources, especially in Russia, during the first half of 1999.''  Importantly, Iran is seeking an indigenous capability. Their pursuit of WMD and delivery systems has lead to a maturing indigenous capability. This means that the window in which we can stop significant proliferation to Iran is closing rapidly. This means that the time to intervene is now.  Some have suggested that the recent elections in Iran should lead us to pause our consideration of this bill. I disagree. First, to the degree that the newly elected Iranian legislators seek to constrain efforts to develop and deploy weapons of mass destruction, I believe that this legislation will strengthen such an effort. It demonstrates the seriousness with which the United States Congress views proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Second, existing evidence indicates that we cannot count on the elections to bring an end to Iran's national policy of developing weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery. It is important to underscore that former President Rafsanjani, considered a moderate in Iranian political circles, was the very leader who initiated Iran's pursuit of those weapons. Indeed it was Rafsanjani who said that ``Chemical and biological weapons are poor man's atomic bombs . . .'' After he became Iran's President, he is quoted as saying: ``We should fully equip ourselves in the defensive and offensive use of chemical, bacteriological and radiological weapons.'' We cannot expect that Iran will therefore give up its pursuit of these weapons on their own. This bill will provide additional incentive for them to do so, and we will watch carefully for evidence of such a decision, but at this point, absent strong policy on our part, we must conclude that the policy of acquiring these weapons and their means of delivery will continue.  The task of stemming proliferation to Iran is made more difficult because individuals and the nations from which they proliferate have their own strong motives for aiding Iran. For some individuals, the motive is money. But why can't we simply rely on the governments in which they operate to stop them? In some cases, governments are too week to intervene. In others, the government looks the other way or even promotes proliferation to Iran because their leaders welcome the challenge an Iran with missiles and weapons of mass destruction poses to the United States.  We need the tools to offset the benefits of aiding Iran. We must ensure that there are financial and other costs associated with supplying the assistance Iran still needs in its drive for weapons of mass destruction and missiles.  H.R. 1883 gives the United States tools to attack proliferation on the supply side.  The first tool is the light of exposure to scrutiny. H.R. 1883 requires the President to submit annual reports identifying every person that, on or after January 1, 1999, transfers to Iran goods, services or technology on existing control lists or items with the potential to make a material contribution to Iran's development of nuclear, biological, or chemical weapons or ballistic or cruise missile systems. As a result, the Congress, the American people, and the community of nations will know who is supporting Iran's efforts to threaten peace and stability. We will shine a light on those lining their bank accounts by selling the tools of hideous death and unimaginable destruction to Iran. The threat of public exposure should serve as a significant deterrent to those who contemplate proliferation to Iran.  The second tool offered by H.R. 1883 is the authorization for the President to deny perpetrators of proliferation access to some U.S. trade. I highlight the word ``authorization.'' The sanctions provided by H.R. 1883 are not mandatory and exceptions are granted.  These tools, properly employed, will help stem the tide of proliferation to Iran. Are there costs? Yes. Some U.S. businesses may be called upon by the President to refrain from commerce with individuals that are shown to be materially aiding Iran's weapons of mass destruction and missile programs. But such a potential cost seems reasonable to me in light of the potentially far greater cost if we fail to act--the lives of American men, women, and children.  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1883 in a bipartisan way, as our House colleagues did when they voted to pass H.R. 1883 by a vote of 419-zero.  