 President, I oppose the Graham amendment as the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. We should, as an institution, oppose all efforts to devolve the authority and the responsibility of any congressional committee to an outside group, such as this commission, when there is no compelling reason to do so, and there is certainly no compelling reason to do so in this instance at this time.  As my colleagues probably know, the Intelligence Committee is alreadyaware of the state of our counterintelligence capabilities. I have worked with the vice chairman, Senator Kerrey, and other Members on both sides of the aisle, in dealing with our counterintelligence capabilities because we are engaged in the committee now in an ongoing legislative oversight of the intelligence community's approach to counterintelligence activities and espionage investigations. That is an ongoing, very much alive investigation.  We have a tremendous staff, I believe--and I believe the Senator from Nebraska, the vice chairman, joins me in saying this --a very able staff on the Senate Intelligence Committee that is deeply involved in a bipartisan way in this investigation.  The committee has recommended, and will continue to recommend as our investigation unfolds, substantive changes in this area. We are working with the majority leader, with the minority leader, and their staffs in this regard.  I believe the Intelligence Committee is completely capable--and I believe the vice chairman has already indicated this--of addressing this relatively small but very, very critical area within the National Foreign Intelligence Program.  Most important, though, this legislation presumes the failure of congressional oversight, and that did not happen. It did not happen in this instance, and the Senator from Nebraska, who has just come back on the floor, was very involved as the vice chairman of this committee in pushing for more money for counterintelligence. That goes without saying.  The failure of congressional oversight, as far as the Intel Committee is concerned, did not happen. For nearly 10 years, the Intelligence Committee has repeatedly directed the intelligence community to improve its counterintelligence capabilities communitywide and specifically at the Department of Energy where our most precious Labs, our most important Labs are located.  I believe this is really a case of the executive branch failing to heed congressional warnings, and I think we will see more and more of this as the investigation unfolds.  Finally, counterintelligence has been a specific priority of the Intelligence Committee in the Senate and will continue to be a high priority, as it should, as long as I am chairman and as long as I am involved.  This amendment ignores the past and ongoing work of the Intelligence Committee in the Senate. I urge my colleagues to oppose it.  