  Mr. President, I rise to voice my stringent objection to the conference report of the financial services modernization bill. While I believe we need to modernize the laws that govern this country's financial system, I do not believe we should do so at any price.  My colleagues in the Senate should know this legislation comes with a very high price to the American people. In my judgment, the price is simply too high. Let me explain.  First of all, I want to say that there are some very good things in this bill, not the least of which is the repeal of two sections of the Depression-era Glass-Steagall Act which allow banks, securities firms, and insurance companies to affiliate. Congress has worked on this for many years.  Under Senator Gramm's leadership as chairman of our Committee on Banking, this much-needed change will soon become reality. I think that is very positive in this bill.  That being said, I think it should be perfectly clear that there remains Depression-era laws on the books, and I hope Chairman Gramm would be interested in working with others on the Banking Committee to repeal those laws as well.  In particular, I am referring to the 1930s price control on business checking accounts. To the extent that we are modernizing this country's financial laws, one would think we would eliminate this price control and allow small businesses across this country to receive interest on their checking accounts and enjoy the full benefits of financial modernization.  Let me talk just a few minutes on CRA expansion.  I also feel compelled to set the record straight on the floor this afternoon on the Community Reinvestment Act provisions in this bill. Make no mistake about it. This bill expands--yes, Mr. President, expands--the Community Reinvestment Act. I know a great deal about this because I, along with Senator Gramm, killed this very bill last year because we were both opposed to the dramatic expansion of CRA in the bill at that time.  I don't understand what is different this year. I don't understand why no one is willing to stand up and oppose the expansion of CRA when it is very clear that this bill does, indeed, expand CRA. Why else would the administration support the bill? Why else would Rev. Jesse Jackson support the bill? We all know why. The bill expands CRA.  On page 15 of the bill, my colleagues will see a provision entitled ``CRA Requirement.'' This provision says that ``the appropriate Federal banking agency shall prohibit a financial holding company, or any insured depository institution from'' commencing any new activity or directly or indirectly acquiring control of a company engaged in any new activity, if the institution has a less than satisfactory CRA record on its most recent exam.  That is a very crucial ``maintenance'' requirement, as we call it in this bill.  Last year, the legislation gave the regulators the discretion to impose restrictions for falling out of compliance with CRA. This year, we have inserted a statutory prohibition of conducting new activities.  If the institution that was CRA-compliant when elected to become a financial holding company then chooses to engage in a new activity, the regulator could then use the enforcement authority in section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to impose civil money penalties on bank directors and officers. I am opposed to the maintenance requirement today just as much as I was opposed to the maintenance requirement last year. My position has not changed.  This expansion does not exist in current law today. If you have a certain bank charter, you can conduct all activities permissible to that charter whether you have a CRA-satisfactory record or not.  I believe we are making a grave mistake by expanding CRA. I am extremely disappointed because I know we have reached the point of no return. As conservatives, we will have no legs to stand on if and when we try to revisit this issue. My friends, we are, indeed, paying a very high price for this legislation.  Privacy is very important to all Americans. I pose a question to my colleagues: Does anyone know what issue brings together the American Civil Liberties Union, Consumers Union, and Ralph Nader of Public Citizen to Phyllis Schlafly of Eagle Forum and the Free Congress Foundation? It is the bill before the Senate, the financial privacy provisions. All of these groups have formed an unprecedented coalition to oppose this bill simply based on the lack of privacy protections. That is the price the American people are going to pay--their privacy--if we pass this bill for only a few large financial conglomerates.  In an article entitled ``Banks Sell Your Secrets,'' USA Today reported:       Consumers across the USA have been shocked and upset to      learn banks have been selling their private financial data,      from account balances to Social Security numbers.  Phyllis Schlafly of the Eagle Forum is quoted:       The checks you write and receive, the invoices you pay and      the investments you make reveal as much about you as a      personal diary, but instead of banks keeping your information      under lock and key, it is being collected, repackaged and      sold.  In September of this year, the Los Angeles Times reported that Charter Pacific Bank of San Fernando Valley, CA, sold 3.7 million credit card numbers to a felon who then allegedly ran up over $45 million worth of charges to the cardholders. It appears the felon also billed customers for access to X-rated web sites the customers never knew about. How do these people explain that to their families, their neighbors, or their church members?  The USA Today also ran an article on October 28, 1999, entitled ``Congress Passes Up Chance to Protect Your Financial Privacy.'' Reporting on this specific bill before the Senate today, the article read:       Technology already has made it far easier for disparate      firms to collect, share and sell warehouses of sensitive data      on individuals. And the banking bill would encourage banks,      insurance companies, and investment firms to link arms,      making data swapping from a wide range of sources much      easier.  That, my friends, is the point. We are about to pass this afternoon a financial modernization bill that represents industry interests in a big way. However, we have forgotten the interests of the most crucial market participant of all in America--the consumer, the American citizen. Under this bill, the consumer has little, if any, ability to protect the transfer of his or her personal nonpublic financial information. Indeed, the so-called privacy protections in this bill are a far cry from the protection we give taxpayers on their tax returns. It is against the law for an unauthorized inspection or disclosure of an individual's tax return. Violation of this law is punishable by fines, imprisonment, or both. The Internal Revenue Code even prescribes civil damages for the unauthorized inspection or disclosure and the notification to the taxpayer if an unauthorized inspection or disclosure has occurred.  I can assure Members these large financial conglomerates will have more information on citizens than the IRS, but we have done virtually nothing to protect the sharing of such nonpublic personal financial information for the American people.  Proponents of financial modernization will say the bill includes the strongest privacy provisions ever enacted by Congress. While that sounds great, the reality is the provisions are porous and do not provide the consumer with sufficient information to make an informed decision or the true ability to opt out of information sharing.  First, the opt-out requirement does not apply to affiliate sharing. This is significant because the bill allows financial holding companies to affiliate with entities engaged in activities that are ``complementary,'' to financial activities, as well as grandfather commercial companies and those acquired from merchant banking.  As a result, the holding company can share a wealth of nonpublic personal financial information with affiliated telemarketers selling nonfinancial products such as travel services, dental plans, and so forth. Should an insurance company be allowed to affiliate with a grocery store chain in order to track an individual's diet? Nothing in this bill prohibits this relationship or sharing of that information.  Second, the bill includes an exception to the porous opt-out provision that allows two or more financial institutions to share their customers' nonpublic personal information with telemarketers to market financial products or services offered under a so-called joint agreement.  While the financial institution must notify its customers about the sharing of that information, it does not have to provide customers with the ability to opt out of such information sharing. Furthermore, under the joint agreement provision, the nonaffiliated third party could then share the nonpublic personal information with its own affiliate. As a result, the opt-out provision provides no privacy protection at all.  For example, a financial institution could endorse a for-profit investment tip sheet service or stock day trading service targeting senior citizens. The financial institution could share confidential information with that tip sheet service or day trading service without affording the customer the right to opt out of it. To be more specific, the institution can give the tip sheet or day trading service a list of wealthy senior citizens or, in the case of an insurance company, a list of recent widows or widowers who recently received a large insurance payment. Is this really what the Senate wants to encourage and endorse? I hope not.  The bill also allegedly includes an all-out prohibition against the sharing of customer account number information for marketing purposes. What about sharing account numbers for the purposes of verifying customers' credit card accounts? The bill allows that. It is a way to get around it. Charter Pacific Bank in California claims they sell customer data files to merchants for data verification purposes, not marketing purposes. Therefore, the privacy provisions in the bill allow Charter Pacific to sell the customer account information to anyone, much less a felon, all over again.  As if that were not enough, all of a sudden new language has appeared in the conference report telling the regulators to allow for the transfer of personal account numbers to nonaffiliated third party telemarketers if the information is encrypted. Nothing in this bill says financial institutions are prohibited from giving the third party the key to unlock the encrypted information. In fact, that is common practice. This exception completely eviscerates the prohibition of third party telemarketers in the bill. This means U.S. Bancorp in Minnesota could sell the account numbers to MemberWorks all over again. This bill would not prevent it.  I believe these privacy provisions are a sham. I have said it before. They are a joke on the American people, and I will not sit by and be a party to this. When the American people, and they will, become aware of what Congress has done, it will be too late. This bill lets the genie out of the bottle. I am sure, as soon as this bill passes, if not before, a lot of people will be running for cover and introducing privacy bills. I bet President Clinton will set up a Presidential commission or something such as that, or a study group, to study the issue. That sounds nice. Too bad the President is not willing to make financial privacy a priority when it really matters, right here and right now, when we are giving financial institutions the unprecedented ability to collect, profile, share, and sell personal nonpublic financial information.  Critics claim that requiring a consumer to provide his affirmative consent before sharing information would be a hindrance to the free flow of information and basically unworkable. If this is the case, why did Citibank agree to an opt-in requirement for nonaffiliated third parties to do business in Germany? You heard me right. The biggest and most vocal proponent of this bill signed an agreement with its German affiliates in 1995 that basically required Citibank to obtain consent on the application form before they could share personal data to third parties. Citibank agreed to give Germans more privacy protections than we are giving our own citizens in the United States today.  Does that bother anybody else in this Chamber besides me? It should. I think this is a tragedy. I think it is absurd. The banking industry has told us they would oppose this bill if we simply give the consumer the ability to object to the sharing of nonpublic personal information. First of all, I think it is hypocritical of them to threaten us with that position, seeing as how Citigroup voluntarily agreed to provide consumers the ability to opt out in Germany.  Second, I believe Congress should not be dictated to by the financial industry or any other industry as to what provisions we put in on behalf of the American consumer. They should not write laws, ever. But Congress should.  I have heard many Members talk about empowerment and how we must empower the individual. We spend a lot of time discussing empowerment zones. Why are we ignoring the empowerment principle on this piece of legislation? Why is Congress going to take a walk on this issue? Why is Congress not going to stand up for the American people and assure them the ability to stop a financial institution from profiling individuals based on their most personal behavioral patterns and then selling that information at will? The American people clearly believe this is too high a price to pay for this bill. If we are going to allow the huge financial conglomerates to affiliate to provide services--and we are--why must we also give them the ability to sell, profit, and exploit an individual's personal nonpublic profile?  This is not a partisan issue. It does not matter if you are a Democrat or Republican, conservative, liberal, rich or poor. An individual's financial matters are very private to that individual. Families will not discuss how much money other family members make at the dinner table. It is too private. It istoo sensitive. They do not talk about it because they do not want to talk about it and they are in control of what information they share, even with their loved ones.  The bitter irony is that while the individual is practicing discretion in America, Congress is belligerently aiding and abetting complete strangers in accessing an individual's most private financial matters, including account balances, where they shop, and what they buy. We are aiding and abetting the felon in California who bought a list of account numbers and charged up to $45 million. We are aiding and abetting third party marketers such as MemberWorks, who bought a list from a bank and then automatically billed individuals' accounts.  I have said it before and I will say it again here, we are paying a very high price, a very dear price for this bill. The American people are paying a very dear price for this bill, and they will continue to pay it. It is very difficult for me this afternoon to celebrate this landmark achievement of financial modernization when I know we did so at the expense of every American.  I know this bill will pass with a lot of votes, but I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill mainly because of the lack of privacy provisions. Ask your mother, your father, your husband, or your wife about this. They will all tell you that one-stop shopping is not worth giving up their financial privacy. The price is too high--too high.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  