 President, I rise today to offer this amendment, entitled the American Bank Fairness Amendment, to S. 900, the pending bill.  This amendment, which, as I have said, is cosponsored by Senator Daschle, the minority leader, and Senators Grams, Reed, Bennett, Edwards, Hagel, and Landrieu, would permit national banks to conduct equity securities underwriting and merchant banking activities in an operating subsidiary, much as their foreign bank competitors that are allowed to conduct such activities in the United States today. I note that six of the seven sponsors of this amendment are members of the Banking Committee.  We are talking this afternoon about defining a fair and an efficient framework to allow all--yes, all--financial institutions to better provide service to their customers in America. This country needs financial modernization. I support national modernization.  I have great respect for the chairman, the Senator from Texas, Mr. Gramm, and I supported the chairman in the committee. He helped to get this bill to the floor.  Unfortunately, this bill does more for the institutions in the top world financial centers--New York, Hong Kong, London--than it does for the average bank that serves the average person in America. That is the issue at hand.  I know many of my colleagues have made up their mind on this issue. Besides, in all honesty, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, may not even be the Chairman of the Federal Reserve after next year, although I wish that he would continue. It is often reported in the press that Laura Tyson, Alice Rivlin, or even Catherine Bessant will be the next person President Clinton nominates to the Federal Reserve Board. Therefore, I do not believe it is fair for the issues of this debate to revolve around any one individual, although it is an individual I hold in great respect.  The truth is, we are here today to write the laws that will determine the future of the American financial system for the next 60 years. We are talking about the issues of banking law, corporate law, industrial organization.  Senators Grams, Reed, and Bennett have been the lead proponents of the operating subsidiary for several years and they should be commended for their deep understanding of the issue and the banking expertise they bring to the Senate Banking Committee.  Let me say from the very beginning, this debate is not about Chairman Alan Greenspan. It should never be. As I said, I have a deep respect for Chairman Greenspan. I hold him in very high regard. He is a tremendous central banker. I am not here to dispute that in any way.  The operating subsidiary amendment is not about monetary policy. Let me repeat, the operating subsidiary amendment is not about monetary policy. It is not about inflation, the money supply, or even the unemployment rate. I plead with Senators to listen to the facts. The key banking committee Senators supporting this amendment are not from big cities. They are not doing this for Citigroup or Merrill Lynch, Dean Witter, or Chase Manhattan Bank. The truth is, the large financial institutions want a bill so badly, they have forced their associations to oppose this amendment based on press reports that this bill will be pulled if it passes. We all know it is the multibillion-dollar financial institutions that control the associations, and they are the ones pushing this bill.  I just do not believe that, in passing a financial modernization bill, we should forget about the smaller, midsized, and regional banks that serve our local communities and our States. Those banks--the smaller, midsized, and regional banks--are the ones that are not being heard on this issue. They are being shut out and they have been discounted.  I am sorry, but I do not believe financial modernization should be only for the folks on Wall Street. I do not understand why this body would knowingly pass a financial modernization bill that would intentionally discriminate against domestic banks in favor of foreign banks.  If you want to talk about competition, free markets, and fair and equal treatment under the law, Senators should seriously consider the amendment that is before the Senate. The Shelby-Daschle and others amendment would provide more fair and equitable treatment of our national banks in comparison with our foreign competitors.  The American Bank Fairness Amendment, as we called it, would ensurethat foreign banks receive no competitive advantage over our banks here in America.  S. 900, at the moment, as it is written, discriminates against domestic banks. Ask yourself, Why are we even here in the first place? Why are we even considering financial modernization, if it is to be globally competitive? Is it to ensure that our banks can compete on an international scale?  I received a letter from John Reed and Sanford Weill, cochairmen of Citigroup, this morning. They wrote to inform me that passage of financial modernization is imperative.  They said,       As our financial services firms contort to comply with the      current legal and regulatory structure, we become much less      competitive with our non-U.S. counterparts. Our country's      competitive position as the world's leader in financial      services is at risk of being lost if we don't act now.  So, according to our friends at Citigroup, it appears we have become less competitive with our foreign competitors, and that our position as a world leader is at risk.  I received a similar letter from Phil Purcell, chairman of Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. He said that Congress needs to pass this bill because:       Financial modernization legislation is critical to the      maintenance of the preeminence of American financial firms in      global markets.  American preeminence, Mr. President? Is that the reason we are considering this legislation? If these are, indeed, the reasons, I must confess I am really confused. The reason for my confusion is S. 900, the bill we are debating today actually discriminates against domestic banks in favor of foreign banks. Simply put, national banks are not allowed to conduct merchant banking activities or equity underwriting activities in an operating subsidiary. Foreign banks, however, can conduct those activities today, and will actually expand their range of activities to include insurance underwriting, if this bill becomes law.  I actually have some charts to share with you to help demonstrate the blatant discriminatory treatment of our own national banks versus those of foreign banks' operating subsidiaries in America. Under current law, national bank subsidiaries are not permitted to conduct merchant banking activities. Merchant banking basically means that banks are permitted to make investments in a company subject to conditions designed to maintain the separation between banking and commerce. Foreign subsidiaries operating today in America can, however. Under current law, national bank subsidiaries are not permitted to underwrite any deal in equity securities. However, foreign bank subsidiaries can.  The last row under the ``current law'' is blank. That is, neither foreign bank subsidiaries nor national bank subsidiaries may underwrite noncredit-related insurance.  Let's look at a chart of permitted subsidiary activities that I have here if this financial modernization bill were enacted into law. Please notice that under the first column, here, national bank subsidiaries still will not enjoy the ability to conduct merchant banking activities or conduct equity securities underwriting. Foreign bank subsidiaries will not only be allowed to conduct those activities--merchant banking, underwriting and dealing in equity securities and insurance underwriting, as shown on the chart--but S. 900, as currently written, will actually expand their permissible activities to include noncredit-related insurance underwriting. This completely undermines the whole rationale for the bill.  That is the major flaw with this bill. How can the supporters of this bill say this will help our national banks compete when they are clearly put at a disadvantage by their own Federal Government? How can we in good conscience support a bill that discriminates against our own national banks?  Senator Gramm and Chairman Greenspan say if national banks are allowed to conduct such activities in an operating subsidiary, these banks would have a funding advantage over their competitors because of an alleged ``subsidy.''  However, neither Senator Gramm nor Chairman Greenspan can reconcile this argument with the competitive advantage of foreign bank subsidiaries. Since 1990, the Federal Reserve Board has issued approvals for 18 foreign banks to own subsidiaries that engage in securities underwriting activities in the United States. In fact, the size of these subsidiaries exceeds $450 billion in assets. The Federal Reserve admits that foreign banks may enjoy a ``home country'' subsidy. In approving the section 20 subsidiary application for the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce in 1990, the Federal Reserve noted:       Although as banks, applicants [that is foreign banks] are      not supported to any significant extent by the U.S. federal      safety net, they have access to any benefits that are      associated with their respective home country safety nets,      from which they may derive some competitive advantage over      U.S. bank holding companies operating under the section 20      framework or other U.S. securities firms.  Not only does the board basically admit there may be home country advantages, they also admit:       . . .  a foreign bank may establish and fund a section 20      subsidiary, while a U.S. bank may not.  Further, in their 1992 joint report on foreign bank operations entitled ``Subsidiary Requirements Study,'' the Federal Reserve Board and the Department of Treasury agreed that, ``. . . subject to prudential considerations, the guiding policy for foreign bank operations should be the principle of investor choice. The right of a foreign bank to determine whether to establish a branch or a subsidiary is consistent with competitive equity, national treatment and equality of competitive opportunity.''  Why is investor choice the guiding principle for foreign banks but not for our domestic banks? Why do foreign banks have the right to choose their own corporate structure but domestic banks do not?  The Federal Reserve Board stated that while a subsidy for foreign banks may exist:       [T]he Board believes that any advantage would not be      significant in light of the effect on them of the overall      section 20 framework and the circumstances of these cases,      and should not preclude foreign bank ownership of section 20      subsidiaries.  Basically, that means the rules and the regulations that apply to foreign section 20 subsidiaries should contain any possible subsidy.  Why do the rules and regulations in place contain any possible subsidy for foreign banks but not domestic banks, our banks? Why should any alleged subsidy preclude operating subsidiaries for U.S. banks but not for foreign subsidiaries? Fundamental fairness would suggest that foreign banks not be allowed to have a competitive advantage over domestic banks. It just makes no sense. Fundamental fairness suggests domestic banks should also have the choice of an operating subsidiary that our foreign banks have.  Critics of the operating subsidiary have voiced concerns about safety and soundness. But this is a red herring, I believe, and really no issue at all. Even Chairman Greenspan testified that safety and soundness is really not the issue with regard to operating subsidiaries, when asked by Congressman Bentsen in the House. I will quote the chairman:       My concerns are not about safety and soundness. It is the      issue of creating subsidies for individual institutions which      their competitors do not have. It is a level playing field      issue. Non-bank holding companies or other institutions do      not have access to that subsidy, and it creates an unlevel      playing field. It is not a safety and soundness issue.  The amendment before us, the operating subsidiary proposal, includes the same safety and soundness protections and lending restrictions as the Federal Reserve imposes on section 20 subsidiaries. But to further address any safety and soundness concerns, the amendment would also require that the parent bank deduct--yes, deduct--its entire equity investment in the subsidiary from its own capital and still remain well capitalized.  Furthermore, under the operating subsidiary, any alleged ``subsidy'' transferred to the subsidiary would be identical to that transferred to an affiliate because investments in the subsidiary would be limited to that which the bank could transfer to holding company affiliates in the form of dividends.  Lastly, the current Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and three former chairmen--two Democrats, two Republicans--have stated that the operating subsidiary is more safe and more sound than the affiliate structure.  The FDIC chairmen argue that forcing activities in an affiliate actually exposes insured banks to greater risks than that of an operating subsidiary.  I want to respond to a letter Chairman Alan Greenspan wrote to Chairman Gramm on May 4 in response to my ``Dear Colleague'' dated May 3. I believe this is a great letter in support of the operating subsidiary. In Chairman Greenspan's effort to explain why foreign bank subsidiaries do not have a competitive advantage and are justified, he actually makes the case for an operating subsidiary and confirms everything proponents have been saying all along.  In paragraph 2, Chairman Greenspan says that the International Banking Act requires foreign banks be allowed to operate in this country through operating subsidiaries. His major point is that it is not his choice, but that the law makes him do it, and this is due to the national treatment principles to which he refers in paragraph 3.  I understand the national treatment principles. However, those principles are not and should not be interpreted to mean that foreign banks be given advantages over U.S. banks.  In both the International Banking Act and the Bank Holding Company Act, the Federal Reserve Board is mandated to deny an application by a foreign bank to establish a U.S.-subsidiary if the Board finds that the proposal will result in ``decreased or unfair competition, conflicts or interests, or unsound banking practices.''  This is a very important point, I submit to my colleagues. By law, the Federal Reserve must have determined that foreign bank subsidiaries conducting securities underwriting and equity underwriting does not result in unsound banking practices.  Otherwise, the Federal Reserve would be in violation of the International Banking Act and the Bank Holding Company Act. That very fact supports our argument that conducting such activities in an operating subsidiary is both safe and sound.  In the third paragraph, Chairman Greenspan says:       In the absence of any evidence that foreign banks are using      their government subsidy to an unfair competitive advantage      in the United States, there does not seem to be any      compelling reason to abandon the current approach to foreign      bank participation in this country.  Chairman Greenspan once again admits there is a government subsidy for foreign banks. He confirms what I shared with everyone in my ``Dear Colleague'' letter in the Senate. He then changes the subject to say there is no reason to abandon foreign banks subsidiaries. I never suggested such a thing in my ``Dear Colleague'' letter. In only asked that if it is appropriate for foreign banks, why isn't it appropriate for national banks?  The fifth paragraph of the letter states that, ``foreign banks have not been able to exploit their home country subsidy . . .'' and that foreign bank subsidiaries ``have substantially underperformed U.S. owned section 20 companies.'' He actually admits that ``the subsidy does not travel well.'' In other words, foreign banks have not been successful transferring their home country subsidy to their subsidiary in the U.S.  But wait a minute. You cannot have it both ways. I do not care who you are.  Chairman Greenspan just presented evidence to us in the fifth paragraph that foreign bank subsidiaries, which in the third paragraph he admits receive a home country subsidy, underperform their American competitors. Thus, if there is a subsidy, it must either be (1) insignificant, and not enough to affect market performance or (2) contained in the section 20 regulatory framework and therefore not an issue. In either case, the Chairman has just confirmed the arguments that proponents of operating subsidiaries have made.  To sum up, Chairman Greenspan, just 2 days ago, confirmed that: foreign bank subsidiaries receive home country subsidies; conducting such activities in a subsidiary does not result in unsound banking practices, otherwise the Fed is violating the law with regard to foreign bank subsidiaries; and the subsidiary does not ``travel well,'' that is, it is not easily transferred from the bank to the sub.  The logic and the evidence presented by Chairman Greenspan in defense of foreign bank subsidiaries is the exact same logic and evidence that supports the Shelby-Daschle operating subsidiary amendment.  To be honest, I am quite surprised at the Chairman's uncompromising position on the issue. As a student of Public Choice economics, I am sure he is aware of the benefits of competition among regulators. I am surprised he supports making the Federal Reserve the monopoly umbrella regulator. Monopolies restrict output and increase prices.  There is no doubt in my mind that making the Federal Reserve the monopoly regulator will create even more bottlenecks in bank applications thereby increasing the regulatory cost of banks doing business with the Federal Reserve.  For the sake of competition, for the sake of free markets, for the sake of choice, I respectfully request that you support the Shelby amendment.  