 President, I rise today to ask that my colleagues support the conference report on the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000.  I want to thank my colleagues in the House for their work on this legislation and especially Chairman Goss and Ranking Member Dixon for their leadership in the conference.  I believe that the conference committee put together a solid package for consideration by the full Senate that fairly represents the intelligence priorities set forth in both the Senate and House versions of the Intelligence Authorization Act.  I am pleased to report that the conference committee accomplished its task in a bipartisan manner, and I want to thank my colleague from Nebraska, Senator Kerrey, for working so closely with me to produce this legislation.  I believe that the conference report embraces many of the key recommendations that the Senate adopted in its version of the bill.  We recommended significant increases in funding for high-priority projects aimed at better positioning the Intelligence Community for the threats of the 21st century, while at the same time reducing funds for programs and activities that were not adequately justified or redundant.  In so doing, we authorized a moderate increase in overall funding for intelligence programs above the President's request. This is a positive step and I hope that next year the administration will follow our lead and begin to reinvest in our intelligence gathering capabilities.  The conference report includes key initiatives that I believe are vital for the future of our Intelligence Community.  These initiatives include:  1. bolstering advanced research and development across the Community, to facilitate, among other things, the modernization of NSA and CIA;  2. strengthening efforts in counter-proliferation, counter-terrorism, counter-narcotics, counter-intelligence, and effective covert action;  3. expanding the collection and exploitation of measurements and signatures intelligence, especially ballistic missile intelligence;  4. boosting education, recruiting, and technical training for Intelligence Community personnel;  5. enhancing analytical capabilities;  6. streamlining dissemination of intelligence products;  7. developing our ability to process, exploit and disseminate commercial imagery; and  8. providing new tools for information operations.  I believe that the conferees have provided the funds and guidance necessary to ensure that military commanders and national policymakers continue to receive timely, accurate information on threats to our security.  At the same time, we have found some critical areas within the Community that are in need of major improvements.  In the Senate, we had a distinguished panel of Americans with a broad range of expertise--our Technical Advisory Group--that took a look at some key areas within the Intelligence Community and brought forward some very important recommendations.  We thank all the members of the Technical Advisory Group for their time and efforts.  I will briefly summarize some of their findings, to the extent that I can in open session, along with some of the other findings of our conference.  First, our ability to collect and analyze information on the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction requires renewed emphasis and innovative thinking.  As our potential enemies seek out the ability to produce chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons, we must develop the ability to detect these efforts.  This bill places a great deal of emphasis on our ability to collect such information known as Measurements and Signatures Intelligence or MASINT.  Second, both the House and Senate Intelligence Committees agree that our Intelligence Community and our Defense Department must move quickly to address what our Technical Advisory Group identifies as a critical shortfall in our ability to properly task, process, exploit, and disseminate intelligence information collection by our airborne and overhead imagery assets.  As we modernize our Imagery Intelligence or IMINT architecture, the Intelligence and Armed Services Committees agree that we should not be spending the taxpayers money on collection architectures that we may not be able to utilize fully.  Third, we have once again placed strong emphasis on recapitalizing the National Security Agency's information technology infrastructure.  As we demand more from our Intelligence Community in a number of areas, we also demand fiscal responsibility. The conference report includes a number of reductions to programs that were not adequately justified or were redundant with other elements within the Intelligence Community.  The legislation contains some important new authorities for the Intelligence Community. I'll mention some of the highlights:  First, there are new protections for the identities of former covert agents and for the operational files of the National Imagery and Mapping Agency or ``NIMA.''  Second, there are new counterintelligence authorities--these include provisions allowing access to government computers used in classified work by executive branch employees. Also, there are new requirements for the FBI to begin its consultation with agencies that they are investigating at a far earlier stage than before.  Third, we have established a commission to study the role and missions of the National Reconnaissance Office or ``NRO.'' This commission will look at the NRO from top to bottom--its findings and recommendations to us and the Senate Armed Services Committee will serve to guide our committees on the future funding and operations of the NRO.  I look forward to working with the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee to ensure that the best candidates are selected for membership on this very important commission.  If any Member of the Senate wishes to review the classified portions of the bill, they are available off the Senate floor.  Finally, Mr. President, there is a significant piece of legislation in this bill that is intended to go after foreign international drug traffickers and those that support their illicit activities.  Title eight of this bill, the so-called ``Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act,'' is modeled after the Executive Order that targets the assets of named Colombian traffickers and those that assist them in their trafficking activities.  Mr. President, I support strongly efforts to target and destroy significant foreign drug trafficking organizations. I have placed significant emphasis on counter-narcotics in this and every Intelligence Authorization bill since I became Chairman of this Committee. The record is clear.  The existing Colombian program has been highly successful. I would be the first to support the President if he chose to expand the program in a thoughtful and measured way. In fact, the Chief Executive already has the constitutional and statutory authority to do so. The President does not need this legislation to expand the scope of this program.  Accordingly, Mr. President, I, along with other Members of Congress, have expressed concern with this legislation because it may have some very serious unintended consequences for innocent American citizens.  Although the express language of the ``Kingpin'' legislation deals exclusively with foreign persons and entities, it will affect American citizens. Lurking within the seemingly innocuous language is the real possibility of unwitting and innocent American citizens being caught up in its global net. For example, an American business owner may be a joint venture partner with a foreign company that has been designated as ``supporting'' the activities of a foreign narcotics trafficker. Although the American person may be completely unaware of the illicit activities of their foreign partner, their own assets will also be blocked if they are jointly held.  The ``Kingpin'' legislation does not provide an opportunity for an American person to seek judicial review of the blocking of their jointly held assets. The result is that Americans may be deprived of their property without due process of law. Let me repeat that, Mr. President, Americans may be deprived of their property without due process of law.  Mr. President, I strongly support the expansion of this successful program. I do not, however, support depriving innocent Americans of their fundamental right to due process.  Many attempts were made to amend the ``Kingpin'' legislation in conference to make it clear that American citizens have an immediate avenue into Federal District Court should they be snared unjustifiably in this trap. Unfortunately, the sponsors and proponents of this bill in the House and Senate opposed any effort to clarify this fundamental American right. In fact, I have been told that if we were to expressly state that a United States citizen has the right to immediate judicial review, this would, quote, gut the bill, unquote. I disagree.  Thomas Jefferson said that our ``Bill of Rights is what the people are entitled to against any government on earth . . . and what no just government should refuse, or rest on inference.'' Mr. President, I also believe that our right to due process should not ``rest on inference,'' but rather we should state it clearly and without equivocation. We do not do that in this bill.  Mr. President, I fear that in our earnest to pass a ``tough drug bill'' we may have sacrificed part of our freedom. I applaud the sponsors and proponents of this bill for their dedication to protecting our shores from the scourge of illegal drugs. I caution them, however, that their enthusiasm may be dampened as the true implications of this legislation become known.  Notwithstanding my concerns, I am encouraged that the conferees did agree to include a provision in the so-called ``Kingpin'' legislation that creates a panel to study whether thesekinds of sanction regimes affect U.S. persons doing legitimate business with foreign partners, and whether there are adequate and fair remedies for honest U.S. persons.  I commend my colleague from Nebraska, Senator Kerrey, for suggesting this study and also for other areas of leadership on which I have worked with the Senator during my tenure on the Intelligence Committee. He will be leaving the Intelligence Committee at the end of this year whenever his term is up, and we will miss him because he has certainly been a friend, but he has also been a leader to put America's national security first and foremost everywhere it comes up.  In my opinion, we have put the cart squarely before the horse dealing with due process. I am confident that such a panel as I alluded to earlier will confirm my concerns and the concerns of others and make substantive recommendations that my well-meaning colleagues will ultimately acknowledge and I hope will be able to accept.  The conference committee worked closely together in a bipartisan fashion to produce the comprehensive intelligence authorization act. I urge my colleagues to support its adoption.  