 While we don't agree on everything, we agree on most things working on the Intelligence Committee.  I want to say this about the distinguished Senator from Nebraska who is the vice chairman of the committee. We have tried to work together on very tough issues in the Intelligence Committee and tried to bring them to the floor of the Senate together--not separately. I think it says a lot when we can do this. I certainly have a lot of respect for the Senator from Nebraska and enjoy working with him. One thing about him, he is candid, and that goes a long way on anything.  I think we have to devote our time and our effort in the Intelligence Committee and in the Senate to what works, what works best on basic intelligence gathering, as well as counterintelligence, where there is a shortfall.  In that spirit, Madam President, I rise in support of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1555, the Intelligence Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2000.  As chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, I am deeply disappointed that certain Members of the minority have decided to oppose this motion. I hope it will be short lived. The intelligence bill, I believe, isa balanced, thoroughly bipartisan piece of legislation that is critical to our national security.  Some Senators are objecting to the Kyl-Domenici-Murkowski amendment to restructure the Department of Energy, not the underlying bill. I am a cosponsor of that amendment, as is the distinguished vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, Senator Kerrey.  Basically, this is essentially the same proposal that prompted a filibuster threat when it first was offered to the Defense authorization bill back before the Memorial Day recess. At that time, the argument was, ``it's too soon, it's premature, there haven't been any hearings yet.''  Whatever the merit of those arguments at the time, I believe, they are wholly without merit today. The Intelligence Committee has held two open hearings on the Kyl amendment and DOE security and counterintelligence issues, including a joint hearing with the Energy, Armed Services, and Government Affairs Committees that more than 60 Senators had the opportunity to attend. The Intelligence Committee also held a detailed, closed briefing on the report of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board, also known as the Rudman report.  We heard testimony from Secretary of Energy Richardson twice, from Senator Rudman twice, and from the sponsors of this amendment.  I also should point out that, long before the current controversy, the Senate Intelligence Committee, on a bipartisan basis, identified problems in DOE's counterintelligence program and took steps to address those weaknesses. Most importantly, it sought to energize the Department of Energy to allocate the necessary resources, and take the necessary steps, to eliminate these vulnerabilities.  Since the Kyl et al amendment was first offered, the sponsors have negotiated extensively, and in good faith, with the Department of Energy in order to address the concerns that Secretary Richardson has expressed, without changing the underlying thrust of the amendment, which is to create a semiautonomous agency for nuclear security within the Department of Energy.  Last month, the need for action was dramatically reinforced by the publication of the Rudman report, entitled ``Science at its Best; Security at its Worst: A Report on Security Problems at the U.S. Department of Energy''--a report on security problems at the U.S. Department of Energy.  I commend former Senator Rudman and also Dr. Drell, and others, who were so involved in this work.  The Rudman report found among other things, that:       At the birth of DOE, the brilliant scientific breakthroughs      of the nuclear weapons laboratories came with a troubling      record of security administration. Twenty years later,      virtually every one of its original problems persists. . . .      Multiple chains of command and standards of performance      negated accountability, resulting in pervasive inefficiency,      confusion, and mistrust. . . .       In response to these problems, the Department has been the      subject of a nearly unbroken history of dire warnings and      attempted but aborted reforms.  Building on the conclusions of the 1997 Institute for Defense Analyses report and the 1999 Chiles Commission, the Rudman panel concluded that:       The Department of Energy is a dysfunctional bureaucracy      that has proven it is incapable of reforming itself. . . .       Reorganization is clearly warranted to resolve the many      specific problems . . . in the weapons laboratories, but also      to address the lack of accountability that has become endemic      throughout the entire Department.       The panel is convinced that real and lasting security and      counterintelligence reform at the weapons labs is simply      unworkable within DOE's current structure and culture. . . .      To achieve the kind of protection that these sensitive labs      must have, they and their functions must have their own      autonomous operational structure free of all the other      obligations imposed by DOE management.  To provide ``deep and lasting structural change that will give the weapons laboratories the accountability, clear lines of authority, and priority they deserve,'' the Rudman report endorsed two possible solutions:  One was the creation of a wholly independent agency, such as NASA, to perform weapons research and nuclear stockpile management functions; or two, placing weapons research and nuclear stockpile management functions in a ``new semiautonomous agency within DOE that has a clear mission, streamlined bureaucracy, and drastically simplified lines of authority and accountability.''  The latter option, or the second approach, is the one contained in the Kyl-Domenici-Murkowski; amendment. Examples of organizations of this type are the National Security Agency and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, DARPA, within the Defense Department.  The new semi-autonomous agency, the Agency for Nuclear Stewardship, would be a single agency, within the DOE, with responsibility for all activities of our nuclear weapons complex, including the National Laboratories--nuclear weapons, nonproliferation, and disposition of fissle materials.  This agency will be led by an Under Secretary. The Under Secretary will be in charge of, and responsible for, all aspects of the agency's work, who will report--and this is very important--who will report directly and solely to the Secretary of Energy, and who will be subject to the supervision and direction of the Secretary of Energy. The Secretary of Energy will have full authority over all activities of this agency. Thus, for the first time--yes, Madam President the first time--this critical function of our national Government will have the clear chain of command that it requires.  As recommended by the Rudman report, the new agency will have its own senior officials responsible for counterintelligence and security matters within the agency. These officials will carry out the counterintelligence and security policies established by the Secretary and will report to the Under Secretary and have direct access to the Secretary. It is very important that this happen. The agency will have a senior official responsible for the analysis and assessment of intelligence within the agency who will also report to the Under Secretary and have direct access to the Secretary.  The Rudman report concluded that purely administrative reorganizational changes are inadequate to the challenge at hand: They say: ``To ensure its long-term success, this new agency must be established by statute.''  For if the history of attempts to reform DOE underscores one thing, it is the ability of the DOE and the labs to hunker down and outwait and outlast Secretaries and other would-be agents of change--yes, even Presidents.  For example, as documented by Senator Rudman and his colleagues, ``even after President Clinton issued Presidential Decision Directive 61 ordering that the Department make fundamental changes in security procedures, compliance by Department bureaucrats was grudging and belated.''  At the same time, we in the Senate should recognize that our work will not be done even after this amendment is adopted and enacted into law. As the Rudman report warned, ``DOE cannot be fixed by a single legislative act: management must follows mandate. . . . Thus, both Congress and the Executive branch . . . should be prepared to monitor the progress of the Department's reforms for years to come.''  It is an indication of how badly the Department of Energy is broken that it took over 100 studies of counterintelligence, security, and management practices--by the FBI and other intelligence agencies, the GAO, the DOE itself, and others, plus one enormous espionage scandal--to create the impetus for change.  I am encouraged by what appears to be some progress toward getting to this bill. I think we all are seeking--and I hope we are--the same thing: A better and more secure Department of Energy. This nation must have no less.  I ask my colleagues: please, do not let the Senate become the lastes obstacle to reform at the Department of Energy.  Stop the delay. Vote for cloture tomorrow morning, and let's get on with the business of the people and make our labs safe for our future and our country.  I yield the floor.  