 President, there are few people in the United States Congress who are as familiar with war as is the sponsor of this joint resolution, my esteemed colleague from Arizona, Senator John McCain. I agree with the principles behind his resolution; that this Nation should not fight wars to a stalemate, it should fight them to win or not fight them at all.  Mr. President, for the past 6 weeks, American military forces have been participating in a NATO-led aerial campaign in the Balkans. In March, I voted to support the use of air power in this operation. It was my view then that the administration had already committed our forces to action. A vote against the President, when bombing was imminent, would have undercut our troops at the front. However, that is not the case with the resolution before us today. As a nation we have a choice to make. The choice should be an informed one. Our intentions in this operation have been noble and just. However, the boundaries of this conflict are not apparent to many in this body nor it seems to a majority of the American people. Before we give a blank check to the administration, I believe that the President should clearly articulate to both Congress and the American people the objectives and the national interest which require a resolution authorizing full scale war. To date he has not done so.  As have many of my colleagues, I have traveled to the region. I have been briefed by General Clark, spoken to troops in the field and visited refugee camps in Albania. There is no question that our military personnel are the best in the world and are doing an outstanding job under extremely difficult circumstances. However, I have grave concerns over NATO's ability to salvage the humanitarian situation through aerial bombardment and its policy of war by committee. I know that Senator McCain shares this latter concern. The United States led a coalition force during the Persian Gulf war. Yet in that war it was our military leaders and not politicians in Brussels who called the shots. Mr. President, we won the Persian Gulf war; we are not winning this war. My fear is that if we adopt this resolution now, it will be viewed as tacit approval of an overly bureaucratic and ineffective NATO command structure. The Senate can pass this resolution and authorize the President's ``. . . use of all necessary force and other means . . .'' but I fear the effect will be mitigated by the current command structure. It is a prerequisite that prior to any escalation of our involvement in this conflict, that NATO streamline its command structure and put professional soldiers back in charge.  A greater concern to me is the effect that this operation is having on the readiness of our military forces worldwide. Can we adequately defend South Korea, Taiwan, and Kuwait while waging a full scale war against Serbia? Some of the facts are alarming. We have no carrier battle group in the Western Pacific. The Air Force has committed one-third of its combat aircraft to the Balkans. The President has authorized the activation of over 33,000 reservists, including many Air National Guard tanker pilots from Birmingham, Alabama. The United States is still involved in an undeclared shooting war with Iraq. Last week, the administration informed the Appropriations Committee that the Nation's stated ability to simultaneously fightand win two major regional conflicts is tenuous at best. And finally, our intelligence resources are being stretched thin due to this crisis. In short, we are pushing the envelope of our military capabilities. It begs the question: Is there a vital national interest in the Balkans which necessitates a commitment of the bulk of our limited military assets and endangers longstanding strategic interests? I don't have the answer to that question. The answer must come from the President. He must make his case for war to the Congress and American people prior to the passage of any resolution authorizing full scale war. I urge him to do so. It is his duty as the Commander in Chief. The stakes are very high.  I close with a reaffirmation of my support for our military forces throughout the world, especially those personnel fighting in the Balkans. Like their predecessors throughout history, the Americans who today go in harm's way wearing the uniform of their country lead a noble pursuit. Their service is not just another job as some would have us believe. Regardless of the outcome of this vote, I pledge my continued support to those soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines, and Coast Guardsmen who are in the field as I speak today.  This resolution authorizes the President to, ``. . . use all necessary force and other means, in concert with United States allies, to accomplish United States and North Atlantic Treaty Organization objectives in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.'' I have no doubt that Senator McCain knows what it takes to succeed in a military campaign. I am confident that our military leaders know what it takes to succeed in a military campaign. However, as of today, this administration has demonstrated neither the vital necessity for, nor the capacity to successfully prosecute, a full scale war in the Balkans. I urge the Commander in Chief to execute the duties of his office and make that case before Congress and the American people. Until he does so, I cannot in good conscience vote to support Joint Resolution 20.  