 President, I think we need to make a couple of things clear today about the bill before us and why it is so important to so many people.  First, I am a strong supporter of free trade, trade that is free and fair. I believe this bill is completely consistent with those basic principles. But while we engage in free and fair trade, many countries in the rest of the world do not abide by those same principles. We have trade laws to address this, but, as the distinguished Chair knows, they are slow to address the kind of serious economic injury that faces many companies and communities in America.  We can't afford to lose more industries to illegal trade practices, particularly the two we propose to offer short-term support to today: oil and gas and steel.  Second, I believe this is a reasonable response to a terrible crisis that threatens more than just companies but whole communities across America. This bill does not propose quotas. Indeed, it is GATT legal, and it is intended to provide only a short-term loan guarantee.  This is not some radical idea. Federal loan guarantees are used every day in the farm industry, the housing industry, the small business community, and for foreign countries. So let's be clear about how anathema this is to our free trade principles, because we do this all the time.  Third, this program is not a Federal handout or Federal grant or Federal award or Federal subsidy which Congress provides daily and, I might add, to millions of companies and organizations and industries in this country. It is a short-term loan guarantee program that provides that every dime--yes, every dime--is paid back. Contrary to some representations, the risk of the default is not that great, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Based on these calculations of cost, however, the program has also been completely offset.  Finally, I think it needs to be reemphasized that this program is not going to solve long-term problems that may face some companies in this industry. That is not what this is about. It is about trying to minimize the serious economic side effects that illegal trade practices have exacted on several companies in the steel industries. If this program helps one company get through this tough time until our trade laws address these illegal practices, and if it saves one community in America, it will be worth it.  Mr. President, I believe Americans deserve to be treated fairly--and not inordinately suffer the consequences of our inability to minimize and protect against continuous and systematic illegal trade practices of other countries.  I urge my colleagues to support this short-term loan guarantee program, and I thank the Senators from West Virginia and New Mexico for their leadership in this area.  I yield the floor.  