 President, I rise today with my colleague Senator Bond, to introduce the Stealth Tax Prevention Act. Among the many powers given to Congress by the Constitution of the United States, the responsibility of taxation is perhaps the most important. The Founding Fathers rationale behind bestowing this power to Congress is that because, as elected representative, Congress remains accountable to the voters when they levy and collect taxes. Politicians are rightly held responsible to the public for producing fair and prudent tax legislation.  Three years ago, Mr. President, Congress passed the Congressional Review Act, which provides that when a major agency rule takes effect, Congress has 60 days to review it. During this timeperiod, Congress has the option to pass a disapproval resolution. If no such resolution is passed, the rule then goes into effect.  As you know, Mr. President, the Internal Revenue Service maintains an enormous amount of power over the lives and the livelihoods of the American taxpayers through their authority to interpret the Tax Code. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act, that Senator Bond and I are introducing along with Mr. Coverdell, Mr. Hagel, Mr. Kyl, Mr. Burns, Mr. Gramm, Mr. Ashcroft, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Abraham, Mr. Grassley, Mr. Helms, Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Grams, Mr. Cochran, Mr. Hutchinson, and Ms. Snowe, will expand the definition of a major rule to include, Mr. President, any IRS regulation which increases Federal revenue. Why? Because we need to return the authority of taxation to the United States Congress.  For example, if the Office of Management and Budget finds that the implementation and enforcement of a rule would result in an increase of Federal revenues over current practices or revenues anticipated from the rule on the date of the enactment of the statute, the Stealth Tax Prevention Act would allow Congress to review the regulations and take appropriate measures to avoid raising taxes on hard working Americans, in most cases, small businesses.  The discretionary authority of the Internal Revenue Service exposes small businesses, farmers, and others to the sometimes arbitrary actions of bureaucrats, thus creating an uncertain and, under certain cases, hostile environment in which to conduct day-to-day activities. Most of these people do not have lobbyists that work for them other than their elected Representatives. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act will be particularly helpful in lowering the tax burden on small business which suffers disproportionately, Mr. President, from IRS regulations. This burden discourages the startup of new firms and ultimately the creation of new jobs in the economy, which has really made America great today.  Americans are now paying a higher share of their income to the Federal government than at any time since the end of World War II. They, Mr. President, as you well know, pay State income taxes. They pay property taxes. On the way to work in the morning they pay a gasoline tax when they fill up their car, and a sales tax when they buy a cup of coffee.  Allowing bureaucrats to increase taxes even further, at their own discretion through interpretation of the Tax Code is unconscionable. The Stealth Tax Prevention Act will leave tax policy where it belongs, to elected Members of the Congress, not unelected and unaccountable IRS bureaucrats.  