 President, I want to talk about germaneness for just a minute. I know the point of order has not been made yet, but I want my colleagues to know that the Senators who could raise the rule XVI point of order are trying to characterize the bill's RABA provision as not germane to this bill. But before bringing this provision to the floor, we checked again with the Parliamentarian, and he indicated the defense of germaneness did, in fact, exist on this provision by virtue of legislative language in the House-passed text.  This language was not drafted with the goal of creating germane language. If my colleagues will recall, the rule XVI point of order was reestablished after this bill had been reported from committee and we did not need to modify the provision in order to make it germane. It is germane because it is germane, and it is consistent with rule XVI.  What my colleagues are asking--if they do this--is to rule against a provision that is clearly germane pursuant to existing Senate rules under rule XVI. I urge my colleagues to reject at that time, if that is done, that proposition and uphold the germaneness of this provision.  My colleagues have probably thrown a lot of smoke at you as to why you should not support the existing Senate appropriations provision, things such as preserving the genius of TEA 21. Some Western or public land States may get hurt under this provision, but do not let this confuse you.  Be careful, I would suggest, when Members argue jurisdiction and in the same breath claim that your State might--yes, I repeat, might--be disadvantaged by a provision, and then raise a point of order--if they do--rather than voting on the merits of the issue.  Why? Because what the Appropriations Committee has done is simple and straightforward and directly benefits every State. Let me be clear again. Every State will receive more money because of this provision because all the money will go directly to the States with fewer strings attached than it would otherwise.  In addition, the money will get to the States sooner, so they can tackle the most critical transportation problems without having to wait on some Washington bureaucrats to deem their problems worthy of Federal funding.  I believe it is clear that we cannot--yes, we cannot--always count on the Washington bureaucrats to be fair and impartial when making decisions about these discretionary highway funding issues.  In fact, I have here a General Accounting Office study--a copy of the study is on the desk--that shows that the Department of Transportation does not always follow its own policies when distributing discretionary highway funds and that the distribution process can be highly politicized.  The Appropriations Committee provision does not hurt Western or public land States in any way. Each of these States will have a guaranteed increase in highway funds, and they will get their money earlier. They can use these additional resources on public lands projects or whatever they want.  So why raise a point of order--if, in fact, they do--as I anticipate, instead of voting on the provision? Because the opponents know they are asking Members to vote against their own States' interests. They are hoping you will not see that if the vote is on the point of order.  What the Members objecting to the appropriations provision are asking you to do is forgo two birds in the hand, we might say, on the off chance that there might be a smaller bird in the bush somewhere else. Think about it. Not a very good deal, in this Senator's estimation, and not one which is in the best interests of any Senator's State. If you think so, check with your Governor in your State.  