 President, I will be brief.  First, I point to the fifth paragraph of the Greenspan letter to Chairman Gramm. It says, basically, that foreign bank-owned section 20 companies have substantially underperformed U.S.-owned section 20 companies. He goes on to say, ``The subsidy does not travel well.''  Are you suggesting the subsidy travels from New York to London but not London to New York? In other words, not from foreign banks to the United States? The Federal Reserve's own letter says the subsidy is nontransferrable.  Safety and soundness? In Chairman Greenspan's own words, he says:       My concerns are not about safety and soundness. It is the      issue of creating subsidies for individual institutions which      their competitors do not have. It is a level playing field      issue. Nonbank holding companies or other institutions do not      have access to that subsidy, and it creates an unlevel      playing field. It is not a safety and soundness issue.  That is Chairman Greenspan's own words.  Lastly, is this a power grab? This legislation makes the Federal Reserve the monopoly umbrella regulator. I do not have to educate the distinguished chairman, who is a smart Ph.D. economist, on the abuses of a federally sanctioned monopoly. He has talked about it since I have known him, and he is right on that.  My amendment would allow for competition for banks to choose their regulator. It does not mandate that any bank in the United States must conduct such activities in an operating subsidiary. It allows the bank to choose.  I am sure a free market economist like Senator Gramm understands more than I do the benefits of market discipline. Competition among regulators will not allow a national bank regulator to run amok.  Does Chairman Greenspan support the bill? Of course. We are granting him a monopoly. We are granting his successor a monopoly, whoever that is. I can't believe that Chairman Gramm, a distinguished economist in his own right, is advocating a monopoly.  This amendment I am offering will promote competition. It promotes choice. I hope my colleagues will support it.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  