 President, in my capacity as Chairman of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, I want to raise an issue of critical importance with my friend, the Chairman of the Budget Committee, Senator Domenici. Mr. Chairman, it has come to my attention that there is a substantial difference between the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) in terms of the estimated outlay costs of the highway and transit firewalls, as contained in the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (TEA-21).  As the Chairman is aware, TEA-21 effectively established the aggregate obligation limitations pertaining to our major federal highway and transit programs for the six years covered by TEA-21. Despite the fact that the CBO and OMB are required to strive each year to minimize differences in their outlay estimates for each program in the federal government, we find that there is a dramatic difference between the outlay estimates that CBO and OMB attribute to the cost of fully funding the firewalls for highways and transit in FY 2000. Specifically, the Congressional Budget Office's estimate of the outlays associated with the highway firewall is a full $772 million higher than the amount estimated by OMB. Similarly, the CBO estimates that the outlays associated with the transit firewall is a full $569 million higher than the level assumed by OMB. Taken together, there is more than a $1.3 billion difference between the two agencies' estimates.  It is my understanding that, for purposes of developing this budget resolution, the Chairman assumed the lower of these outlay figures for the highway and transit firewalls. I want to inquire whether the Chairman of the Budget Committee intends to score the Transportation Appropriations Bill for FY 2000 in an identical fashion when the bill is reported by the Appropriations Committee later this year. If the Transportation Appropriations bill is scored with the much higher outlay estimates associated with the CBO estimate, it is possible that the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee's entire outlay allocation could be needed solely to honor the highway and transit firewalls leaving little or no other resources for the needs for the Federal Aviation Administration, the Coast Guard, and the National Railroad Passenger Corporation.  This illustrates the danger of firewalls within budget functions. They create a perverse incentive for the Administration to underestimate the outlay impacts in order to shift budgetary resources to other priorities--but when the request comes to Congress it must be scored by CBO. Accordingly, the budget resolution and the appropriations bill run the risk of substantially higher outlay scoring on firewall accounts than the Administration assumed and accordingly must cut the firewalled functions or other discretionary programs to accommodate the increased outlays.  