 President, I also support the Kyl-Domenici-Murkowski amendment that is the pending business in the Senate.  I take just a minute to commend the Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl, and Senator Domenici and Senator Murkowski for working together on this very important amendment. It is important for the restructuring of our labs following the Rudman recommendation and others.  Most Members know the horror stories that have been going on for years and years. This won't solve everything, but it will be a positive step in the right direction.  I also note my colleague from Nebraska, the vice chairman of the committee, Senator Kerrey, and I both support this. That is unusual. We believe this is not a partisan issue. This is important for the Nation as far as national security is concerned. It is a step in the right direction. It is above politics, above party.  I mention again, as I did yesterday, the Rudman report, which was requested by the President of the United States, Bill Clinton, concluded that purely administrative reorganizational changes at the Department of Energy labs are inadequate, totally inadequate to the challenge at hand. He said:       To ensure its long-term success, this new agency must be      established by statute.  That is exactly what the amendment of Senators Kyl, Domenici, and Murkowski does.  As an indication of how badly the Department of Energy is broken, I only have to remind my colleagues it took over 100 studies of counterintelligence, security and management practices by the FBI, other intelligence agencies, the General Accounting Office, the Department of Energy itself and others, plus one enormous espionage scandal to create the impetus for change that is before the Senate this evening.  I think it is time for the Senate to act. I believe this is a good amendment. It is positive. It has been worked. I believe we will pass it.  Mr. President, I support the Kyl-Domenici-Murkowski amendment to restructure the Department of Energy.  I am a cosponsor of that amendment, as is the distinguished vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, Senator Kerrey.  By now, my colleagues are familiar with the findings of the Rudman report, entitled ``Science at its Best; Security at its Worst: A Report on Security Problems at the U.S. Department of Energy.'' But I think certain key conclusions are worth restating, because they underline the need for action.  The Rudman report found that:       At the birth of DOE, the brilliant scientific breakthroughs      of the nuclear weapons laboratories came with a troubling      record of security administration. Twenty years later,      virtually every one of its original problems persists. . . .      Multiple chains of command and standards of performance      negated accountability, resulting in pervasive inefficiency,      confusion, and mistrust. . . .       In response to these problems, the Department has been the      subject of a nearly unbroken history of dire warnings and      attempted but aborted reforms.  Building on the conclusions of the 1997 Institute for Defense Analyses report and the 1999 Chiles Commission, the Rudman panel concluded that:       The Department of Energy is a dysfunctional bureaucracy      that has proven it is incapable of reforming itself. . . .      Reorganization is clearly warranted to resolve the many      specific problems . . . in the weapons laboratories, but also      to address the lack of accountability that has become endemic      throughout the entire Department.       The panel is convinced that real and lasting security and      counterintelligence reform at the weapons labs is simply      unworkable within DOE's current structure and culture. . . .      To achieve the kind of protection that these sensitive labs      must have, they and their functions must have their own      autonomous operational structure free of all the other      obligations imposed by DOE management.  To provide ``deep and lasting structural change that will give the weapons laboratories the accountability, clear lines of authority, and priority they deserve,'' the Rudman Report endorsed two possible solutions:  Creation of a wholly independent agency such as NASA to perform weapons research and nuclear stockpile management functions; or  Placing weapons research and nuclear stockpile management functions in a ``new semi-autonomous agency within DOE that has a clear mission, streamlined bureaucracy, and drastically simplified lines of authority and accountability.''  The latter option is the approach contained in the Kyl-Domenici-Murkowski amendment. The new semi-autonomous agency, the Agency for Nuclear Stewardship, will be a single agency, within the DOE, with responsibility for all activities of our nuclear weapons complex, including the National Laboratories--nuclear weapons, nonproliferation, and disposition of fissile materials.  This agency will be led by an Undersecretary. The Undersecretary will be in charge of and responsible for all aspects of the agency's work, will report--directly and solely--to the Secretary of Energy, and will be subject to the supervision and direction of the Secretary. The Secretary of Energy will retail full authority over all activities of this agency. Thus, for the first time, this critical function of our national government will have the clear chain of command that it requires.  As recommended by the Rudman report, the new agency will have its own senior officials responsible for counterintelligence and security matters within the agency. These officials will carry out the counterintelligence and security policies established by the Secretary and will report to the Undersecretary and have direct access to the Secretary. The Agency will have a Senior official responsible for the analysis and assessment of intelligence, who will also report to the Undersecretary and have direct access to the Secretary.  The Rudman report concluded that purely administrative re-organizational changes are inadequate to the challenge at hand: ``To ensure its long-term success, this new agency must be established by statute.''  For if the history of attempts to reform DOE underscores one thing, it is the ability of the DOE and the labs to hunker down and outwait and outlast Secretaries and other would-be agents of change--even Presidents.  For example, as documented by Senator Rudman and his colleagues, ``even after President Clinton issued Presidential Decision Directive 61 ordering that the Department make fundamental changes in security procedures, compliance by Department bureaucrats was grudging and belated.''  At the same time, we in the Senate should recognize that our work will not be done even after this amendment is adopted and enacted into law. As the Rudman report warned,       DOE cannot be fixed by a single legislative act: management      must follow mandate. . . . Thus, both Congress and the      Executive branch . . . should be prepared to monitor the      progress of the Department's reforms for years to come.  Mr. President, it is an indication of how badly the Department of Energy is broken that it took over one hundred studies of counterintelligence, security and management practices--by the FBI and other intelligence agencies, the GAO, the DOE itself, and others, plus one enormous espionage scandal--to create the impetus for change.  Now is the time for the Senate to act.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  