 President, I rise in opposition to the Resolution of Advice and Consent to the Ratification of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.  Last Thursday, I testified before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, in my capacity as chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, to present my views on the ability of the Intelligence Community to monitor compliance with the CTBT. Today, I would like to make certain general observations, in addition to addressing issues involving CTBT monitoring and verification. By the way: monitoring and verification are different. Monitoring is objective. Verification is subjective; it involves determining the significance of information obtained through monitoring.  First, as a general matter, I believe that the treaty will serve as a stalking horse for denuclearization. I do not accuse all of the treaty's supporters of seeking that goal. Yet, a test ban agreement whose first operative sentence appears on its face to outlaw the explosion of nuclear weapons, even in a war of self-defense, surely raises profound questions about the long-term viability of any nuclear deterrent.  I fear that the treaty will both undermine and delegitimize our nuclear deterrent. When I say ``undermine,'' I refer to the effect of ratification of, and adherence to, this treaty on the weapons in our nuclear stockpile.  Senators Kyl, Warner, and others have ably addressed this issue in the course of the debate. I will not belabor it further, other than to cite, as others have, the conclusion of former Secretaries of Defense Rumsfeld, Cheney, Schlesinger, Weinberger, Laird, and Carlucci. These highly regarded public servants have determined that ``over the decades ahead, confidence in the reliability of our nuclear weapons stockpile would inevitably decline, thereby reducing the credibility of America's nuclear deterrent.'' This alone is reason for the Senate to withhold its advice and consent to the treaty.  With respect to delegitimizing our nuclear deterrent, Article I of the treaty prohibits ``any nuclear weapon test explosion or any other nuclear explosion.'' I understand that the U.S. Government does not view that prohibition as applying to the use of nuclear weapons.  The President's 1997 transmittal message to the Senate included an article-by-article analysis of the treaty. This analysis explains that the U.S. position in the negotiations was that ``undertakings relating to the use of nuclear weapons were totally beyond the scope'' of the CTBT. The analysis does not make clear whether all other signatories agreed with the U.S. view or whether they acquiesced in it or did something else. It is unfortunate that the CTBT text does not incorporate the U.S. understanding. We are asked to give our advice and consent to that text and only that text.  Article 15 of the treaty bars reservations, even one clarifying the meaning of Article I. Because the U.S. understanding of the scope of the prohibition on other nuclear explosions cannot be incorporated in a reservation to the treaty, the U.S. position may be subject to challenge as a matter of law. After all, one normally looks at negotiating history only if the treaty text is unclear. I hope the administration will address this issue to my satisfaction.  In the meantime, along with many other concerns about this treaty, I question the wisdom of negotiating an agreement that relegates our right of self-defense to the fine print.  I would also draw the attention of Senators to the language of the preamble to the CTBT. The administration points to the preamble for support for its narrow reading of the open-ended language of Article I. The administration notes, correctly, that the preamble does not refer to the ``use'' of nuclear weapons. In the administration's view, the treaty therefore cannot be read to apply to the use of nuclear weapons. Yet, a close reading of the preamble raises more questions than it answers over the ultimate purpose of the CTBT. I hope everybody shares my abhorrence of nuclear weapons. But merely wishing to put the nuclear genie back in the bottle will not accomplish that goal.  The one certainty about the CTBT is that, if ratified, the United States will obey it to the letter. Other countries' record of deception and denial with respect to nuclear testing is such that we cannot have the same confidence. And, in the world of the blind, the one-eyed is king.  I have supported well-negotiated, well-considered reductions in our nuclear forces. But it is a fact that the American nuclear deterrent has served our Nation well and has served the world well. The United States, under Democratic and Republican administrations, backed by a strong and credible nuclear deterrent, faced down the Soviet threat and served as a force for peace and stability around the world.  Therefore, Mr. President, I would not start down this path. Even if the Senate approved the CTBT today, it would be years before the treaty took effect. And by then, decisions would have been made affecting the future of our nuclear deterrent that may be irrevocable.  The second reason I intend to vote against advice and consent is that I am convinced that the treaty cannot achieve the goals its proponents have described: to prevent the nuclear powers from developing new nuclear weapons and to stop the proliferation of nuclear weapons.  While I cannot go into classified details, as my colleagues are aware, the Washington Post recently reported that Russia continues to conduct what may be low-yield nuclear tests at its Arctic test site. Russia reportedly is undertaking this action in order to develop a new low-yield weapon that will be the linchpin of a new military doctrine. These Russian activities are of particular concern. There is evidence, including public statements from the Russian First Deputy Minister of Atomic Energy, Viktor Mikhailov, that Russia intends to continue to conduct low-yield hydro-nuclear tests--that is, nuclear tests--and does not believe that these are prohibited by the treaty.  With respect to proliferation, Acting Undersecretary of State John Holum has stated that, with the CTBT in effect, it will be ``very difficult for new countries to develop nuclear weapons.'' Yet, Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet has stated that ``[n]uclear testing is not required for the acquisition of a basic nuclear weapons capability . . . [and] is not critical for a first-generation weapon.'' North Korea, Iraq, and Iran are seeking this kind of weapon.  Third, it is my considered judgment, as Chairman of the Intelligence Committee, that it is impossible to monitor compliance with this treaty with the confidence that the Senate should demand--I repeat, demand--before providing its advice and consent to ratification.  Simply put, I am not confident that we can now, or, in the foreseeable future will be able to, detect any and all nuclear explosions prohibited under the treaty.  I have a great degree of confidence in our ability to monitor higher yield explosions at known test sites. I have markedly less confidence in our capabilities to monitor lower yield and/or evasively conducted tests, including tests that may enable states to develop new nuclear weapons or improve existing weapons.  I should also repeat in this context North Korea, Iran, and Iraq can develop and deploy nuclear weapons without any nuclear tests at all.  With respect to monitoring, in July 1997, the intelligence community issued a National Intelligence Estimate entitled ``Monitoring the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Over the Next 10 years.'' While I cannot go into classified details, I can say that theNIE was not encouraging about our ability to monitor compliance with the treaty--nor about the likely utility of the treaty in preventing countries like North Korea, Iran, and Iraq from developing and fielding nuclear weapons.  The NIE identified numerous challenges, difficulties, and credible evasion scenarios that affect the intelligence community's confidence in its ability to monitor compliance.  Because the details are classified, and because of the inherent difficulty of summarizing a highly technical analysis covering a number of different countries and a multitude of variables, I recommend that Members review this document with the following caution: I believe that newly acquired information and other developments require a reevaluation of the 1997 estimate's assumptions and underlying analysis on certain key issues. I believe such a new analysis will increase concern about monitoring the CTBT. A preliminary summary of the Intelligence community's revised judgment was provided to the committee late last Friday. This document, along with the NIE and the transcript from last week's hearing is available to Members in S-407.  Proponents of the treaty argue, in essence, that we will miss no test of strategic significance. Despite the U.S. inability to monitor compliance at any test level, proponents place their faith in multilateral monitoring aids provided under the treaty: the International Monitoring System, a multinational seismic, infra-sound, hydro-acoustic, and radio-nucleide detection system; and the CTBT's on-site inspection regime.  Based on a review of the structure, likely capabilities, and procedures of these multilateral mechanisms, which will not be operational for a number of years, and based on the intelligence community's own analysis, I believe that these mechanisms will be of little value. For example, the IMS will be technically inadequate to monitor the most likely forms of noncompliance.  The IMS seismic system was not designed to detect ``evasively'' conducted tests. These are precisely the kind of tests Iraq or North Korea are likely to conduct.  In addition, the IMS suffers from having been designed with diplomatic sensitivities rather than effective monitoring in mind. Under the so-called ``non-discriminatory'' framework, no country will be singled out for attention. All countries--Iraq and Ireland, North Korea and Norway--will receive the same level of verification.  Lastly, it will be 8 to 10 years before the system is complete.  Because of these shortcomings, and for other technical reasons, I am afraid that the IMS is likely to muddy the waters by injecting questionable data into what will inevitably be highly charged debates over possible violations.  With respect to OSI, I believe that the onsite inspection regime invites delay and deception. For example, U.S. negotiators originally sought an ``automatic green light'' for on-site inspections. Yet, because of the opposition of the People's Republic of China, the regime that was adopted allows inspections only with the approval of 30 of the 51 countries on the Executive Committee. Proponents of ratification, especially, will appreciate the difficulty of rounding up the votes for such a super-majority.  I am troubled by the fact that if the United States requested an inspection, no U.S. inspectors could participate in that inspection, and we could send an observer only if the inspected party approved. I am also disturbed by the right of the inspected party to declare areas up to fifty square kilometers off-limits to inspection or to impose severe restrictions on inspectors in those areas.  I understand that these provisions mirror limitations sought by Saddam Hussein on UNSCOM inspectors. This leads me to believe that OSI stands for ``Option Selected by Iraq.'' Even if inspectors do eventually get near the scene of a suspicious event, the evidence--which is highly perishable--may well have vanished.  The recently-reported activity at Russia's Arctic test site raises questions both as to our monitoring capabilities and Russian intentions under the CTBT. The Washington Post reported that Russia continues to conduct possible low-yield nuclear tests at its Arctic test site. The Washington Post also reported that the CIA cannot monitor such tests with enough precision to determine whether they are nuclear or conventional explosions.  Mr. President, I have tried to convey some serious concerns about the practicality of this treaty, and that is extremely difficult to do in an unclassified forum and in such a short time.  I urge my colleagues, as they consider their position on this treaty, to immerse themselves in the details. For further information on treaty monitoring and the reported activities at the Russian test site, I urge Members to review the materials available in S-407.  In closing, Mr. President, I would like to make some general points.  First, I believe that, when foreign and national security policies come before the Senate, we must put the Nation's interests first.  Second, while arms control agreements may be useful to the extent they advance our national interests, they are not a substitute for sound policy. Good agreements are an instrument of good policy. Bad agreements, pursued for agreement's sake, do not serve our Nation's interests.  Lastly, some of my colleagues have held out the option of withdrawal from the treaty, should it be ratified yet somehow fail to lead to the Golden Age that proponents envision.  Let me be clear. If this treaty is ratified, there will be no turning back.  The history of cold war arms control agreements is instructive. In 1972, the United States signed the Interim Agreement on the Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, generally known as SALT I, together with the SALT I Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty.  On May 9, 1972, Ambassador Gerard Smith unilaterally declared that ``[i]f an agreement providing for more complete strategic offensive arms limitations were not achieved within five years, U.S. supreme interests could be jeopardized.'' He continued, ``Should that occur, it would constitute a basis for withdrawal from the ABM Treaty.''  In fact, no such agreement was reached in five years or in ten years or in 15 years. Not until 1991, almost 20 years after SALT I, when START I was signed, did the United States and the Soviet Union reach such an agreement. At no point did the United States invoke the Supreme Interest clause to withdraw from the ABM Treaty.  It is difficult to imagine the circumstances in which an administration would withdraw from the CTBT.  In closing, Mr. President, I believe that there are many reasons to oppose this treaty. The effect on our nuclear stockpile, the inability of the treaty to achieve its goals, and our inability to monitor compliance are each sufficient reason to withhold advice and consent to ratification.  