 President, today I rise to introduce a bipartisan bill with my colleagues, Senators Bayh, Bryan, Rockefeller and Bingaman. Entitled the ``Manufactured Housing Improvement Act,'' (MHIA) this bill is designed to modernize the requirements under the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974 and to establish a balanced consensus process for the development, revision, and interpretation of Federal construction and safety standards for manufactured homes.  Many do not realize that the majority of new manufactured homes of today are completely different from those of twenty or even ten years ago, and that this is the fastest growing segment of the housing industry. Today nearly one out of four new single family homes is a manufactured home, and the industry recently set a twenty-year sales record. There are good consumer-oriented reasons for this tremendous growth--manufactured homes offer quality and aesthetically pleasing housing at an average cost of $41,100, excluding the land. Today, manufactured housing has lowered the threshold to the American Dream of home ownership for millions of Americans, including first-time home buyers, senior citizens, young families, and single parents.  With 5.3 million American households in need of affordable housing, I believe it is imperative to update the laws that regulate the private sector solution to affordable housing. In order for the manufactured housing industry to remain competitive, Congress must modernize the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974.  My bill would do just that. MHIA would establish a consensus committee that would submit recommendations to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) for developing, amending, and revising the Federal Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards. In addition, the committee would be authorized to interpret the standards and recommend appropriate regulations. Consumers will still be protected by HUD because the Secretary will have absolute authority to reject any recommendations, for any reason, submitted by the consensus committee.  The Manufactured Housing Improvement Act would authorize the Secretary of HUD to use industry label fees for the administration of the consensus committee and the hiring of additional HUD staff in order to assure adequate consumer protection. The Secretary of HUD would also be authorized to use industry label fees to facilitate the availability and affordability of manufactured homes.  This legislation is a very significant step forward in that both consumer and industry groups such as the Seniors Coalition, 60 Plus, and the Council for Affordable and Rural Housing, the National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders, the North American Steel Framing Alliance, and the Community Associations Institute, along with the Manufactured Housing Institute and the Manufactured Housing Association for Regulatory Reform, have endorsed this legislation.  The industry participants have modernized the quality and technology of manufactured housing. It's time for Congress to modernize the laws that regulate an industry that provides affordable housing and contributes more than $33 billion annually to our nation's economy.  Similar legislation passed the House at the end of last Congress on a bipartisan basis under suspension of therules and has been introduced again this year. I hope this year the Senate will take the lead and send the MHIA to the House as soon as possible. 