 President, just for a few minutes I would like to address some of the overview, as I see it, of this Transportation appropriations bill.  Mr. President, after being delayed by the objection to the Transit Equity Provision, I am pleased that the Senate will finally have the opportunity to consider the fiscal year 2000 transportation appropriations bill. Although the subcommittee's funding allocation is tight, I believe we are presenting the Senate with a balanced approach to meeting our Nation's transportation needs by providing adequate funding for all modes of transportation.  At the same time, the senior Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Lautenberg, and I have gone to great lengths to craft a bill that I believe accommodates the requests of Members and funds their priorities.  The current fiscal constraints were especially felt in the transit account, where demand for mass transit systems is growing in every State. But funding is fixed by the TEA 21 firewall. My proposal for managing an account in which Members' requests were more than 20 times the available funds was the Transit Equity Provision.  This measure, which I included in the original subcommittee mark of the bill, would have limited the amount of transit capital funds any single State could receive in fiscal year 2000 to no more than 12\1/2\ percent of the total.  The two states that receive the lion's share of national transit funds--30 percent of the total in fiscal year 1999--are California and New York.  The provision would have redistributed any transit capital funds appropriated to these two states in excess of 12\1/2\ percent to the remaining 48 states. This would have resulted in approximately $5 million more for every other state, for their own transit programs--while New York and California would still have received more than $693 million each.  Last Thursday, however, the Senate failed to reach cloture on the motion to proceed to the transportation appropriations bill if it included the Transit Equity Provision, and I have agreed to strip the provision from the bill in order to move this legislation forward.  The equity provision is not central to the appropriations bill. The total program funding levels, which are set at the TEA-21 firewall limits, remain unchanged. I included the provision to help create more room within those totals for the national transit program.  My colleagues have written to me with new start project requests totaling $2.84 billion and with bus project requests totaling $1.8 billion.  If the appropriations bill honors all the current and anticipated full funding grant agreement projects and the bus earmarks for fiscal year 2000 that were included in the TEA-21 authorization, we have left only $96 million in new starts funding and $235 million in bus funding--to accommodate not only the billions of dollars' worth of requests from my colleagues in the Senate, but also the earmarks that have been included in the House transportation appropriations bill.  This task is beyond challenging: It is impossible. There is no way to begin to satisfy the demand for discretionary transit capital funds. I do not want this fact to catch my colleagues by surprise.  I bring this bill to the Senate floor today without the Transit Equity Provision. By engaging in a lengthy and public debate on this issue, as well as a recorded cloture vote, I hope that my colleagues are now more aware of the pressures on this account nationally, and that they better understand why I have so actively sought a way to provide funds for what I thought were my colleagues' transit priorities.  The bill honors our commitment to increase the flow of federal funds for construction to improve infrastructure throughout the nation.  Within the framework of a $49.5 billion total bill, $37.9 billion is provided for infrastructure investment in highways, transit systems, airports, and railroads. This is 6 percent more than last year's level of funding and is greater than the administration's request.  This bill respects the Highway and Transit firewalls that TEA-21 imposed. I would like to point out to my colleagues that we adhered strictly to the TEA-21 firewalls, even though outlays will be greater than the amount anticipated when Congress enacted TEA-21.  By providing the funds above the firewall level, there were fewer dollars available to fund other priorities within the subcommittee's jurisdiction, including the Coast Guard and FAA.  I believe this illustrates the pitfalls of trying to manage annual outlays in multi-year authorization legislation and is one of many reasons the Senate should reject a proposal to establish more budgetary firewalls around trust fund accounts.  I yield to my colleague under the unanimous consent agreement, the senior senator from New Jersey, the ranking member of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee.  