 President, I rise in opposition to the Bryan CRA amendment. This amendment not only strikes the small rural bank exemption that we have in the Banking Committee bill and that we adopted on a bipartisan vote, but it also replaces that language with a significant expansion in CRA--the same language Chairman Gramm and I vehemently opposed on the Senate floor this past year.  Community banks, as the Presiding Officer knows, by their very nature, serve the needs of their communities and do not need a burdensome Government mandate to force them to allocate credit or to originate profitable loans. And, contrary to the assertions of critics, there is no evidence whatsoever that the small bank exemption would have ``devastating consequences'' for low- and moderate-income rural communities. There remains no documented evidence to prove such an assertion, just as there is no tangible evidence that CRA has ever helped rural communities in America.  What is documented, though--and Chairman Gramm has worked tirelessly to do so--is the kinds of blackmail agreements and extortion practicesthat the Community Reinvestment Act enables community groups to engage in. The truth of the matter is that the small bank exemption would exempt less than 3 percent of bank assets nationwide. Thus, 97 percent of all bank assets would still be subject to the Community Reinvestment Act.  Just bear with me a minute on this chart. We have bank assets of $5.711 trillion. But banks above $100 million, rural and nonrural, control 97 percent of the bank assets in America. The small banks in America that we are talking about, those under $100 million in assets--there are 3,667 of them--control only $165 billion, or 2.9 percent of all the banking assets. Can you imagine? BankAmerica, for example, has $614 billion in assets. And I commend them for that. They are a well-run bank. But that is more than all 3,667 small rural banks in America put together; it is about 4 times more. So let's look at this in a realistic situation, as this chart here depicts.  Mr. President, critics will point out that the small rural bank exemption which I and Senator Gramm have in the bill would exempt 3,700 banks. That is true. But to put that into context again, and to reiterate, one needs to understand that BankAmerica, as I have just shown, is four times the size of all small rural banks in America.  Indeed, BankAmerica possesses $614 billion in assets, or 10.7 percent of all bank assets in this country. If one looks at the list of large banks, one will soon realize that the vast majority of bank assets are concentrated in the large, multibillion-dollar banks that can most easily shoulder the burden of CRA.  The assertions of those who oppose the small bank exemption that we have in the banking legislation also do not comport with the comments I have received from small banks across the country. In fact, I have many letters from small bankers who complain about the burden of CRA, as well as the regulators' subjective reporting requirements dealing with CRA.  I would like to take a moment to read some letters from some small bankers in Alabama. I believe they have a right to be heard. I will quote from some of these. The first one says:       I don't think, in these small community banks, that we have      to be examined by people who usually don't understand our      purpose, to enforce us to service our community * * *.      Small community banks are a Service Institution. I know      because I have just completed 39 years this month. All      this time in small home-owned banks that deliver services      that are essential to rural life. Where services have been      rendered over the years even before we knew anything about      CRA.  That was from Charles Willmon, chairman of the First Bank of the South in the small town of Rainsville, AL.  I have another letter, from John Mullins, president and CEO of First Commercial Bank of Cullman, AL, which says:       Exempting small banks would be a wonderful opportunity for      me to spend less time on unnecessary and nonproductive      paperwork and more time helping the citizens of my market      area improve their financial well-being . . . CRA examiners      spend many unnecessary hours examining our loan track record.      Banks our size are an integral part of the local community      and we are always sensitive to the needs of our citizens.      They are not faceless names, but people whom we know. We      don't need a law to require us to help them with credit, we      do it anyway.  I have another letter from a small banker in Clanton, AL. He is Leland Howard, Jr., of Peoples Southern Bank. He says:       We in the community banks feel that the CRA exception for      banks with aggregate assets of $100 million or less is a very      good start on the road to easing the regulatory burden.  I have a letter from John Hughes, CEO of First National Bank of Hartford, AL, a small town in south Alabama. He says:       Extra work created by the CRA is tremendous. Most rural      banks know at least 95 percent of all their customers, their      family, and their situation. The rating system that most      examiners used is highly subjective and the rural banks have      a hard time to achieve a grade higher than satisfactory.      Again, it would be a great day in Alabama if you . . . could      get this amendment passed.  Those are just a few letters, and they come from all over the Nation.  Mr. President, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond published its 1994 annual report on ``Neighborhoods and Banking,'' where it reported its findings on the costs of CRA. The report found:       The regulatory burden [of CRA] would fall on bank-dependent      borrowers in the form of higher loan rates and on bank-     dependent savers in the form of lower deposit rates. And to      the extent that lending induced by the CRA regulations      increases the risk exposure of the deposit insurance funds,      taxpayers who ultimately back those funds bear some of the      burden as well.  The report goes on to say that, basically, the CRA imposes a tax on banks. CRA, then, is a tax on community banks and raises the costs of inputs to banks by increasing their regulatory burden and compliance costs. Mr. President, in addition, CRA forces banks to make loans according to a Federal quota, increasing the risks, and therefore the costs, of borrowing to consumers. Make no mistake about it, the Community Reinvestment Act raises the cost of borrowing through higher loan rates and punishes savers in the form of lower savings rates.  Critics of the small bank exemption claim that small banks get the worst CRA ratings. The truth of the matter is that one size does not fit all in any business. These critics point to lower than average loan-to-deposit ratios of small banks as evidence that they are not serving their communities. That is nonsense. That is like saying the average male wears a size 42 regular suit and that every male in America who does not fit in that size suit should be reprimanded by the Federal Government.  Every community in this great country is different. Most of us take pride in such diversity. That is the foundation on which this country was built.  However, the Community Reinvestment Act punishes banks who do not comport with national averages. Indeed, the loan demand in Prattville, AL, is not the same as in Lafayette, LA. Nor is it the same as in Shelbyville, TN. Nonetheless, CRA judges banks based largely on their loan-to-deposit ratios that the regulators deem to be appropriate. That, my friends, is nothing but a quota. When everything is said and done, CRA promotes quotas and creates a regulatory burden.  As if that is not bad enough, Mr. President, the Bryan amendment would also expand the reach and the scope of the Community Reinvestment Act.  Specifically his amendment would:  One, increase administrative enforcement authority of the regulators to fine directors and officers up to $1 million a day for CRA noncompliance. Just think about that.  Two, it would make expanded activities subject to CRA compliance on all depository institution affiliates on an ongoing basis.  And it would give the regulators the authority to shut down any affiliate within the holding company if just one subsidiary depository institution falls out of CRA compliance.  The Bryan amendment dramatically expands, Mr. President, CRA enforcement authority to allow civil money penalties for bank directors and officers, as I have pointed out.  The amendment would require bank holding companies who seek to become financial holding companies to be compliant with the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 just in order to be eligible. If even one subsidiary depository institution ever falls out of compliance, the holding company, including the nonbank affiliate, would then be subject to section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, which is 12 U.S.C. 1818, which authorizes bank regulators to invoke cease and desist orders, civil penalties, and fines.  Regulators would be authorized to fine bank directors and officers up to $1 million a day. This, Mr. President, is a dramatic expansion in the enforcement authority and reach of bank regulators.  Such authority does not exist today. The Clinton Justice Department even agrees.  In late 1994, Comptroller of the Currency, Eugene Ludwig, tried to invoke the administrative enforcement powers under Section 8 of FDIA (12 U.S.C. 1818) to enforce CRA. The Justice Department issued a memorandum stating:       [T]o move from an enforcement scheme that relies upon a      system of regulatory incentives to a scheme that entails      cease-and-desist orders and potentially substantial monetary      penalties is a leap that we do not believe can be justified      on the basis of the text, purpose, and legislative history of      CRA. We therefore conclude that enforcement under 12 U.S.C.      1818 is not authorized by CRA.  Bank trade associations were very pleased with the Justice Department decision. The Bankers Roundtable, the American Bankers Association, the Consumer Bankers Association, and the Savings and Community Bankers of America, filed joint letters focusing in substantial part on the regulators claims of enforcement authority.  The Bryan amendment also permits regulators to force divestiture since banks cannot ``retain shares of any company'' if ever out of CRA compliance. This provision also explicitly states that a bank holding company may not ``engage in any activity'' unless the institution is CRA compliant always and forever.  Think about it.  If just one subsidiary depository institution of a financial holding company falls out of compliance with CRA, the substitute authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to ``impose such limitations on the conduct or activities of the company or any affiliate of the company as the Board determines to be appropriate * * * '' This, too, is a dramatic expansion of enforcement authority under CRA. For the first time, regulators will be able to impose restrictions on activities throughout the entire holding company. This means a bank regulator could prohibit a securities affiliate from underwriting securities or an insurance affiliate from underwriting insurance.  Regulators do not have such authority today. Currently, CRA only allows regulators to prohibit the merger, acquisition or branch expansion of an institution that is not compliant with CRA.  Current law does not give bank regulators the authority to prohibit eligible activities of a given charter due to CRA non-compliance. The Bryan amendment requires an operating subsidiary who wants to engage in agency activities to maintain CRA compliance on all depository institution affiliates.  Thus, non-banking financial agency activities would be held hostage to CRA, with the bank regulators given the authority to enforce such law. This is the first time CRA has ever been expanded to cover the approval of non-depository activities.  I urge my colleagues to vote against the Bryan amendment and support what is in the bill.  I yield the floor.  