 President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the nomination of James M. Simon, Jr., to be the Assistant Director of Central Intelligence for Administration. As part of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (S. 1718), the Senate Created the Office of the Director of Central Intelligence (ODCI), clarified the DCI's responsibilities for managing the Intelligence Community, and crated three new leadership positions in the ODCI: the Assistant Director of Central Intelligence(ADCI) for Collection, the Assistant Director of Central Intelligence for Analysis and Production, and the Assistant Director of Central Intelligence for Administration. According to the Act, the ADCIs were to be appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate.  At Conference, the House agreed to create the three new positions provided that the position of Deputy Director of Central Intelligence for Community Management (DDCI/CM) also be created as a position requiring the advise and consent of the Senate. Therefore the Conference Report included the three ADCI positions and added the DDCI/CM position within he Office of the DCI. The ADCIs report directly to the DDCI/CM. This new leadership structure was enacted into law by P.L. 104-293.  The intent was to create a ``Goldwater-Nichols'' equivalent legislation for the intelligence Community by breaking down the barriers to effective community management erected by the very powerful directors of various intelligence agencies. In many cases, these directors act unilaterally on the day-to-day decisions concerning collection, production, and administration within the Community. On May 22, 1998, the Committee favorably reported the nomination of Joan Dempsey to be the first DDCI/CM. The Senate confirmed her on May 22, 1998.  A great deal of the responsibility for management improvement within the Intelligence Community will lie with the Assistant Director of Central Intelligence for Administration. Therefore, the position requires a strong and determined individual that is prepared to confront and overcome the inevitable resistance of an entrenched and calcified bureaucracy.  Mr. James M. Simon, Jr., a career intelligence officer, was nominated by the President to be the first Assistant Director of Central Intelligence for Administration, and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence held open hearings on his nomination on February 4, 1999. On February 24, 1999, the Committee voted to favorably report the nomination of Mr. Simon to he full Senate.  Mr. Simon was born in Montgomery, Alabama on 1 July 1947. He is married to Susan Woods of Tuscaloosa, Alabama.  Mr. Simon was commissioned in the US Army in 1969, retiring in 1997 from the active reserve. Trained as a signal officer and in intelligence, he has commanded a SIGINT/EW company and has been operations officer of a psychological warfare battalion. He is a graduate of the Military Intelligence Officers Advanced Course, the Command and General Staff College, and has completed the Security Management Course from the national War College.  After discharge, Mr. Simon became a research intern at Radio Free Europe and served as teaching assistant to the Dean of the University of Southern California's Graduate Program in International Relations in Germany prior to returning to the United States to study for a Ph.D.  Mr. Simon has a B.A. in political science from the University of Alabama and a M.A. in international relations from the University of Southern California. He held both Herman and Earhart fellowships while pursuing a Ph.D at USC with emphasis in national security, bureaucracy, Soviet studies, and Marxism-Leninism. He has given lectures at Harvard, Cornell, Utah State, the Joint Military Intelligence College, the Command and General Staff College, the Navy War College, the Air War College, and the national War College. For two years, he taught Soviet war fighting at he Air University's course for general officers.  Mr. Simon left USC before completing his dissertation and joined the CIA in 1975 through its Career Training Program. He served briefly in the clandestine service before joining he Directorate of Intelligence's Office of Strategic Research as a military analyst specializing in tactics and doctrine. He served as chief of a current intelligence branch as well as of two branches concerned with Soviet military strategy, doctrine, and plans. From 1986 to 1990 he was in charge of the intelligence community organization responsible for asking the imagery constellation. In 1990, he was assigned as the senior intelligence representative to the US delegation for the Conventional Forces in Europe (CFE) Treaty in Vienna where he was principal negotiator for the Treaty's information exchange protocol. After ratification, in 1991, Mr. Simon was reassigned as Chief of ACIS Rhein Main in Frankfurt; the Community's facility responsible for the preparation, debriefing, and reporting of information gained by arms control inspection teams throughout Europe. In 1993, Mr. Simon became chief of a division in the Office of European Analysis and in 1996 was named Chief of the Collection Requirements and Evaluation Staff.  The Intelligence Committee believes that Mr. Simon is well qualified for this new position. Accordingly,I again urge my colleagues to support this nomination and vote in favor of the Nominee.  