BUMPERS. Not until I finish this statement.  This chart demonstrates what we spend for defense in comparison to our eight or nine most likely adversaries, Russia, China, North Korea, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Syria, Cuba--name somebody else. I do not care who you name. Our defense budget is twice as big as all nine of them put together. If you add NATO, twice as much as the rest of the world.  What are the proponents of the bill we are considering today proposing? That we add $7 billion to the defense budget.  We get so hairy chested around here when defense comes up. Everybody favors a strong defense. Nobody wants to ever be vulnerable. This is what you call piling on. You just cannot pile on enough money. Even the Pentagon is trying to shovel it back to us, and we will not take it.  I appreciate the Defense Department. When we have a crisis, I am glad we have aircraft carriers. I am glad we have all the sophisticated weaponry. All I am saying is, there ought to be some kind of balance, because it is not going to make any difference how much we spend on defense if we are not careful about what we are doing back home.  Mr. President, I saw a poll of high school seniors about 5 years ago. Who are your heroes? About the only one I can remember is Tom Cruise. I think Mr. T was on the list. It was a list of rock stars. Michael Jackson was high on the list. That is who the high school seniors revere in this country. Mother Theresa did not make it. The Pope did not make it. Poor old George Bush did not make it. Not even mom and pop.  Senators, can you imagine somebody asking you that question when you were in high school, who were your heroes? I would have popped out my father so fast it would make your head swim. You talk about a hero. I worshipped the ground he walked on. Mom and pop did not make this list. If we keep going the way we have gone this year in the U.S. Congress, Tim McVeigh and David Koresh will be on the list next year.  I am not trying to take the money away from the Pentagon with this amendment. I am simply saying the people of this body ought to be more thoughtful about where the real strengths of the Nation are. We ought to be more thoughtful about people who have not had the luck we have had.  I know a woman who is very wealthy and she is always saying, ``Can't everybody be rich and beautiful like me?'' The truth of the matter is, most people who have made it, and especially if you come from a town during the Depression with a population of 851, have had a lot of help. I did not become a Senator just because I am such a great person. I tell you why I did it. I did it because this same Congress, back when they were a little more sensitive about things like this, gave me a free education.  That is right. My brother went to Harvard. I went to Northwestern. My father was a poor man. He could no more have afforded that than he could fly to the Moon. I was fortunate and received a little Government help after World War II, and had a teacher who taught me to speak and read well, did something for my self-esteem. The main thing I did, and what most people that make it did, is choose my parents well.  Mr. President, I just want to say I am not trying to move money out of the Defense Department into any of these other programs. I am saying as a psychological thing we ought not to be sitting here and saying you cannot touch defense for anything, no matter how critical it may be.  If we continue the way we have started this year, and especially that Contract With America, this country is in for a terrible shock. That is not what the people were voting for, they wanted change, but this is not the change they were voting for, I do not think.  When they begin to feel the pain, they are going to begin to wonder what they voted for. I am telling you, if we keep going the way we are going now, trying to tinker with the Constitution, spending every extra dime we can get our hands on on defense, that age of know-nothingism back in the middle of the 19th century will be known as the age of enlightenment.  As you know I have such a reverence for the freedom of religion in this country, but there is a great quote of Isaiah, admonishing the Israelites when they got sort of cynical about all their people.  He said to them:       Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed,      judge the fatherless, plead for the widow.  Maybe that is just good for the Senate prayer breakfast or on Sunday morning. It does not seem to be terribly relevant here.  I yield the floor and reserve the remainder of my time.  