President.  Mr. President, we have heard a lot about supporting the troops. There are those of us who spent hours on this Senate floor trying to get resolutions passed to stop the President from sending American troops into Bosnia. We will not give those arguments again. We lost that battle. The President won by a very narrow margin and, although it was without the full support of Congress, was able to deploy the troops.  Now that the troops are there, we are going to support our troops. Those of us who argued and argued and attempted to pass a resolution of disapproval to stop the President from sending troops into Bosnia are now saying, now that the troops are there, we have to support our troops. For those Senators who really want to do it, this is the first opportunity you have to really support the troops.  If we do not pass the bill, then the troops that we have sent over there would not receive the 2.4 percent pay increase, they would not be able to have the 5.2 percent increase in housing allowance, and all the huge quality-of-life increases that are in this particular conference report. There is $1 billion more for operation and maintenance so that the troops are better trained. There is new technology that is going to allow better equipment to protect their lives while they are over there.  I suggest, Mr. President, that, if you oppose this bill, if you vote against this bill, it is a vote against our troops that are currently on the ground in Bosnia. If the President vetoes this, the President will have sent our troops into Bosnia and will have then turned around and said we are not going to send you the benefits, the technological advantages, and the equipment necessary to survive over there, or in any other conflict in the future.  I would like to make a brief comment about the defense authorization conference action concerning the B-2 bomber program. I am a proponent of the B-2. I believe its capabilities represent a true revolution in military affairs that the DOD is only on the verge of fully integrating into defense planning. I believe long-range quick strike aircraft are an essential element of the U.S. Air Force and the B-2 is the only tool we have to ensure this capability. A force of more than 20 B-2's will be required to achieve this situation. The defense authorization conference provides the funds to continue this necessary B-2 production.  The conference report language, however, states that the Senate conferees believe that the new funds provided may only be spent on items related to the first 20 B-2 aircraft. I was a Senate conferee and I want to go on record that I do not believe this, I did not agree to this language, and I expect these funds to be used for long-lead items to continue the B-2 production. I know other conferees share this view.  This is a vote to support our troops who are already in Bosnia.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  