President, some of my colleagues who have been complaining about the liberal eastern media should be aware that there are similar problems and concerns reflected in the local media in the very heartland of America.  As we approach a vote on the missile defense provisions of the defense bill which have been worked out among our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, I want to commend Senators for their good-faith efforts to reach a compromise on this very complex and contentious issue.  I supported the wording of the original bill that came out of the committee as a good start which recognized the threat and put us on the road to providing the real missile defense we need.  While I will vote in favor of the new compromise provisions, I am not pleased with the weakening of language and goals that this compromise represents. I am very hopeful that the language can be significantly strengthened when we get to conference.  We started out saying that we would deploy a national missile defense system. Now we are just going to develop for deployment a national missile defense.  This compromise urges deployment of theater missile defenses to benefit our deployed troops and allies, but only allows a missile defense for the American people to be developed for deployment.  We began by simply calling for highly effective missile defenses; we have now required that they be affordable missile defenses.  No one wants to waste money. But how will affordability be defined? How do we put a price on defending America from missile attacks?  The truth is that the term ``affordable'' will simply be used as a club by opponents of missile defense for whom the price of security is always too high.  The term ``cost effective'' will just be used to fight every dollar that we try to spend on missile defense from now on.  Cost effectiveness should not even be an issue--the destruction by one bomb of a single building in Oklahoma City cost $500 million. Imagine how much a limited strike by nuclear weapons will cost.  We claim to recognize that the era of mutual assured destruction is over. But instead of recognizing the reality that the ABM Treaty is a relic of the cold war and mutual assured destruction, this compromise requires negotiations with the Russian Government within the context of the ABM Treaty before we defend the American people from attack.  This is a much smaller step forward than it should have been. We should stop talking about developing options, and begin to deploy a national missile defense system.  The American people must know that the threat we face in the very near future is real and it affects all of us. It would be the height of irresponsibility if we were not prepared to meet this reality.  The challenge before us is to face the facts. Former CIA Director James Woolsey, who served in the Clinton administration and is no partisan advocate, has told us bluntly: Up to 25 nations either have or are developing weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them.  The CIA currently tells us that North Korea is now working on a long-range missile--the Tapeo Dong II--which may be capable of reaching Alaska and Hawaii within 5 years.  These are serious challenges. It is our duty to face them now and not blind ourselves by rationalizing that we can wait 10 more years or 20 more years. If we do, it may well be too late.  So it is my hope that when the defense bill gets to conference we will be able to strengthen the language so that we make it clear that we are proceeding on a course which will put in place a national missile defense system within 5 to 7 years.  In my mind, this is the least we can do to meet our highest constitutional obligation--the one without which no other obligations have any meaning--to provide for the common defense--the protection of our people, our freedom, and our country.  