President, I thank the very distinguished Senator from South Carolina, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, for yielding. I am proud to be serving with such a great American hero as Senator Strom Thurmond. It is such an honor to be in a position to be able to do that.  The speaker just before me from North Dakota commented about our priorities and what has happened to our priorities in this country.  I am very happy to stand here and announce that today--at least it is scheduled for today--should be the birth of a great American by the name of James Edward Rapert, who will be my third grandchild.  When you stop and think about what we are looking for in this country, what we are planning for, and what this administration is trying to do with all of the social programs that were mentioned by the previous speaker from North Dakota, at the expense of building a strong national defense, I wonder what is in line for someone like James Edward Rapert, who is coming into this country with a defense budget that is much lower than it was last year, with a defense budget that has fallen more than 40 percent over the past 11 years.  While I am rising in support of this conference report, I still say that it is inadequate to take care of this country's strategic interests. This bill does add $7 billion to the President's request. Congress is trying to fix what the President has been doing to our defense system. But it is still 2.3 percent less than we spent on defense last year.  I think it is very significant to realize and to understand and to say on the floor of this Senate that the President of the United States does have a defense plan. It is called the Bottom-Up Review. It started in early 1993, when President Clinton became President. He started reviewing what we need to defend this Nation. Mr. President, his defense budgets are still ranging from $50 billion to $150 billion less than his own program requires.  We have had more than 10 years, more than a decade of cuts in our Nation's security. In 1988, the Defense Department bought 438 combat aircraft. This year it will be 34--and the administration only wanted 12.  The citizens of Oklahoma sent me to Washington to try to restore America's defense and not to watch the budget continue to fall, over and over and over again. I intend to support this bill, but I am hoping next year we can do a better job.  Let me cover a couple of things that were mentioned by the previous speaker.  First of all, I am very proud that this bill has a little bit of money in there to sustain a program that was put together some time ago so that we would have a national missile defense system in place by the year 2000. The previous speaker used the term ``star wars.'' That is kind of a fun term to use because that makes people believe that this is kind of a Buck Rogers program --some kind of a science fiction program where you build this dome over the country against some type of attack. But we know that this is not science fiction, but a reality--we are $4 billion away from establishing a credible defense for the American people against ballistic missiles. I remind my friend from North Dakota: former CIA director Jim Woolsey has said: ``We know of between 20 and 25 nations that either have, or are building, weapons of mass destruction, either chemical, biological, or nuclear, and are working on the missile means of delivering these weapons.''  Maybe I am a minority, but I am willing to believe that we can document a case where the threat to this country is greater today than it was during the cold war. During the cold war, we knew who the enemy was. It was the Soviet Union. So we could watch them. Now we know that while there is no longer a Soviet Union, there is a Russia, there is a China, and they have this missile technology. There is every reason to believe that they are selling missile technology to places like Iraq, Libya, Iran, and other places--North Korea is working on the Taepo Dong II missile right now. That missile--our intelligence sources tell us, it is not even classified--should be able to reach both Hawaii and Alaska by the year 2000 and the rest of the continental United States by the year 2002, and we do not have a national missile defense system in place.  The previous Speaker keeps using the figure $48 billion. I have refuted that over and over and over again on the floor of the U.S. Senate because it is not $48 billion. We have a $38 billion investment already in the Aegis system that is already deployed. It is already out there; 22 Aegis ships with missile launch defense capability. With only approximately $4 billion more, we could take that Aegis system and give that the capability of knocking down missiles coming into the United States. It is not $48 billion. We are talking about $4 billion more, and we can do that just by protecting an investment that is already there of $38 billion. That was money well spent, but this bill puts us in the position where we are going to actually do something about protecting ourselves against missile attack.  I wish there were more time to talk about that, but there is not, because this missile has too many other things that we need to talk about.  The B-2 has taken a lot of hits. The very distinguished Senator from Idaho, Senator Kempthorne, characterized the B-2 as the ``most fantastic aircraft built.'' I agree with him. I think it is an incredible aircraft--and it is the only one that can carry out a mission that this country needs to be able to accomplish. This bill adds $493 million for continued B-2 production. The restrictions on the number of aircraft, and the restrictions on purchasing long lead items, have been lifted. That means that, while we are in a position prior to this particular bill, or this conference report, of cutting off production and being terminated at 20 aircraft, we can now go beyond 20, if we determine that is in the best interest of the Nation's security. Right now we are working on the 16th B-2 bomber. When this rolls off, we still have four more that will be produced. But we have $125 million left in the previous program to take care of that. That money will, of course, be most likely used by March 31 when the moneys that we are talking about now would go into production. It will be a lot cheaper to keep a program going than to go through the very expensive restart program for the B-2.  I agree in this case with the Secretary of Defense when he said, ``Because potential regional adversaries may be able to mount military threats against their neighbors with little or no warning, American forces must be postured to project power rapidly to support the U.S. interests and allies.''  The B-2 provides rapid, long-range precision strikes anywhere in the world on short notice and without refueling.  I have often thought to ask those individuals who argue against the B-2--what happens if we cut it off? What happens if we just discontinue the program, as many would like to do, at 20 aircraft? The Pentagon's long-range bomber study suggested earlier this year that we can rely on the existing B-52 until the year 2030. Mr. President, the B-52 would be 70 years old by that time. I think when you talk about cost effectiveness, two B-2 and four crewmen can do the job of 67 aircraft and 132 crewmen, and we can no longer rely on the B-52 for our future bomber needs.  I am pleased that Congress has had the wisdom to continue to support the B-2 bomber program. And I look forward to providing it further support in the future.  