 At the risk of sounding redundant, I do not feel badly about that because the Senator from North Dakota has been redundant in his discussion of this effort to take the money out of our national defense system.  I think what we need to do is be sure we understand that we have voted on this amendment before. This amendment has failed before. This is the same amendment. It is not changed at all. It is taking $300 million out of what we feel is necessary to put ourselves in a position to have a national missile defense system of some sort by the time the threat is here by the year 2000.  The assumption from the Senator from North Dakota is that there is no threat out there, that the cold war is over and the threat is no longer there. Yet at the same time, the former security adviser to the President of the United States, Jim Woolsey, has said we know between 20 and 25 countries that have developed or are developing weapons of mass destruction either nuclear or chemical or biological, and they are developing the missile means of delivering those weapons. Five of those countries are North Korea, Iraq, Iran, Libya, and Syria.  We learned in the Persian Gulf war that the technology of the short-range missiles is there. It is a reality. It works. The Scud missiles were aimed at Israel and Saudi Arabia and our United States troops. In fact, 28 of our troops, the largest single casualty in one incident, was the result of a Scud attack.  The CIA has now said the Taepo-Dong I intercontinental missile should be ready by the year 2000, and it is ironic that the two managers this afternoon are from Hawaii and Alaska. The Taepo-Dong I intercontinental missile would have the capability of reaching both of those States by the year 2000.  It is something that is here. It is upon us now. Even though the CIA came out and said a long-range missile is not likely, not likely by the year 2005, not likely is not enough security for me to ignore the fact that we have a $38 billion investment in a system that could be ready for deployment in the year 2000.  We have talked about this before, but the threat is very real. The intelligence community agrees that the threat is real.  As I asked the Senator from North Dakota when we debated this earlier, what if you are wrong? What if it is the year 2000 instead of the year 2005? We have an opportunity right now. This is not Star Wars. This is not a fantasy. This is a technology that is here today, with a combination of land-based missiles, Aegis missiles, the 22 ships we have that are ready for the upgrades.  This is a system that can be improved upon now. We can come up with at least a modest method of defending ourselves by the year 2000.  For those who may have seen on television from my home State of Oklahoma the devastation that took place with the Murrah Federal Building, standing outside as I was, on April 19, 20, and 21, not knowing how many people were alive and dead in that building, and you multiply that disaster by 1,000, that is what we are potentially faced with.  All we are trying to do is keep the $671 million to keep the development going so we can be ready by the year 2000 in the event the threat is there at that time. It is very reasonable.  I urge my colleagues to vote against it as they did before on the Dorgan amendment.  