President, I have been very disturbed during the debate on the defense supplemental appropriations. I just wanted to make a couple of comments not directly addressing the Kassebaum amendment but the appropriations itself.  I really believe this is one of the few times that I can stand here and say I do not know for sure how I am going to vote on this. I am a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. When I was in the House of Representatives, I was a member of the House Armed Services Committee.  I find that we are in a way endorsing what I refer to as a flawed foreign policy when we come up in our forces to have supplemental appropriations to pay for various maneuvers and various missions that our military has pursued while we clearly disagree with those. As an example, I would suggest that, if the President had come to Congress, or to the Senate, and said is it going to cost $17 million to send troops to Rwanda, we probably would say ``no'' and we would not have to incur these costs.  The same thing would be true in Somalia--recognizing that in Somalia we originally sent them in December, under a previous administration, however. I think they were sent over for a humanitarian mission not to exceed--I believe it was--90 days initially. Then after that, each quarter we would have resolutions in order to try to bring the troops back home. That ended up costing $17 million.  If the President had come to Congress and asked Congress to appropriate $312 million to send troops to Bosnia without a well-defined mission there, certainly not having anything to do with our Nation's events, without having anything to do with our Nation's security, I suggest we would have said ``no.'' The same thing is true; $367 million to Cuba, and then there is Haiti. This appropriation is going to have $595 million to support what nobody really knows we are doing in Haiti. I can assure you, Mr. President, that if the President had come to Congress and said we are going to ask you for $595 million so we can send troops into Haiti to help them with problems they are having, it would have been rejected. So here we come along later and are forced to do it.  I hesitated in voting against it, Mr. President, because it is not the military's fault. It is not their policy. They did not decide to go into Haiti. It was not their idea to go to Somalia, Bosnia, or Rwanda. If we do not do this, they are going to be forced into taking it out of their personnel accounts, their operation accounts, R&D accounts. And there are no spare dollars right now in any of those accounts. In fact, we are operating under a budget in this fiscal year that is comparable to the budget we had in 1980 when we could not afford spare parts.  So I have sat in these meetings and talked to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as well as the Chief of Staff in the various services. I listened to them about the problems they have right now with their budget, in trying to keep America strong. I cannot conscientiously say take it out of our R&D budget just because I disagreed with the missions for which this money is being spent.  So, Mr. President, I wanted to get on record that I am very disturbed with the system. I hope we can establish some type of a system where those of us who are going to be asked to appropriate the money to pay for these missions will have some voice in making the decisions as to what we are doing with our armed services.  I yield the floor.  