President, I thank the Senator from Wyoming for yielding.  I think he said it right. This is really a historic day, a day we have been waiting for--many Members--for years, since the 1960's, when this country decided that the Great Society days were coming in and Government would play an expanded role, and that we would be able to take care of everyone from birth to death.  A lot of people realize that this cannot be done. The resources are not there. The money was not there, so we borrowed it.  Over the years, we have established huge deficits and huge debts. Finally, today, we will be passing a budget resolution that is going to put the United States in a position to balance the budget by the year 2002.  In other words, we will be in a position where we will have eliminated our deficit at that time, and then can start paying off this huge, huge, debt that is out there.  A lot of things happened in the last few weeks. President Clinton submitted a budget to this body. It was a pretty big spending budget resolution. It went down by a margin of 99 to 0.  Then a short while after that, the Republicans came forth with essentially what we will be voting on today and passed it. This was a resolution that would eliminate our deficit by the year 2002.  A week after that, the President came with another resolution that would have had the effect, he said, of eliminating the deficit by the year 2005. Until we started looking at it. The Congressional Budget Office looked at it and said, well, wait, in the next 10 years, you will be increasing the debt by about $200 billion a year. When I multiply that out, that would be a $2 trillion increase in our Nation's debt by the year 2005. That is certainly not bringing the deficit under control.  I would like to quote the President. During the speech that was made to a joint session, the President came out and talked about what he was going to do with the deficit. He praised the Congressional Budget Office by saying,       Well, you can laugh, my fellow Republicans, but I'll point      out that the Congressional Budget Office was normally more      conservative in what was going to happen and closer to right      than the previous Presidents have been.  Yet it was the CBO that came out and said that it was a phony budget resolution, that it did not reduce the deficit. It certainly did not reduce the deficit.  This is an exciting time. We have heard over the last few months of debate that this is not a fiscal issue that we will be dealing with today. This is a moral issue, in that someone who is born today--like young Daniel that was born, and his new father, standing proudly behind me, the Senator from Pennsylvania--young Daniel, in his lifetime, would have to pay 82 percent of his lifetime earnings if we stayed on the track that we are on today to the Federal Government. This is something we are not going to allow to happen.  I am very proud, Mr. President, to be here today and be able to say, finally, a historic moment has arrived. We are participating in it. I am very proud of the participation of the 11 freshmen, the new Members of the U.S. Senate, who participated in putting this together.  Today is an exciting day. I thank the Senator from Wyoming for yielding to me.  