 If you will forgive me for this observation. I have been watching the debate on this most significant bill. It seems as if we have been hearing from no one except lawyers. And I do not want to lose sight of the fact that this bill is not so much a legal reform as a potential of being the largest jobs bill passed in probably a decade.  When the Senator talks about the football helmets, there are so many products that used to be produced exclusively in America that are not produced here any more for that one very reason. You mentioned football helmets. I could name a number of things.  But what comes to my mind, in the real world, I was in the field of aviation. In fact, I have the distinction of being the only Member of Congress to ever fly an airplane around the world.  I remember, when I did that, going across Europe and seeing where all of the aircraft are being made today that used to be made in America. Prior to 1980, we manufactured about 17,000 single-engine aircraft each year. In the last 4 years, we have averaged about 400 a year.  And there is not any big mystery as to why that happened. It happened because you cannot be globally competitive and offset the costs of product liability.  In fact, in the other body, when I was in the Aviation Subcommittee, we had a bill up that we were successful in getting passed finally this last year, the Aviation Revitalization Act of 1994. We had testimony from Beech Aircraft that the average cost to offset the exposure of product liability was $83,000 a vehicle. Obviously, if you are talking about a large jet aircraft, that $83,000 is not all that significant. But when you are talking about a single-engine plane or a four-passenger aircraft, you cannot be competitive.  We actually had the repose bill that I think you remember and you were participating over on this side on it.  I remember when Russ Meyer, who is the president of Cessna Aircraft, testified before our committee. Now this is a product liability bill that did one thing. It said that once a manufacturer of an aircraft or of aircraft parts had had that aircraft or those parts functioning as they were designed to function for 18 years, beyond that point they could not be held liable for something that went wrong with the product.  They had some exceptions to it. That seemed to be very reasonable. Russ Meyer, the president of Cessna Aircraft, said on the record, ``Inhofe, if you pass that bill, we at Cessna Aircraft will start manufacturing single-engine aircraft which we quit manufacturing in 1986 and we commit that we will manufacture 2,000 airplanes in the first year after the bill is passed after our tooling up.''  That is exactly what has happened. You might remember when Piper Aircraft went into bankruptcy. There was a news conference. The president of Piper said that the reason they went into bankruptcy was because they could not be competitive on a global basis. In fact, they even suggested they could move their tooling up to Canada and make the same airplanes and make a profit, while they could not in this country.  Anyway, as a result of all that, we were successful in passing that bill. I remember when it started out as being a 12-year repose and then went to 15 years. When they finally agreed to settle on 18 years, I went to the underwriting community and said, ``I think that is too long.'' They said, ``No.''  The point is there has to be some point in the future in which lawsuits cannot be lodged against manufacturers. It is now a reality. Since that time, Cessna Aircraft has done what they said they would do, they are producing aircraft.  I have heard estimates as to how many jobs will be created nationwide, and it is in excess of 25,000 jobs, just in one industry where product liability reform was the cause of the increase in jobs.  We know in Kerrville, TX, Mooney is now increasing their production rate by 40 percent. We know that Unison is now making electronic ignition systems. In my State of Oklahoma, there is a single-engine manufacturer whose first model will be coming off the assembly line in the next few weeks. It is a composite single-engine airplane. We know in Nowata, OK, they are making cylinders, all because of one thing. We reformed product liability in one industry and that industry happened to be the aircraft industry.  So I think sometimes when we become too theoretical and try to guess what the future will bring if we do this, this is an actual case as to how many jobs in America are being created as a result of product liability reform only in one industry.  I was very glad to be a part of that, and you were, too. I certainly think that is the most convincing evidence that we should expand that to other manufactured items.  