President, I rise in strong support for the Congressional Accountability Act. I really cannot believe that we are debating this issue as if it is something we might or might not do in light of what happened on November 8. It is this kind of reform which will help restore Congress as the truly representative body it was intended to be.  The fact that Congress has routinely exempted itself from laws and regulations which affect virtually every other person, business, and organization in the land says volumes about the arrogance of power, about the insulation of Washington from the real world, about the gulf which has come to exist between the people and those who are elected to represent them.  [[Page S454]] The Congressional Accountability Act is closely related to several of the other things that were discussed in the Contract With America, such things as overburdened regulations, such things as term limitations.  You know, many of us in Congress have our own stories that we can tell from back in the real world. I was, among other things, a developer. I can remember one time, in order to get, down on the coast for a six-story development, a dock permit, I had to check with 26 Federal and State agencies in order to get that permit. It could have just as well been done with one.  And I think therein lies one of the better arguments for term limits. The fact if you have people who are out in the real world and know what the tough regulations are and what they do to your competitiveness, then they would not behave the way they do.  I understand that earlier today our colleague from Iowa told the story about George McGovern. And I remember that so well, because I was there when the statement was made that after a lifetime in public service he had this burning desire to fulfill a lifetime dream and build that hotel. I guess it was in Connecticut. And he built it. And then, before he knew it, the health department started beating him up, the IRS started beating him up, and the EPA started beating him up, and he went into, I believe, Chapter 11. I would have to paraphrase him. But the exact quote was given by the Senator from Iowa this morning, the thrust of which is, If I had known how tough it was in the real world, I would have voted differently when I was in the U.S. Senate.  Mr. President, to take another example. We ought to recall the very illustrative experience that one of my colleagues from the other body, Representative John Boehner, experienced, where he invited an inspector from OSHA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, to come in and look at his three-room office that he had there in the, I believe it was, Cannon Office Building. When they did, they found six safety violations, including a lack of an evacuation plan.  I might suggest to my colleagues that if we do not pass this bill, we might all want to install an evacuation plan in our offices.  They went on to look at some of the other areas of Government right here in the Capitol, I believe, in the Architect's Office. They said that in the event that we had to comply with the OSHA requirements, that it would cost over $1 million to come up to compliance.  And there is a historic precedence for this. James Madison, in his writing in 1788 in the Federalist Papers, said:       Congress can make no law which would not have its full      operation on themselves and their friends as well as on the      great mass of society. This has always been deemed one of the      strongest bonds by which human policy can connect the rulers      and the people together. Without this communion of interests,      every government degenerates into tyranny.  Those like Madison who wrote our Constitution intended that Members of Congress would not be part of some elitist aristocracy, out of touch with the people, insulated from the real world. Rather, they intended Members of Congress to be themselves the same farmers and shopkeepers and business men and business women and merchants who expected to deserve the Government that we finally got--``of the people, by the people, and for the people.''  With this reform, this Congressional Accountability Act, we will take one small step following so many others in our history to help ensure that such a Government shall not perish from the Earth.  This reform, like our reform of the discharge petition process--Mr. President, you remember that well from the other body--will serve as a predicate for many other reforms that we surely will be considering and are really adamantly demanded by the people as a result of the revolution of November 8.  I cannot imagine there is one Member of this body who would go back to his State and look a constituent in the eye and say, ``We will take care of you. We know what is best for you. You just do what we say. And yet, that is not going to apply to us. You know, we live in an ivory tower with impenetrable walls, so we are insulated from many things that you folks are not insulated from.''  This eliteness was shot down in the revolution of November 8.  So, Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this measure.  I yield the floor.  