But what we witnessed a short while ago should defuse that because we now have the majority leader of the United States Senate supporting the President in his effort in sending American troops into Bosnia on the ground.  I listened briefly to the Senator from Texas, Senator Hutchison, and I concur in her remarks. There certainly are no two people I have higher regard for, in terms of their war record and patriotism, than the Senator from Arizona, Senator McCain, and the Senator from Kansas, the majority leader, Senator Dole. However, I think there is an honest difference of opinion here.  I think what the President has been attempting to do seems to be working. But what the President has been doing is staying out of the fray until troops can be deployed long enough and far enough into Bosnia that it puts us in the position of where we are going to have to support the effort because we are supporting the troops. I do not buy that.  I think you can support the troops--and I will always support the American troops, wherever they are, anywhere in the world. But if we have the option right now of stopping the deployment of troops into Bosnia, it is our moral responsibility to do that. And I believe that option is still there.  I said this morning on this floor that there are not going to be any free rides on this one. We are going to have a vote, not a vote on a soft resolution saying, well, we oppose the effort but we support the troops, we are going to have a vote on whether or not we send our troops into Bosnia.  The environment in Bosnia is not one the likes of which we have seen in any of the wars that we have been involved in because we have always been able to identify the enemy. You cannot identify the enemy. Sure, we have chosen sides. We have been supplying the Croatians and the Bosnian Moslems against the Serbs now for quite some time. I think perhaps that was not the right thing to do, but nonetheless we have taken sides. We have taken sides through our air attacks.  Now it looks as if we are going to deploy troops over there to take sides. But who are the good guys and who are the bad guys? In this case we do not know. You might say, well, this year--any snapshot in history would give you a different answer to that question. There was a time when clearly the Croatians would have been the bad guys and a time when clearly the Serbs would have been the bad guys. But here we have more than just three major factions. We have many, many elements. We have rogue elements. And some of these elements are Serb elements, some are Moslem elements, such as the Black Swans. That is a rogue element. Nonetheless, they are there.  We are sending troops into an environment where only in this morning's newspaper we see a quote from the guy who is working directly for the general with whom I have spoken in the very sector where we are proposing to send our troops, General Haukland from Norway, where they say that there are literally millions of mines all throughout that area--millions. Not 10, not 100, not 1,000--millions of mines of all sizes, all shapes. And we do not know where they are. They are now in a position where, even though they have been going centimeter by centimeter trying to defuse these mines, we are now in a position where the winter is setting in, the ground is frozen, the snows are coming, and there is not any way in the world that we are going to be able to protect our troops that are going over there from stepping on these mines.  Remember, just a short while ago we were faced with a similar situation down in Nicaragua. And what were most of the losses? They were from mines. And the amputees were the result of what was happening.  Now, that is what we are faced with again. Only in today's newspaper, this is happening right now. We have already sent troops over there. I know that the President is hiding out in Europe. He is going to stay there until we have more troops. Then he will come back and say, ``Now you have to go with me because we have to protect our troops that are over there.''  Madam President, our troops are not there yet. We only have a few there. But a lot are on their way. I went to the training area in Germany of the 1st Armored Division. I know they are training them to go. They are going to go up through Hungary and then come down south through the Posavina corridor and into the Tuzla area.  When you look at that area, there has never been an area anywhere in the world that is so conducive to guerrilla warfare. There has never been an area in the world that has more guerrillas in it that are not identifiable. We have identified nine rogue elements that are there that are not even related in any way to anyone who was around the table in Dayton, OH.  So, Madam President, I just wanted to be sure that it is crystal clear that I do not stand alone. There are many others who feel just as strongly as I do that we are going to do everything we can to stop this mass deployment of troops into Bosnia. It was a bad idea 2\1/2\ years ago when the President first started talking about it, when he took sides and started airdrops. It was a bad idea 1\1/2\ years ago when the President decided he was going to have airstrikes. And it is a bad idea today. And I will continue to do anything within my power to stop the deployment of troops into Bosnia.  I yield the floor.  