President, 5 days ago we had a disaster that occurred in Oklahoma. I happened at the time to be in Dallas in a regional meeting on base closure when I got a call from the President of the United States. At that time, the entire Nation, only hours after the blast, was watching as the smoke still had not yet cleared.  The President advised me as to what the Federal Government was doing. He told me about the FEMA team that was coming in, about the FBI, about law enforcement, all having to do with the tragedy, and asked if there was anything more that I could think of that could be done from the Federal level. Of course, I told the President there was nothing else I could think of that could happen, and I proceeded back to Oklahoma.  When you see something like this that happens and you see the resources that are poured in from the Federal Government, the State government, the city government, but then most of all from the individuals, it is, indeed, heart warming. I agree with Billy Graham, during the memorial service, when he made the statement that it draws us together, it brings out the best in people when a tragedy of this nature takes place. It is one thing to watch it on the television, and it is another thing to experience it knowing that you have personal friends that are [[Page S5625]] inside the building. And as we speak today, I have personal friends that are inside the building. It was 5 days ago--5 days and 1 hour ago--that the blast went off. When you look at the building and see that it happened from the north side, the lower half of the building on the south side is still intact to some degree. I have hope and faith that there will be some individuals who are still alive in the building.  But when I think back and remember the 4 days that I spent over there, some of the experiences that we have had are very difficult to describe. My son is an orthopedic surgeon. There is a doctor who practices with him. The doctor had to go in and amputate a lady's leg, in order to extract her alive from the rubbish--it was a decision that she had to make--with no anesthetic. Do you want to die or do you want us to take your leg off and pull you out? And she chose the leg.  On the first night when the rains came and it turned cold, I watched in cadence some 200 firemen marching down with all their regalia on--their crash helmets, their fire suits, their boots--knowing that 40 at a time would have to go inside this building and crawl around on their hands and knees, not knowing whether the structure of the building would hold up and allow them to remain alive. They did risk their lives. I was told that there was not one that went in that was ordered in. They all volunteered to do it. As you know, we have lost some lives of those who have been a part of the medical and rescue teams.  During this time, we had an occasion to look at where do we go from here? I was asked by the President 2 hours after the blast, ``What could be done to preclude something like this from happening?'' I have come to the conclusion that nothing in terms of added security or nothing in terms of taking away more freedoms is going to preclude some mad person from doing something like this if he has his mind set on doing it. This was a mobile unit, it was an explosion put together using fertilizer, using things that are certainly legal on the market. And if we were to take those things off the market, they would find something else, we know that. It would just make it more challenging to them.  I think that if we try to approach this providing more security, we are wasting our time. However, I do think there are some things that can be done. Senator Nickles, Senator Dole and I have submitted a resolution which we will be voting on in just a few minutes.  The resolution calls for condemning the violence in the strongest possible terms. We send condolences to the families. It applauds the rescue workers and supports the death penalty and commends the President and the Attorney General for their quick action. But it also pledges to approve legislation to combat terrorism.  I remember in 1990 when we had the airport security bill. I had an amendment on the floor--at that time, it was in the other body--to have the death penalty in cases where a terrorist was carrying out a hijacking and it resulted in a death. You never heard so many bleeding hearts in your life standing up saying, ``You can't do that, that's inhumane.'' I believe something like that today will pass. While nothing good comes from tragedies like this, if anything good were to come, it would be that we are going to be able to get tough on these guys and actually punish them.  I look at our system--I am not a lawyer--but when I see Roger Dale Stafford, of the Sirloin Stockade murder, sitting there watching color TV year after year, when I see that it takes an average of 9\1/2\ years to carry out an execution, then something is wrong.  I had a debate during the course of this with Mr. Ron Cubie, who is the defense lawyer in the World Trade Center case. He was contending that the 1994 crime bill was one that could take care of problems like this, that it provided the death penalty in case of terrorism. That is not true. The 1994 crime bill was a farce. It did not provide any exclusionary rule reform. It did not provide any habeas corpus reform. So while they had on record the death penalty, they did not do anything about the endless delays that keeps the invocation of the death penalty from becoming a reality.  That being the case, there is no deterrent. It is no deterrent for a terrorist who is proposing to do something as was done in Oklahoma 5 days ago. If he thinks the very worst scenario, the worst thing that can happen to him, is that he is going to wait 9\1/2\ years and then be executed, he looks at our system and laughs at our system.  I am one of those rare individuals who honestly believes in his own heart that punishment is a deterrent to crime. And when we wait for the punishment, long delayed periods, many of those people are waiting in an environment that is more livable than the environment that they are accustomed to. And to many of the people who might be involved from some other nations, Middle Eastern nations, that is not a deterrent. I have long sensed, in the years that I spent in the other body, that one of the problems we have in combating crime in this country is that the majority of people in Congress prior to the election of November 8 honestly did not believe in their hearts that punishment was a deterrent to crime. Now we have the ACLU and these organizations sitting around saying that we are so concerned about these poor people who are involved in these crimes. We have been much more concerned about the criminals than we have been about the victims.  Mr. President, that is something that is going to change. Maybe it took this tragedy in Oklahoma to make that change. I suspect that is the case. There are some bills that have been introduced prior to this tragedy--one was introduced by Senators Biden and Specter--that are going to do something about our ability to use resources out there to bring people to justice. Wiretapping for law enforcement officers to use. Is that an invasion of privacy? Yes, maybe it is. But somebody has to do something about it. We have a lot of procedural things that can be done that are addressed in that legislation that I think should pass.  I think the resolution submitted by my colleague from Oklahoma, Senator Nickles, and our majority leader, Senator Dole, and others, is going to set the stage for the passage of tough legislation, providing tough and swift penalties for those people in America that are involved in terrorist activities or those people who are proposing to become involved in any other crime.  I think that it may be that we will look back 10 years from now and say that because of those individuals that died painful deaths out in Oklahoma, maybe that resulted in doing something about crime in America.  I do not think that it is over yet. As we speak today, there are firefighters and rescue workers crawling through the rubbish on their hands and knees, hearing the cracks. When you walk by, as Senator Nickles and I did, and see the human flesh that is on jagged pieces of iron--my office is located three blocks away, my Senate office in Oklahoma City. Our windows were blasted out. It is very difficult to explain to people the magnitude of that explosion--one that they originally said was a 1,200-pound explosion. They now say it had to be 5,000 pounds. To put that in perspective, in World War II, that was about 10 of the largest nonatomic bombs they used in the war. And this was all perpetrated by one or two deranged minds, who somehow feel people had to be murdered to prove some type of a point.  Lastly, I am going to hope that those individuals--and there are some around--who would try to exploit this tragedy into saying that we were wrong in the elections of 1994 in rebelling against some of the intrusions into our lives by Government, or that somehow this philosophy is tied into this far extreme fringe right wing that appears to be responsible for this tragedy, when in fact the revolution, as I have referred to it, that took place in the ballot box on November 8, 1994, should not be reversed and people should not try to exploit this tragedy in reversing it.  Finally, I want to commend those who have joined me and those whom I have joined in putting together this resolution. I am sure it will pass at noon today. I think that will be the predicate for doing something very meaningful about this type of activity in America.  As we speak, there is a funeral taking place in Oklahoma City. It is for a daughter of a very close, personal friend of Don Nickles and myself. There will be many more funerals. I [[Page S5626]] think the Nation will be standing by and watching. I am sure that all the Nation grieves with us. I have been called by people not just from all over the Nation but all over the world. We should take any action necessary to make sure that something like this does not happen again. It has been said many times that if it can happen in the heartland of America, in Oklahoma City, it could happen anywhere. No one is immune.  I yield the floor.  