I am particularly sensitive to this because I serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee. Let us take this out of a partisan realm, because I opposed--it was George Bush, not Bill Clinton, who originally sent troops into Somalia. I was opposed to it at that time. It was supposed to be, as I recall, a 45-day humanitarian mission to open up the routes so we could send humanitarian goods in.   Then, of course, he went out of office. President Clinton came in. And each month--and the Senator from Wyoming will remember this because he and I were both serving in the other body when this happened--each month we sent a resolution to the President saying, bring back our troops from Somalia. We did not have any strategic interest there that related to our Nation's security. And he did not do it. And he did not do it. And he did not do it. It was not until 18 of our Rangers were brutally murdered in Somalia and their corpses dragged through the streets of Mogadishu that the people finally stood up and said, ``We have had enough,'' and we brought them home.  I do not want that to happen in Bosnia. But the Senator is exactly right, the President sends these troops all over the world. Then he comes back for an emergency supplemental. That puts us in the position that, if we do not vote for the emergency supplemental which might violate everything we are trying to do with our budget balancing effort, he will take the amount of money out of the existing military budget, which is already down to the bare bones anyway. We went through this in this Chamber just a few weeks a ago, a $1.4 billion emergency supplemental to take care of all these Haiti and Somalia episodes.  Now there is some talk about the cost of this war in Bosnia. They are trying to say it is between $1.5 and $2 billion. The cost figures that I get are far greater than that. There have been many people who have evaluated that and come up with figures from $4.5 to $6 billion. So there is a dollar consideration here as well as a human life consideration.  The Senator is exactly right, we are being put in a situation where the people of this Nation cannot be heard in decisions as critical as risking American lives in a war-infested place like Bosnia. We are irrelevant. It does not matter what we say or do. This is what the President apparently is telling us.  But I was going to go back in history to 1991 just for a moment to read some of the arguments that I heard from the other side of the aisle. I repeat again, there are not going to be any free rides on this thing because we are going to have recorded votes. I will not mention the names of all of them because I do not think doing so would serve any useful purpose, but these are mostly in the leadership of the Democrat side, those who I understand are going to be supporting the President in his effort to send 25,000 or more troops into that war-infested area.  ``Some argue that we must go''--this is 1991. This is when we had security interests in the Persian Gulf. ``Some argue that we must go to prevent a coalition from falling apart. I disagree. The use of American military should not be a substitute for the weakness of any coalition. America is not 911 for every problem.'' I would say there is no more accurate statement that could describe what has been happening up in Dayton, OH, for the last several weeks.  Here is one here. It says, ``The worst-case scenario''--again 1991, Democrats arguing against sending troops into the Persian Gulf. ``The worst-case scenario could have us losing thousands and thousands of young Americans. The worst-case scenario could have us bogged down for months and months and maybe years. This is not an easy war to be fought. And this is not a war that ought to be fought.''  If there is any war that should not be fought, it is the war in the Balkans. We do not even know who the good guys and the bad guys are. If this were a snapshot in history, 50 years ago it would be the Croats, not the Serbs, that would be the bad guys. And you could go to any other time in history and find that to be true.  This is another prominent Democrat who made this statement on the floor of this body. ``I cannot back a policy I believe is ill-advised, when Americans' lives hang in the balance, just for the sake of displaying a united front.''  Is that not the argument we have been hearing? We have to have this united front, we have to protect the integrity of NATO at any cost, particularly American lives, at any financial cost. We heard yesterday the distinguished Senator from Alaska talking about that so far we have funded 70 percent of the cost of the efforts over there in the Balkans, and yet we are farther away than anybody else in the alliance.  Here is one that I think is one of the best. It says, ``But do these goals''--1991--``qualify as a sufficient reason to suffer the tragic loss of American life, especially before we have exhausted every available alternative? My deep conviction is no, no they do not. I cannot look my 17-year-old son and my 19-year-old daughter in the eye and say, `Moving Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait, obtaining the necessary oil from the Persian Gulf, protecting our allies or saving jobs is worth your life.' I cannot say that. If at this time I cannot say that to them, how in good conscience can I say it to a mother or a father? How can I say it to a sister or brother?''  I came back from that northeast sector of Bosnia, around the Tuzla area, and I stopped on the way back at the 1st Armored Division training area in Germany, where I think the Senator from Wyoming has been. And he probably talked to some of the troops, as I did.  I went by and had breakfast in the mess hall with these guys and gals who were being trained in that 12-by-6 mile box that they said is supposed to emulate the terrain of Bosnia. It did not look anymore like the terrain of Bosnia than the hill around Washington, DC does. But they are out there training. They are getting good training. They are preparing themselves mentally to be deployed, but they are saying: ``We haven't been told yet why we're going.''  I think in all fairness to the officials and those officers who are in charge over there--and I have the utmost respect for General Yates and General Nash--that they themselves do not have a clear understanding of what their mission is.  The President, in his very eloquent, persuasive speech 3 days ago, said we have a clear and concise mission, but he never told us what that mission was. He never told us what the rules of engagement were. I do not think--I suspect--our own troops, the ones over there today, do not really have a well-defined understanding of what our rules of engagement are.  We hear about the conditions under which we can withdraw, like 12 months, a time condition, systemic violations. What is a systemic violation to a corporal out in the field who gets fired upon? Does that firepower come from a Serb element or from a Croatian element, or maybe from one of these rogue elements or a Moslem element? He will not have any way of knowing, and yet that could, in fact, be a systemic violation, because a systemic violation--which they have not yet defined--I have to assume it is something systemic, meaning the entire element is acting as a group--whether it be the Croats, Serbs, or Moslems--and are breaking the peace accord.  Well, I do not think there is any way of determining how that could be enforced.  