President, I thank the Senator for the time.  I was listening intently to the Senator from Mississippi. I was glad he brought that up because the Senator from North Dakota has said over and over and over again that this is a $40 billion program for the future. I think it has to be clarified, and yet after we clarify it, I suggest the Senator from North Dakota will continue to use $40 billion. This is just not true.  The Senator from Mississippi talked about, according to the figures of the administration, it was $24.2 billion. But I suggest that includes the SMTS program, Brilliant Eyes, which is funded separately, which can be taken off. It is closer to $18 billion.  We do have an investment today in the program of $38 billion. Some people estimate it is more than that. Let us be conservative and say $38 billion in what we call the SDI program, which some people like to continue to use star wars to try to make the public of this country believe that this is some fantasy, that it is not real. It is not something we are handling today.  The SDI program, we feel, helped end the cold war by 5 years. What kind of a value can we put on that? In fact, the Russian Ambassador to the United States, Vladimir Lukin, stated that if it had not been for SDI, the cold war would have gone on for 5 additional years.  The SDI program and its research led to systems, not fantasies, but systems in place today, such as the Aegis system, cruisers and destroyers, kinetic energy programs, the hit-to-kill technologies which are used in the THAAD, the PAC-3, the Navy upper-tier defense systems. These are not star wars; these are technologies. They are on line today.  All we are trying to do is say that in 5 years from now, where many in the intelligence community say we are going to be threatened by perhaps North Korea or other technology that will reach the United States--and this is something that most of the intelligence community agrees with--we want to do something today that will be within the confines of the ABM Treaty. We talked about that before. This is as much as we can do to reach the point so that 5 years from today, we are going to be able to defend the United States against missile attacks.  The Senator from North Dakota refers over and over again to the suitcase bombs, to the ships and vans that deliver weapons. And on that case, I agree with the Senator from North Dakota, I think he is right. But we are already taking care of that. We are already working on that program.  The Senator from North Dakota talks about intelligence estimates. I asked yesterday on this floor, what if we are wrong, what if those intelligence estimates he is saying where the threat is not there for 10 more years, what if we are right and it is 5 more years? What if he is wrong? Look back to 1940 and Pearl Harbor. At that time our estimates were wrong; North Korea in 1950, or more recently, Iraq in 1990. Our intelligence was wrong at that time.  The Senator relies on the cold war mutually assured destruction program embodied in the triad of missile submarines, land-based missiles and bombers, but we had all these things 5 years ago, and that did not deter Saddam Hussein from using Scud missiles.  When the Senator points out that the administration says that $300 million to defend Americans from attack is not in our interest, he ignores the fact that just 3 months ago, the director of the Pentagon's Ballistic Missile Defense Organization, with the administration's blessing, said that they could spend $500 million more. That is $200 million more than the additional amount we are trying to put on that we did put on in the Senate Armed Services Committee and our counterparts in the other body to reach a system that would defend America.  The Senator from North Dakota is also citing the administration supposedly defended our interests last year by spending $2 billion. We are doing a lot of talking now about $300 million. What about the $2 billion that we spent for humanitarian missions that, by their own admission, in the Senate Armed Services Committee, by the Secretary of Defense were really not to our vital national security interests.  I am talking about Somalia and Haiti and Bosnia and Rwanda. We are spending all this money. We are sending our troops all the way around the world to defend violations of human rights. Certainly, I am not insensitive to the ethnic cleansing that is going on and all these human rights violations. But we are spending huge amounts for that. I disagree with the foreign policy of the administration, and I do not think we should be doing it. But if we are doing it, that is $2 billion, and we are talking $300 million right now to keep this on line to be able to defend this country 5 years from now.  