President. We have talked about this now for 3\1/2\ hours, and we have got a little bit longer to go.  I think it has been said every argument has been made on both sides by this time. When the Senator from Texas stood up and talked about this being a different world, I have to emphasize that this is a different world than it was back in 1972.  In 1972, we had two superpowers. We had the USSR and the United States, and we had a treaty that took place back then that was controversial at that time, the ABM Treaty between two parties. One of those parties does not even exist anymore. The world is totally different. The threat is not there from the Soviet Union because the Soviet Union is not there anymore.  If we stop and look at the comparison that we have today, we are living under a treaty that says that we can defend ourselves overseas, we can defend ourselves in a theater missile environment, but we cannot defend our own country.  Now, I think we have to look at it and say, is the environment we are in today a more dangerous environment than it was in 1972? I think there is some argument, very persuasive argument, that there is. We have heard quoted several times on this floor a statement by Jim Woolsey, who is the Security Adviser to President Clinton, said that we know of between 20 and 25 nations that have developed or are developing weapons of mass destruction--either nuclear, chemical, or biological--and they are working on the missile method to deliver those weapons of mass destruction.  I think that a case can be made that the environment we are in today is far more serious, far more dangerous, to our Nation's security than it was when we could identify who the enemy was. At that time, of course, the enemy was the U.S.S.R.  I will share with you a conversation I had with Dr. Henry Kissinger. We all know he was the architect, back in 1972, of this controversial antiballistic missile treaty. He said at that time he felt it was the right thing to do.  At that time the mutual destruction mentality that we had seemed to make sense. ``We only have two countries in the world who are capable of developing and delivering any form of destruction of that nature, so let us just both make ourselves so we are vulnerable to the other one.'' Maybe it made sense then. I am not sure that it did.  But the other day, in a private conversation with me--and he said it is fine to quote him--he said: For us to be living under that treaty today is insane. And he said, and this is a direct quote, ``It's nuts to make a virtue out of our vulnerability.''  I do not know whether that is in the letter that the distinguished Senator from South Carolina submitted for the Record. I suggest words to that effect are there, but it is a lengthy, two-page letter. In that letter he describes it.  This is the person who was the architect of the ABM Treaty. So all I am saying, Mr. President, is today it is a different world. Today it is a world not with two superpowers but with a superpower, the United States--if we want to call ourselves that--and many other semi-superpowers or quasi-superpowers, any of which, if they have the technology, can deliver weapons of mass destruction to the United States.  I agree with Henry Kissinger; it is nuts to make a virtue out of our vulnerability, which is exactly what we have been doing.  