As I do every Thursday morning, I did a talk radio show back in my State of Oklahoma. I am sensing something that I did not sense in the last few years and that is an awareness--and I think maybe this came with the election of November 1994--the people are finally aware of what is really going on in this country.  They brought this up and I went back and looked it up. They said they have added up the figures--maybe you already talked about this--but in this revised budget he sent down, the figures come up, according to CBO, to over $1 trillion added to our debt.  Keep in mind, this is from a talk radio show, listeners calling in from Oklahoma today stating that they are actually aware of how much this is being added to the debt. For so many years, the average person in America did not really stop and think about the difference between deficit and debt. So they listened to the President come in and talk about, as President Clinton did during his campaign, that he had a program that was going to eliminate the deficit and had great deficit reductions. [[Page S 8844]]   I have often recommended to people to read an article that was in December's Reader's Digest called ``Budget Baloney'' where they describe how politicians try to deceive the people back home as Clinton is trying to do today by making them think that they have a program that is going to eliminate or cut the debt in some way. They describe it this way: Suppose you want a $10,000 car but only have $5,000; you tell everybody you really want a $15,000, so you settle for a $10,000 car, so you have cut the deficit by $5,000. That is essentially what he is trying to do.  The American people are awake now and the people know the difference. They are better informed. And if any message came from the election of November 8, it is that we are tired of the smoke and mirrors, as the Senator from Pennsylvania describes it so accurately, and we want action for a change.  I remember in 1993, in his budget message, the President stood in the House Chamber and said that the CBO is the most reliable operation here--not OMB, not any of the rest, but CBO. Yet, CBO says that his deficits are going to average, over the next 10 years, about $200 billion. So we are talking about a $2 trillion increase in our national debt. The people are not going to tolerate that.  