 We realize the responsibility that we have in the United States for this so-called peacekeeping effort. But stop and think. This is not peacekeeping; this is peace implementation. There is a little thing called mission creep. We saw it in Vietnam. We saw it in Somalia. It is a thing where you go in and tell the American people, ``We are just keeping peace. There is no war on over there.''  Mr. President, I was in the northeast sector of Bosnia. There is a war going on over there. The firing did not stop. The firepower is going on right now. You can hear it. You are walking around with a shrapnel jacket and helmet. You are not doing that to keep warm even though you are doing anything you can to keep warm in that area. There was a blizzard 3 weeks ago when I was there.  Nonetheless, when this scholar read the accords, not only are we responsible for implementing, that is, making peace; but we also are responsible for rebuilding the infrastructure. This $2 billion they bandy around is not even a drop in the bucket of what we are going to have to spend if the President has his way and has a mass deployment into Bosnia.  I had a telephone conversation not more than just 10 minutes ago with a retired captain, Jim Smith, who lost his leg in Vietnam and lost his son in Somalia. His son was one of those soldiers, one of those 18 Rangers that were sent over there originally for some type of a humanitarian mission that was supposed to open up the roads so we could send humanitarian goods in to some of the Somalian people.  Yes, that seemed to be a good idea. It was a 45-day mission to start with. Then President Clinton was elected. I was serving in the other body at the time, and every month we sent a resolution that said, ``Mr. President, bring our troops home from Somalia. We do not have anything at stake there in terms of our Nation's security.'' He did not do it and did not do it and did not do it until finally 18 of our Rangers were murdered in cold blood, their corpses were mutilated and dragged through the streets of Mogadishu. And one of those corpses was Cpl. Jim Smith, the son of Capt. Jim Smith.  I talked to Capt. Jim Smith, who spent a career in the military and knows a lot more about it than I do. Captain Smith said there are so many parallels between what happened to his son and what is going to happen to many other sons and daughters if we allow the mass deployment of troops into Bosnia.  He said one of the things that stuck in his mind was the last letter that he got from his son, Cpl. Jim Smith, who said, ``Dad, the biggest problem we have is we don't know who the good guys and the bad guys are.'' This was in Somalia. This was one of the last letters, maybe the last letter, written by Cpl. Jim Smith before his body was dragged through the streets of Mogadishu. He said, ``We don't know who the good guys and the bad guys are.''  That is exactly what happened 2\1/2\ years ago when President Clinton made the first decision for airdrops. I asked the person--and I cannot use his name in this public forum because it was a restricted meeting--I said, ``How do you know when we drop the stuff whether it's going to get to the good guys or the bad guys?'' He scratched his head and said, ``You know, I don't think we know that. Come to think of it, I'm not sure we know who the good guys and the bad guys are.''  That is because if you take a snapshot of any time in the history of Bosnia or the former Yugoslavia, you will find that at one time the Croats are the bad guys and the Serbs are the good guys; another time the Moslems have just finished butchering several thousand people, they are the bad guys, the Croats are the good guys. Most recently we assume the Serbs are the bad guys, so we, under the direction of President Clinton, chose sides in that civil war. At that time, many of us said, as soon as they do airdrops, then there will be airstrikes, and then they will want to send troops in. And that is exactly what has happened.  So this not over. It is not a done deal. I know the President right now is on a wave. His numbers look good. Mr. President, I can understand that, because you are an excellent politician. You just came back from Europe. You were talking about how everyone was cheering you over there. No wonder they are cheering over in Europe. You are saying we are committing 70 percent of the cost for this, and we are committing 30 percent of our troops to fight with your other troops, to fight your battles for you.  That is not our battle over there. That is relative to the security interests of Western Europe and Eastern Europe, not the United States.  I saw the accounts on television when President Clinton was talking to the troops over there. I can remember when I was a troop, so I know how a troop thinks. When I was over there talking to those same troops just a few days before the President was there, they had one question. They said, ``What is our mission? Why are we going to this hostile area? Why is the President obsessed in sending us into Bosnia?''  I only say this today. I know we are out of time, Mr. President. I just want to say that it is not over yet. I reemphasize there will be no free rides. There is going to be a vote. Most likely it will be Wednesday, not the vote that the leader has that is going to be a watered-down version of conciliatory remarks about what has gone on over there and about protecting our troops. We all know we are going to support our troops.  But this is going to be a vote on, Are we going to have a mass deployment of troops into Bosnia? Yes or no. And every Senator on this floor is going to have to make a record and stand up and say how he feels so that the people at home will know.  I do not know, Mr. President, how your calls are coming in in your office back in Tennessee. But I can tell you what mine are in Oklahoma. They are about 100 to 1 against it. That is because there is an infinite wisdom of the people of this country once left alone to make up their mind and make that judgment. It is not a beltway decision. It is not a Washington, DC, decision. It is not the kind of wisdom you get in the White House or within the beltway. It is back in real America where real people, real fathers and mothers are, sons and daughters who are going to be over there, shipped over to this endless war in Bosnia.  It is not going to be 12 months, Mr. President. When we were up in the area of Tuzla where our troops are going to be deployed, I said something about 12 months, and they all laughed. They said, ``You mean 12 years.'' This is the time for it to be stopped. If Somalia had been stopped before the murder of the 18 Rangers over there and their mutilated bodies were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu, that would not have happened. This is the time to stop this before the mutilated bodies of Americans are dragged through the streets of Tuzla.  I yield the floor.  Mr. DeWINE addressed the Chair.  