President, this is a very special day to Oklahoma. We have a very distinguished group of people from Oklahoma who are at this very moment visiting with various Senators who oppose the idea of habeas reform. I cannot think of any stronger message that we can take to these people than from those who are the survivors and those who have families lost in the tragic explosion in Oklahoma.  I just came back from my 76th town hall meeting out in Oklahoma. I think I probably have more of those than any other Member of this body. A question always comes up when I have these meetings. They say something to the effect, ``Why is it that people in Washington are more concerned about the criminals than they are the victims?'' I try to explain to them--and I know that this is rather controversial to say, but I really believe it in my own heart, Mr. President--that at least prior to this new Congress coming in, the majority of people in both of these bodies did not honestly in their own hearts believe that punishment is a deterrent to crime.  It is one that I look at, and it seems very logical that when you take a tragedy such as we experienced in Oklahoma, when the perpetrators of that crime were preparing this explosion and what they were going to do, the bombing and the attack on the Federal building in Oklahoma City, this is not something that they did just overnight. This is something they planned--not for days, not for weeks, but maybe even, we feel, for several months.  During the time that something like this is happening, those individuals who are making the plans to detonate a bomb that will murder many, many people have to be thinking what is the worst thing, what is the downside of this, what is the worst thing that can happen to me if I get caught? The worst thing that can happen, as they look at it, might be to sit around in some air-conditioned prison cell watching color TV, eating three good meals a day for 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. And I suggest to you, Mr. President, that is not much of a deterrent.  I think particularly some of the people from maybe the Middle Eastern cultures, and others, people who are trained terrorists--most of them--do not think they are going to be around for 10 years, anyway. Here in America, it takes an average of 9\1/2\ years between conviction and execution. I suggest that takes away all of the deterrent value.  This happens because we have things built into our system. I am sure that they were put in there in the sense of trying to be fair to everyone, and to make sure no chances are taken that someone might be executed who was not actually the one who committed the crime. But they sit in there through appeal after appeal after appeal.  Roger Dale Stafford, in the spring of 1978, murdered a Sergeant Lorenz, then he murdered his wife, then he murdered Sergeant Lorenz' small son. Then he turned around and drove 60 miles to Oklahoma City, where he went into the Sirloin Stockade Restaurant. He rounded up six employees at gunpoint, bound them, took them into a refrigerator, and murdered them execution style.  That was in 1978. Roger Dale Stafford is now still in McAlester in our State prison in Oklahoma. By the way, he is now over 100 pounds more than he was when he went in, so you know they are feeding him pretty well. He has been sitting in his cell for 17 years and probably living better than he lived before anyway. And I suggest to you that is not just an inhumane thing to do to the families of those victims of his murders, but it is no deterrent for other people who may be tempted to do the same thing.  What is interesting about this is that the attorney who is so successful in getting all of these appeals and all these delays in the ultimate execution which still has not taken place of the guy who did kill those nine people back in Oklahoma in 1978, that attorney is a very competent and capable attorney named Steven Jones from Enid, OK. I happen to know him personally. I suggest to you that Steven Jones is also the attorney for Timothy McVeigh, one who is held right now as possibly one who is responsible for the tragedy in Oklahoma City.  So today we have a number of people who are here from Oklahoma. We have Diane Leonard, whose husband Don, a Secret Service agent, was killed in the bombing in Oklahoma City. We have Glenn Seidl, who lost his wife, Kathy, in the bombing. I talked to Kay Ice just a few minutes ago, who lost her brother, Paul. He was a customs agent; Mike Reyes, who lost his father and was injured himself in the explosion. I believe he is the one who actually fell four stories and was able to survive. But he lost his father; Jason Smith, who lost his mother, Linda; Dan McKinney. That is Linda's husband. He was here today; Gary Bland, who lost [[Page S7667]] his wife, Sally; Suzanne Britten, who lost her fiance.  It is very significant that we understand what these people are doing today. We had a news conference at 10:30, and we stood down there in front of the Senate and they described the types of deaths that their loved ones had been subjected to, how there was no longer any facial characteristics left; they could not really identify them as they normally would; and being exposed to this, they are going through all this for one reason. That is, they know the way to deter this type of thing from happening again is to have swift justice.  We had a President who came out and said we want swift and sure justice. I call upon the President right now to stand up before these Oklahomans who are up here today and say, yes, I support Senator Hatch's habeas reform as in the bill. Frankly, as a Senator from Oklahoma, I am going to support the Kyl amendment for a stronger habeas bill. It is very moderate and very fair, but it is a habeas reform that will not allow these things to go year after year after year, 10 years, 15 years and 20 years, where all deterrent value is lost.  So, Mr. President, I hope that those Senators who are being visited right now by Diane Leonard, and by Glenn Seidl, and by Kay Ice and Mike Reyes and Jason Smith and Dan McKinney and Gary Bland and Suzanne Britten will stop and realize that they have an opportunity to preclude something like this from happening again, allow the message that will go out to all who might be considering such an act that in America we are not going to allow someone to sit around for 8 years or 10 years or 20 years before an execution takes place. We will in fact have swift justice.  Maybe, Mr. President, I am old fashioned, but I really believe in my heart that punishment is a deterrent to crime, and sitting around for 10 years is not cruel punishment.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Frist). The clerk will call the roll.  The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll.  