President, I was not planning to make any remark, but as I was presiding a few minutes ago and listening to some of the arguments, I remember that yesterday I had an occasion to meet the registered nurse, Brenda Shafer.  What was impressed upon me was that she went into that position as an acknowledged pro-choice nurse. That was the way she felt. When she went through the experience that was just expressed by the Senator from New Hampshire in such an emotional way--I have a hard time listening to that and maintaining composure--she changed her whole philosophy because she saw a child, a living child, dying in their hands and she was in some way a part of that.  I wish there were a way of getting her on the Senate floor to tell the story she had to tell. I say to the Senator from Pennsylvania, I do not mean this in a personal way, but as I was presiding a few minutes ago, I have never been so thankful that I am not a lawyer, because to have to try to find provisions in the law where you can almost rejoice in saying we found a loophole so we can take this baby's life and expand this whole idea of abortion to someone who is just about to take that first breath. And, when you say perhaps we need--that is the subject of this discussion right now, submitting it to a committee, if we did that.  Let us just say the committee reported it out and it passed. Let us say it took 3 weeks, that is an average time for something like this. We are talking about 400 more of these little babies who would have this procedure done to them.  Then the Senator talked about, under the 10th amendment, this is, perhaps, something that should be addressed by the States. I have been a defender of the 10th amendment. I think it has been abused too much, and I agree this is something that should be approached on a State level. But during that period of time, you are not talking about 4 weeks, now. You are talking about months and years. To quantify that in lives--I have not done the math yet so I cannot do that. But if you see one of these procedures, then you do not have to quantify it because one is enough.  Then we talk about how much pain there is. This is something that is difficult to quantify, too. But when you have this procedure taking place, as was described in such an articulate way by the Senator from New Hampshire, you know there is pain. You know the pain would be unbearable. But there is a loophole in the law that allows us to inflict that pain.  My wife and I have four children and we have three grandchildren. Actually, our third grandchild is not yet born, but it is still a grandchild. I am looking forward to Christmas Day when he will be born.  I do not think there has ever been any woman who has gone through a pregnancy and has reached, say, the 9th month or 8th month and has not gone through some degree of depression during that time. Certainly my wife did. It is a very difficult thing to go through.  I think this particular procedure is one where these people can fall prey, because in the event you go through some type of depression and you want to have this procedure, think of what that person must go through the rest of her life if she realizes what she has done.  I will conclude by only saying, if we had read that someplace back in ancient history, in some barbaric land or sometime in our history, this procedure had been used to perform abortions or to kill young children, we would look back and say, how in the world, back in those paganistic days, could they have taken a life in such a cruel way?  I think history, 400 years from now or 500 years from now, will reflect back to this moment saying here this body met in a deliberative way to stop this barbaric practice.  I yield the floor.  