BUMPERS. No.  General Electric made $3.7 billion in 1983 and got a $700 million tax cut. That was all $3 trillion ago, $3 trillion from the promise of a balanced budget. In only 8 years, our $1 trillion debt went to $3 trillion. You talk about snake oil.  So what are we doing here? Are we going to pass an amendment that says the tax cut cannot come out of the Social Security trust fund? If you want to balance the budget, forget the tax cut. CBO says that without the tax cut we can balance the budget in the year 2001, a year earlier than under this budget. How is the tax cut being paid for? Out of Medicare, out of school lunches, out of Social Security, out of student loans, out of the earned income tax credit, out of agricultural programs. It does not make any difference which spending cut you say is the source of the tax cut. It does not matter.  What matters is that we are giving away $220 billion to $240 billion in taxes that ought to go on the deficit or, at a minimum, be placed back in those programs like school lunches and Head Start and student loans and things that give people at the bottom of the ladder a fighting chance to become somebody.  I got that chance when I went to one of the best law schools in the country on the GI bill, and I have been trying to pay it back ever since by reaching from the top of the ladder down to people on the bottom rung and bringing them up, because I think that makes me better and it makes our country stronger.  I consider this 2,000-page monstrosity of a bill, that must weigh at least 10 pounds, I consider it one of the worst disasters to befall this institution called Congress. You think of it--penalizing the elderly, penalizing poor children, penalizing the most vulnerable among us while we give away 76 percent of the capital gains tax cut to the wealthiest people in America. Meanwhile, we continue to sell lands for $100 an acre when the mineral rights are worth thousands of dollars an acre. So the StillWater Mining Co. in Montana will pay $200,000 for a plot of land worth $38 billion in platinum and palladium. We are giving away taxpayers' property while we penalize the most vulnerable among us.  Thank you, Mr. President.  