President, and I thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for the time.  As he stated, in just a few minutes, Senator Nickles and I will make some comments concerning a resolution that will be voted on at noon today having to do with the disaster that struck Oklahoma less than a week ago.  However, I do think on this subject of the agenda that there is a misconception that is floating around out there that the Senate has not been doing anything because most of the focus has been on the other body. And it is understandable, because that is where most of the activity was. Procedurally, things happen quicker in the House than they do in the Senate.  For those of us who have served in the House of Representatives and are now serving in the U.S. Senate, I can understand for the first time in my lifetime why our Founding Fathers perceived that we should have a bicameral system. And, in fact, things are more deliberate here. And I think it is, without pointing any fingers or being critical, that many things pass the House of Representatives with the understanding that they know that it will get a more thorough examination when it gets to the Senate.  But, having said that, I would have to say that the Senate has done an incredible amount of work. While I cannot document it, I would suggest that the Senate has accomplished more in the first 90 days or the first 100 days of this session than they have at any other time. We passed the line-item veto. We passed congressional accountability, forcing Members of Congress to live under the same laws that they pass. We passed unfunded mandates. Those of us who have previously been mayors of major cities understand that that is a major problem facing the cities and other political subdivisions around the country. And we have done that. We have had moratoriums passed. I really believe that the Senate has acted responsibly, but in a much more deliberative way.  Now the time has been pretty much occupied on what are we going to do on the budget. I think it is somewhat tragic, and I have to be critical of our President. When he talks about the deficit reduction, he makes comments as if we are actually doing something about reducing the debt. And it is a matter of terminology, that if there is anything that can come from this debate, I hope that the American people, and I think they are, are aware right now that we are talking about two different things when you talk about debt and deficit.  In fact, the President's budget that has come in has built into it deficits each year that will have a dramatic increase on our Nation's debt.  I am still of the belief that we in Congress, in both Houses of Congress, as well as the administration, are incapable of fiscally disciplining ourselves in the absence of a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. And I really believe it is going to happen. Of course, it did pass the other body, and it lacked one vote of passing in the U.S. Senate.  I would remind those who share my concern for this nonpassage that it is under a motion for reconsideration and that we are going to be able to do something about it, I believe, before this term is over.  So, Mr. President, Senator Nickles will be joining me in just a moment and we will have an opportunity to talk a little bit about the tragedy that struck my State of Oklahoma.  I yield back my time.  