I cannot tell you how long many of us have been working on the problem of the deficits in this country. And we are finally to a point where we can do something about it.  It is hard for Americans to understand the obstacles that we are facing. There are those of us who really want to do something, really want to balance the budget, with the obstacles we face, and not just the things that are said that are not true, but the fact that I cannot help but believe there are some people who really do not care that much about balancing the budget.  This goes back a long, long time. I can remember, Mr. President, U.S. Senator Carl Curtis from Nebraska. I saw the Senator from Nebraska a moment ago. I was hoping he would still be here when I talked about his home State. He came up with an idea way back in 1972. Carl Curtis said the only way we are ever going to get a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution is to get something ratified in advance from the States to show that there is enough grassroots support to pass it.  And so he devised this plan. He said, we are going to have the State senates and State legislatures throughout America pass and preratify an amendment to the Constitution so that will give us the power that is necessary and influence necessary to get this thing passed. He came to Oklahoma. I was in the State senate at that time.  I remember back in 1972 the total national debt was something like $200 billion. And I remember a TV ad that they had to try to impress upon people to quantify how much money this really was. They had $100 bills that they stacked up and then finally it was up to the height of the Empire State Building, which was a tall building at that time. That was $200 billion. That was 1972. Well, anyway, I passed a resolution in the State senate of the State of Oklahoma to preratify it even though technically we know that would not work. And so he came in and we talked about it. That is how long we have been working on this.  Now since that time in my own personal life we have had four children. Now they are all grown. Now we have grandchildren.  We talked on the floor of this Senate as to the significance of the discussion that has taken place right now of the fact that we really have an opportunity to make a vote, to take a step that the CBO and everybody else says is going to balance the budget, is going to eliminate the deficit by the year 2002. Many of us would like to do it earlier than that. But we are satisfied in knowing that we cannot continue on the course that we are on.  During the national prayer breakfast that took place in February of this year I had the honor of participating in that and of talking to many groups that came in from foreign countries. One was a gentleman who came in from one of the former Soviet Republics. I cannot recall the name of which one it was at this time. But they just recently found their freedoms in that country.  He asked me a question in front of a group. This is during a national prayer breakfast discussion. He said, ``Senator Inhofe, in your country, how much can you keep?''  I said, ``No. I don't understand what you are saying.''  He said, ``How much money can you keep?''  Then after a little while I figured out what he was talking about.  What he was really saying is how much do you have to give the Government in America? He was very proud to announce to us that under their new democracy, under their new freedom, that they are able to keep 20 percent. In other words, in that particular country, they turned around and had to give the government 80 percent of everything they earned on a periodic basis like every month or every 2 months. I do not remember the exact timeframe.  And I thought, my goodness, he is so proud of this freedom. Then we looked at a study that no one has refuted, and no one in this Chamber today will refute it, that if we do not do something to change the course that we are on, that by the time someone who is born today, like my three grandchildren, during the course of their lifetimes, they will have to pay, not 80 percent, but 82 percent of their lifetime income just to support the Federal Government.  Now, that is what we are looking at right now. That is why this is significant. That is why we are at a point we cannot say that we are just going to be business as usual. The elections of 1994 were very specific. They had mandates in those elections. All of the postelection surveys have indicated there are about four areas that people want in this country. First, they want less Government involvement in their lives; second, a stronger national defense; third, punishing criminals; and fourth, which actually came out first, they want to do something about eliminating the deficit, about starting to cut into reducing the debt.   Now, obviously you cannot do that until you stop increasing the deficits. We have a program now, that will accomplish that by the year 2002.  I yesterday took to the floor and talked about some of the new allies that those of us who really want to do something constructive about eliminating the deficit have, some new allies that are coming along. We are seeing right now responsible but liberal editorial boards throughout America are now saying, ``Look. We have heard enough of this lie that is being perpetrated by the leadership of the Democrats in both the House and the Senate, trying to draw a connection between tax relief and balancing the budget.''  And I suggest to you that the choice is not taking that amount of money that is going to be coming out in tax relief and putting it toward the deficit because we know if we are going to be honest with ourselves all that would do is go to more social programs which this administration wants. They do not want cuts. They do not want freezes. They do not want to control growth. They want to increase the social programs. They want business as usual.  Mr. President, the times are changed now. This is not the way it would have been 2 years ago or 4 years ago or 6 years ago.  