President.  Mr. President, I have been listening attentively to the discussion that has been taking place in the Chamber on the line-item veto. I think there may be some misconceptions floating around as to who really wants a line-item veto and how much they want it, and who perhaps does not want it.  I have heard over and over again, as I was sitting in the chair where the President pro tempore is presiding, Senators standing up and saying, ``Our President, President Clinton, wants the line-item veto. We need to give it to him so he will have the ability to veto those items and spending bills that are out of line.''  I suggest that, even though the President has made the statement, ``I want a strong line-item veto bill and I want it very soon,'' that that is the same thing he said about a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. And we were to find out later that he was the one who led the opposition to the balanced budget amendment on the telephone, lobbying those Democrats who had previously committed themselves to a balanced budget amendment. I suggest this may even be happening today.  The reason I say that, Mr. President, is not to make an attack on President Clinton or to question anything that he has said. But the idea of the President having the ability to use this new device, a line-item veto, to take top spending things, pork items, out of a bill does not seem to make any sense to me.  If you look back to 1993, when President Clinton came up with his budget and tax hike, it was characterized by many people, including Patrick Moynihan, as the largest tax increase in the history of public finance or anyplace in the world. It was a $267 billion tax increase, with all kinds of spending increases. The taxes went back retroactively to January of 1993, and that is the first time I can remember that happening. It increased the top rate to 36 percent. Then it went in and started taxing Social Security recipients.  Now, this was kind of interesting because in arguing against the balanced budget amendment, they were trying to use Social Security as the argument against the balanced budget amendment when in fact this President in 1993 increased dramatically the taxes on Americans' Social Security. Of course, it was not a good argument anyway, because if we do not do something to get the budget under control, [[Page S4296]]  whether we use the balanced budget amendment or line-item veto or anything else, there will not be anything left in Social Security anyway in another 15 years.  In that same bill, he increased the taxes on gasoline by 4.3 percent. He increased the corporate rate up to 36 percent. And in spite of all the increases in taxes, 267 billion dollars' worth, it would increase the debt by $1.4 trillion over a 5-year period.  My question would be: Would he have line-item vetoed any of those items? No, because this was his bill.  Then he came out with the stimulus plan. This was a $16.3 billion increase in spending, with all kinds of pork. I was very happy that a filibuster, led by Senator Dole, was successful in giving him his first defeat.  But if you look at what he tried to pass--a $1 billion summer jobs program; $1.1 billion for a variety of items, such as AIDS and food distribution; a $1.2 billion subsidy to Amtrak and to subways and light rail packages that are located in the districts of certain friendly people, I suspect; a $2.5 billion pork-barrel bunch of items--swimming pools, parking lots, ice rink warming huts, an Alpine ski lift, and other pork-barrel projects.  Now, the question is, if this had passed and he had the ability to use a line-item veto, would he have done it? No. The answer is a resounding no, because this is what he was promoting.  So, I think that we need to look at this in a little different context, and that is, we are going to have one of two different kinds of Presidents of the United States. Either we are going to have one like President Clinton, who is the biggest tax-and-spend President in contemporary history, or in a couple of years, when this agony is over, we are going to have a conservative President.  Now, regardless of whether we have a Democrat or Republican, or a conservative or liberal, a line-item veto is very helpful to us. Because if it is a liberal President who is for taxing and spending, such as our current President, then this takes away his excuse for signing big spending bills.  What have we seen historically in this country? We have seen bills coming in with 25, 30, or 50 items unrelated to each other, all this pork, such as that which was included in his stimulus bill, and he says--       I have to sign it, because if I do not, we will not get the      veterans' cost-of-living adjustments or we will not get a      Social Security adjustment, or something that people want,      and that is good and is consistent with the philosophy and      the desires of a majority serving in both bodies.  So this would take away the ability of someone who is trying to use that for an excuse to pass pork-barrel legislation so that he could not do it, and would make him accountable.  Let us say we have a conservative President. It would work equally well there, because a conservative President could go through and he could line out this pork stuff and could send it back for an override.  I will conclude by saying that we often overlook the real reason for a line-item veto. It is not that it is going to be the cure-all. It is not going to balance the budget. It is not going to do all these things.  It is a vehicle to be helpful. However, what it does do is make the President and the House and the Senate accountable. If we have a liberal President or a conservative President, that President will have to be accountable for his acts, because with this ability to line out items and veto specific items, a President can no longer say that he has to do it.  Then the glorious thing about it is it goes to the House or the Senate and there is a veto attempt to override, and that way we have to go on record--Members of the House, Members of the Senate, and the President.  None of those now have to be accountable to the people back home. I have often said, none of this silliness, the foolishness that goes on in Washington would happen if people were held accountable for their acts. That is exactly what the line-item veto would do. So regardless of what kind of President we have, regardless of the philosophy of Congress, a line-item veto does make Congress accountable. And that serves the American people best.  I yield the floor.  