 Mr. President, I was not planning to speak on this nomination today but while presiding for an hour and listening to some of the debate that has taken place, I felt compelled to do so because I think there is a misunderstanding as to why some of us are going to be opposing the nomination of Henry Foster.  I disagree with my friend, the Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, when he said that abortion is the sole issue. Abortion is not the sole issue in this nomination. I happen to be pro-life. It would be an issue with me if it were the sole issue, but it is not. The issue here in my opinion is credibility. I want to make it abundantly clear, when I vote against the nomination of Henry Foster to be Surgeon General, it is not because of his pro-abortion stand, or the abortion issue. It is his credibility.  I suggest that we recall--I do not think anyone in this Chamber knows what his real position is or how many abortions he performed because there has been such a variance in what he has reported and what he has said. I can remember when his name first came up and there was an article written in the Washington Post quoting him, quoting the White House, saying he had performed one abortion in his career.  Then, on February 3, 1995, the Department of Health and Human Services released a statement by Dr. Foster which stated, ``I believe that I have performed fewer than a dozen pregnancy terminations.'' This was a statement by Dr. Foster.  Then, back on November 10, way back in 1978, Dr. Foster, as a member of the Department of Health, Education and Welfare Ethics Advisory Board, is recorded in an official Government transcript saying, ``I have done a lot of therapeutic abortions, probably near 700.''  The documentation of that is HEW Ethics Advisory Board Meeting, Friday, November 10, 1978, Seattle, WA, page 180. The White House first claimed that the transcript was not genuine but later admitted its authenticity.  Dr. Foster initially claimed the transcript was inaccurate, that he did not make the statement nor did he do what the statement said, but later he said he did not remember making the statement.  At about the same time, in November 1980, OB/GYN News published a story regarding a study conducted on behalf of Upjohn Pharmaceuticals by Dr. Foster at Meharry Medical College in Nashville to develop an abortion pill based on the chemical prostaglandin. Dr. Foster has admitted that he was the research director of a clinical study in which 55 chemical abortions and 4 surgical abortions were performed on women participating in the study. Appearing on ABC's ``Nightline'' Program on February 8, 1995, Dr. Foster stated he was the physician of record in 39 abortions since 1973, since Roe versus Wade. He stated that the number of 39 did not include any of the 59 performed as a part of the study noted above since while he supervised the trial he did not personally perform these abortions.  So, Mr. President, to me regardless of whether your feelings are about abortions--again, I am pro-life--the fact is that either his memory is very bad or he has a habit of saying things that are not true. The inconsistencies are incontrovertible. I agree with my friend from Texas. But I think it is one more very significant reason to vote against the nomination of Henry Foster; and, that is, he says things that are not true.  So, Mr. President, I wanted to clarify why I will be opposing the nomination of Henry Foster.  I yield the floor.  