President, if the Senator will yield further, I think it is a significant point to make that if it is not going to be done their way, it is not going to be done at all. I do not know of one person who goes out and campaigns for office and says: Elect me, because I want to increase your deficit. I honestly do not think they really want to increase the deficits. But there is the temptation to get these programs today, saying, ``Well, there is nothing wrong with it. We are borrowing from ourselves.'' They do not stop to think and realize sometimes what they are doing to the future generations.  I would also ask the Senator if she might stop and think about how long we have been looking at this. There was a very outstanding Senator from Nebraska by the name of Carl Curtis, many years ago. In 1970, I was in the State senate in the State of Oklahoma. At that time, just to remind you how far we have come, I can remember that the National Taxpayers Union had an advertisement that they showed on television. They said: Do you really want to know how bad the debt in this country is? Mr. President, they said: If you want to know how bad the debt is, if you took $100 bills and stacked the $100 bills on top of each other, by the time it reached the height of the Empire State Building--that was a tall building in those days--it would be the amount of our debt, which is $400 billion. Now, look where it is today.  Back in 1972, this Senator from Nebraska, Carl Curtis, had a brilliant idea. He was the author of the Senate budget balancing amendment at that time. So he called me up one day. I was a State senator. He said, ``Inhofe, if you would just try something new here. Let us break down the resistance in the U.S. Senate and in Congress, because these people up here live in their ivory towers, and they don't have a sense of what is going on at home.'' He said, ``Why don't you present a budget balancing amendment out in the State of Oklahoma?'' I said, ``Well, that is an ingenious idea.'' His thought was that if he could get 38 States to do that, it would indicate there was grassroots support for a balanced budget amendment.  Keep in mind this is 1972. So in 1972, I introduced and got passed in the State of Oklahoma a ratifying resolution. And I remember that there was a guy named Anthony Kerrigan, a syndicated columnist, who wrote an article entitled ``A Voice in the Wilderness.'' Way out in Oklahoma, there is a State senator that is going to figure out a way to balance the budget. Here it is now, a couple of decades later, and we still have not done it. But we found in that short period of time that there is such a ground swell for support, when you get closer to the people, that we are willing to do it. And we had commitments from 38 States in 1972 to ratify such a resolution.  