President, I do not think I can add a lot to what the very eloquent Senator from Arizona, Senator Kyl, said about this sense-of-the-Senate amendment.  I do support the amendment and offer this with Senator Kyl. One of the reasons I came to the Senate in the first place, and one of the reasons I sought to serve on the Senate Armed Services Committee, is a very deep concern over what has been happening to our Nation's ability to defend itself.  I have watched the cold war leave us and many people, when I was serving in the other body, would stand up and say, ``There is no longer a necessity to have a very strong defense system. The cold war is over and the threat is not out there.'' I honestly believe, in looking at this, through my service on the Intelligence Committee as well as on the Senate Armed Services Committee and formerly on the House Armed Services Committee, that there is a threat to our country out there that is even more severe, more serious today than there was during the cold war, because in the cold war we could identify who the enemy was. As Jim Woolsey said, there are 20 to 25 countries, not two or three, 20 to 25, that are working on or have weapons of mass destruction. That is not something that might happen in the future. That is something that is imminent and that is taking place today.  It is interesting that the administration downplays another conclusion by the intelligence analysts; namely, that there are numerous ways for hostile countries to acquire intercontinental ballistic missiles far more quickly. We have watched this. We have watched the discussions take place. I think we can come to some conclusions, and those conclusions are that there is a multiple threat out there.  The Senator from Georgia mentioned briefly the ABM Treaty. I think it is worth at least discussing in context with our need for a national missile defense system. I think at the time that the ABM Treaty went into effect, perhaps there was justification for that. There were two superpowers in the world--this was 1972--and the feeling was at that time, if neither of the superpowers were in a position to defend themselves from a missile attack, then there would not be any threat out there for the rest of the world. Maybe there was justification for that.  I had a conversation with the architect of the ABM Treaty just the other day, Dr. Kissinger. He said, and I will quote him now, he said:       There is something nuts about making a virtue out of our      vulnerability.  That is exactly what we are saying when we say, by policy and by treaty, that we can defend our troops who might be stationed overseas, that we can pursue a theater missile defense system, but we cannot defend our Nation against a missile attack. There is something nuts about that. So we are going to have to address this.  In the meantime, what can we do to put a national missile defense into effect in the next 5 years? We can do exactly what we are doing with this bill. I would like to move even quicker than we can move right now, but we feel what we are doing in this bill that we are looking at today is all we can do to prepare ourselves for what can happen in the next 5 years. So, when we are able to change this national policy, we will be in a position to not lose any time and do it in the next 5 years. I think the issue here is: Is it 10 years when the threat could be facing us or is it 5 years? I think it is incontrovertible it is closer to 5 years.  Even if we were certain there is no new threat that would materialize for 10 years, there are two compelling reasons to develop and deploy a national missile defense system. First, it will take more than 5 years to develop and deploy the limited system, even when the Missile Defense Act of 1995 is passed. By then, we will most certainly be facing new ballistic missile threats to the United States.  Second, deploying the national missile defense system would deter countries from seeking their own ICBM capabilities. A vulnerable United States invites proliferation, blackmail, and aggression.  We are going to hear, during the course of this debate, people who really are not concerned about the threats that face the United States of America talking about the missile defense system as star wars. They have always downgraded it by using that term. Star wars should not even be used. We are talking about an investment that we have in this country, through the THAAD system, through the Aegis system that we have--22 ships that are currently equipped--we have a $38 billion investment. That investment can be protected merely by putting approximately $5 billion over 5 years in, and being able to deploy a national missile defense system.  I implore my Senate colleagues in the strongest possible terms to wake up and see the world as it is and not the way arms control advocates in the Clinton administration would like it to be. The threat is clear. It is present. It is dangerous. That is why I strongly support this amendment.  Mr. President, I urge swift adoption of the Kyl-Inhofe amendment.  I yield the floor.  