President, this afternoon we are going to be discussing some of the amendments to the current Job Corps Program. One of those amendments will be offered by Senators Specter and Simon in a bipartisan fashion.  There is something that is unique about this program. I have had some personal experiences with the Job Corps Program formerly as mayor of the city of Tulsa. We were able to use the participants of this program in doing massive public works within our city. Somehow none of this ever shows up to the credit of the Job Corps Program.  While I am the strongest supporter of virtually every element of the Contract With America, I do believe that there are some areas where we should give serious consideration to allowing a program to exist where it can breathe more freely across State lines, and this just might be the case as opposed to sending it in block grants back to the States.  The construction industry is an industry that, First, is cyclical and, second, varies from State to State. One of the problems that exists right now in the construction industry is that it is very difficult to find young people who will go into the construction industry, into carpentry, into masonry, some of these areas where perhaps the future does not look as glamorous as it would in some type of highly skilled or high-technology position. As a result of that, many people do not choose this except when there is a building boom going on.  One of the problems we have is that nationwide we could have a building boom in Pennsylvania and there could be a slump in Oklahoma. By the time you gear up to the boom in Pennsylvania, it could be in a slump again. Consequently, it has worked quite well to have these programs in a national scope where they do provide for a ready supply of skilled labor jobs, carpentry jobs, masonry jobs, and jobs that are critical to the building industry.  It is my understanding that the Specter-Simon amendment will not be scored, and if that is the case I would urge some of my conservative colleagues to give serious consideration to supporting the Specter-Simon amendment.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  