 Mr. President, I have been most interested in what I think is our first major success in both Chambers. And certainly it is due to the perseverance of the Senator from Idaho that we are where we are today. I watched with interest what is happening in the House and, of course, what is happening over here. I think it is so significant because this symbolizes what I think is one of the products of the revolution that took place on November 8.  I have often joked around with many Members of both bodies in Washington. I said, ``If you want to know what a real tough job it is to become a mayor in a major city, there is no hiding place there. If they do not like you, they trash you and they throw it in your front yard.''  Of all the problems--and even though there are people serving in this body, distinguished Senators, who have had distinguished careers, including being mayor of major cities such as the Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, and many of us may disagree philosophically on certain subjects, but if you were to ask any city official, any mayor, any city commissioner, city council member in America what the most serious problem is, they will not say, as you might expect, the crime problem or the welfare problem or other problems like that. They would say it is unfunded mandates. I had the honor of serving as mayor for three terms in the city of Tulsa, OK, with a half-million people.  There are so many aspects of unfunded mandates that people do not talk about because sometimes it is politically sensitive to talk about it, such as the Davis-Bacon Act and how that affects what we do with capital improvements in many of our large cities.  I can remember when I became mayor of the city of Tulsa, even though I was conservative it was very uncomfortable to do this. I had to pass a 1-cent sales tax increase for capital improvement because our city had been neglected in its infrastructure. Unfortunately, it is a political reality. Until you can visibly see the problems, you do not really do anything about it. So we passed it.  We calculated afterward that, if we had not had to comply with the Davis-Bacon Act, the taxpayers would have benefited so much more than they did. Without the Davis-Bacon Act, we could have produced 17 percent more in capital improvements for the citizens of Tulsa. Keep in mind this is all totally funded within the city with a 1-cent sales tax increase--6 more miles of roads and streets within one city, Tulsa, OK; 34 more miles of water and sewer lines. And we could have hired--this is simply the labor issue that you hear so much about--we could have hired 500 more people during that timeframe. At that time our unemployment was high. It was something that we needed. So it was one of those deals where no one would have been punished by our successfully not having to serve under the mandates of the Davis-Bacon Act.  A lot of us in Oklahoma put the pencil to these things so that we would know how many dollars it saved. The motor-voter law that came in is going to cost about $1 million a year. We are still working with that right now. That was something that came in that sounded very good when it surfaced. A lot of the authorities were certainly well meaning. But it was a very expensive thing for the people of Oklahoma. We went and looked at some of the things that happened in the city. Certainly we all know or are sensitive today to the League of Cities which is having their annual meeting here in Washington.  In one city, Oklahoma City, the compliance with storm water management and the Clean Water Act, in Oklahoma City alone it is estimated to be $2.7 million. The transportation regulations, which is the metric conversion, some of their anticipated fees are in excess of $2 million over the next 5 years. Land use regulations--that is the recycling and landfill requirements that have come--$2.5 million; the Clean Water Act, Safe Drinking Water Act is somewhere in the millions. We cannot even put the pencil to that.  In my city of Tulsa, OK, the other large city in Oklahoma, the Clean Water Act compliance was $10 million. The Safe Drinking Water Act was $16 million. The solid waste regulations, $700,000. And the lead-based paint, because it is a unique industry which we have there, it will cost in excess of $1 million. But when you look at the smaller communities like Broken Arrow, OK, the Clean Water Act, the storm water regulations were $100,000; the safe drinking water regulations were $40,000. This is a small community that has a very difficult time making ends meet. Yet, they look at these and they wonder why is it that we in Washington somehow have this infinite wisdom that we know what is better for them and we are willing to mandate things for them to do. Yet, we are not going to fund it.  I think if we face the reality and the truth, Mr. President, I suggest that it is because people in Washington, after being here for a while, cannot resist the insatiable appetite to spend money we do not have. One tricky way of doing that is to take credit for something politically at home in terms of the environment or something that we are needing to do that generally the people want and turn around and cause the people at home to pay for it.  I think we should look at this in another way, also. That is, what is going to happen with the frustration around the country if we do not do this? I was heartened the other day to see what is happening in Catron County, NM. In the frustration of dealing with the U.S. Forest Service, they enacted the U.S. Constitution as a county ordinance and put the Federal officials on notice to show up at the county supervisors meeting to get permission to impose future mandates.  I think we are looking at something here that either we do, or it is going to be done for us. I have never been prouder of an organization that is able to come in on both the House and Senate side and recognize that this is not a Republican program, this is not a Democratic program, this is not a conservative or liberal program; this is something that everyone is for if they are really for getting the maximum out of the tax dollars that are paid.  So, again, let me throw all the accolades I can on the distinguished Senator from Idaho, who has been so effective in getting this through. Thank you on behalf of all America.  I yield the floor.  