President, I feel compelled today to make a couple of statements about the President's message last night.  I am very disturbed at what is happening, and I think all of America needs to know what is going on. I commend the President on giving a beautiful, persuasive speech, as he is very good at doing. However, I suggest, Mr. President, that as we are speaking now and as time is creeping by, our troops are on their way to Bosnia.  It is my understanding that the distinguished Senator from Colorado, who will be here in just a moment, made a trip over Thanksgiving, which is essentially the same trip I made the week before, into the northeast sector of Bosnia, which is the area where our troops are going to be. A number of people have gone over to Bosnia but have not gone beyond Sarajevo and do not really have a feel for the environment in which our President has this obsession of sending our American troops.  Mr. President, last night he talked about morality and about what our moral obligation is in Bosnia, and the fact that we have a moral obligation to see how many people we are going to be able to save from the brutality that could be taking place there.  He talked about our commitment to NATO. And I would like to throw out a couple of ideas, a couple of thoughts. Mr. President, when I went to Sarajevo it was the middle of a blizzard, a snowstorm. We had a hard time getting up there. There were not any Americans up there. There were not any Americans going to the northeast sector, that area around the Posavina corridor and Tuzla, and south of Hungary, which is an area where our troops are going to be deployed from the lst Armored Division where they are being trained for this kind of deployment. And that may be happening and is happening, I suggest, as we speak.  I heard several people say that we need to wait until we have hearings and let some time go by. But each hour that goes by, the American people need to know the President has a strategy to get our troops over there, to put us in a position where we are going to have to, by denying the authorization of sending troops into Bosnia on the ground, we are turning our backs on troops who are already there. And this is a position that we are now getting into. And each hour that goes by we are getting in deeper and deeper.  I can recall not being able to get up there until General Rupert Smith, who is the successor of Michael Rose as the commander there of the U.N. forces in Bosnia, he agreed to take me up. And as we went up we went over almost every square mile of that area that is called the northeast sector, where our troops are going to be deployed, not more than 100 feet off the ground--because I have a background in aviation, I know we were not anywhere higher than that--we were in the middle of a blizzard.  Mr. President, this is not the Rocky Mountains we are talking about. This is an area of cliffs and caves. For the first time I could see why during the Second World War that they were able to withstand the very best that Hitler had to offer on a ratio of 1 to 8 because of the very unique geography we are dealing with.  As I looked down I thought, there are not any roads down there, there are not any valleys, not the traditional valleys that you would have in the terrain that we think of as being mountainous terrain. And so all these tanks and all these armored vehicles would not really have any way to maneuver in that area.  And, Mr. President, I think the President of the United States is putting us in a position where it is going to be too late. You know, we could come back and talk about whether or not we should send troops over, whether or not there are strategic interests as far as our Nation's security is concerned. And by that time, we are going to have our troops over there.  I think the President is looking at--he has been talking about 20,000 or 25,000 troops for so long now, for 2 years, I think it is an obsession with him. He is no longer thinking of them as being faces of real human beings. I think it is a faceless gesture when he says, we want to send 20,000 American troops into Bosnia.  But I went up to where the lst Armored Division was training these young men and women who will be the first to go, who I suggest--I had breakfast with many of them in the mess hall. And they are on their way to Bosnia right now as we speak. And those individuals all asked me, ``What is our mission? We don't understand what our mission is.'' Of course, I tried to be as optimistic as possible. I said, ``We're always behind our troops. Whatever happens, we're going to be supporting our troops.'' But as far as the mission is concerned, I do not know what the mission is.  In the speech last night the President kept using the term over and over again--he said, ``The mission is clear and limited.'' But he never said what the mission was. It is a humanitarian mission. And I think we have about half the world that is covered with problems, with ethnic cleansing, with human rights violations. I am not sure whether we feel that we--or the President feels that we--have the resources and the military assets to go out and take care of all these problems. Obviously, we do not. We are operating on a defense budget now that is down comparable to what it was in 1980 when it could not afford spare parts. Yet we are taking on all these humanitarian problems around the world.  I had occasion to talk to James Tayrien. James Tayrien is from Poteau, OK. He would be one of the first ones to go. I came home and talked to his mother, Estella, down in Poteau. She asked me the same question. I cannot answer it. It is very easy to get engaged in these things and send troops in, but it is hard to bring them out.  Look at Vietnam. It was very easy to send them in. Look at the other cases that we have. Mission creep. If there was ever a classical environment for mission creep, that is it over in Bosnia. In fact, we have already crept. The mission was to be peacekeeping. Now it is peace implementation. There is a big difference, Mr. President, between peacekeeping and peace implementation. Peace implementation is the recognition there is no peace to keep right now.  The President last night said, of course, the war is over. The war is not over. We went up there. We were in Tuzla. We could hear the firing, the firepower that was going on. It has not stopped. And we are dealing with three major factions over there. And I suggest to you that one of the factions was not in Dayton, OH. Milosevic does not speak for the Bosnian Serbs.  It was my experience--and I see the distinguished Senator from Colorado is here. He is the only other Senator or House Member, to my knowledge, who has been in the northeast sector, in the Tuzla area. The point I am trying to get across here is that those people who are around that peace table are not speaking for the factions that were firing guns as we were up there just a couple weeks ago.  I mean, they are up there. They could be Croats. They could be Serbs. They could be Bosnian Serbs. They could be Moslems. We do not know who they are. They could be any of these rogue factions. We hear a lot about the major factions that are over there. We know that three major factions have fired on their own troops just to blame the other side for sympathy. Anyone with that mentality is going to be firing on American troops. But we do not say anything about the other rogue factions, such as the Black Swans, the Arkan Tigers. We have Iranians. We have all kinds of factions up there, more than just three major factions.  I would like to ask the Senator from Colorado, if that is the same environment as I have just explained that he experienced just this past week? I am sure he would have rather been doing something else on Thanksgiving. But it is my understanding he was up in that northeast sector during Thanksgiving. Is that correct?  