We have to address it that way.  I can remember a very famous speech that was made, back in 1965. My colleague and I, we may be freshmen here but we are the two oldest Members of the freshman class. We can remember this well. The speech was called ``A Rendezvous With Destiny'' by Ronald Reagan. It was his first political speech. It was back during the Goldwater campaign.  In this speech he said something very profound. He said, ``There is nothing closer to immortality on the face of this Earth than a Government program once started.''  I learned this lesson when I was mayor of the city of Tulsa. This is kind of an interesting story and tells you what is happening here today.  I went in and made a decision that over a 5-year period I would keep the level of government, city government, the same size yet increase the delivery of services. I did this because at that time the average large city doubled in size every 5 years. I thought, let us try to stop that. So I started firing people for inefficiency. And when I saw them later and said, ``I thought I fired you,'' and they said, ``Well I have been reinstated,'' I found out in government you cannot fire people for inefficiency. I found the way to do it. You defund departments and get them all.  There are some bureaucracies that were at one time performing a function that was needed; the problem went away, but the bureaucracy continues. This is what we are talking about, going through, having sunset provisions where we can say, Is this thing really needed? Is this in the public interest anymore, as it was 40 years ago when that particular agency was started?  It is not a lack of compassion, as the Senator from Pennsylvania has said in such an articulate way, because we are compassionate. But when I have town-hall meetings, I talk to senior citizens. Sometimes when I have them during the day, 90 percent of them are senior citizens or retired people. They come up. Of course when you tell them what is going to happen if we continue on this road, what is going to happen to their grandchildren and great grandchildren and generations to come, I find these people are not selfish. They just do not want to be cut unless others are cut.  The Senator might remember when the Heritage Foundation did a study here a few years ago where they said if you put on a growth cap of 2 percent for just a matter of 5 years on all Government spending, you will balance the budget in that period of time and will not have to cut or eliminate one Federal program. Just stop the increase, the accelerated growth. That is, I think, what we are trying to do.  