 Mr. President, last night, when we were watching the discussion take place, a comment was made by the Senator from Wyoming that the debate is getting redundant on this budget; that we have heard about every argument there is to hear and now we are working on repetition to try to drive it in.  It occurred to me that it sounded very much like the debate that we had on the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. At that time, people were standing up and saying, ``Well, give us the details. Give us the details. Where do you want to make cuts? What do you want to do with Medicare and Social Security,'' and all the contentious items that we can so easily demagog?  I can suggest right now we have the details. But I wanted to take a couple of minutes this morning to share one thing with you, and that is we know pretty much how it is going to come out. We know who is going to vote for it and who is going to vote against it. And we know why.  First of all, the argument has been used that there are cuts. We have talked about this over and over again. They are not cuts in the Medicare system. We are talking about a growth factor that is built in. And the same thing is true with all the other areas that people are very much concerned with.  What we are trying to do is take this one last golden opportunity that we have--this is it, our chance to fulfill that obligation that the American people gave to us back on November 8 with a mandate. The No. 1 mandate was to balance the budget. This is an opportunity to do it. The House has already done theirs. All we have to do is do it here. I think the votes are here to do it.  But I have heard people stand up, such as one Senator the other day, and say every Senator wants to balance the budget. I suggest, Mr. President, that is not true. I suggest that they want people to think they want to balance the budget, but what it gets down to is they are basically traditional big spenders and big taxers and they want the status quo. They want to keep Government going as it has been going.  To demonstrate this, I am going to tell you, Mr. President, who is going to be voting against this. The same people who will be voting against it today are the ones that voted for and are the right-to-know supporters. These are the ones that did not want a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  So during that debate, I characterized who these people are who do not want a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution and today do not want a balanced budget. I suggest to you they are the ones that can be identified with a voting behavior of taxing and spending.  And I use as my examples the tax bill of 1993, the tax bill that was a Clinton bill that some people are touting as the great deficit reduction bill. In fact, it did not reduce any programs. All it did was increase taxes, the largest tax increase in history--$267 billion. That is not what the American people wanted. It was an increase in taxes on all segments of society, a Social Security tax increase for thousands of Social Security recipients. It was a 70-percent increase. Yet, these individuals who will vote today against this balanced budget are the ones who voted for that tax increase.  Then along came the Clinton stimulus program. It was characterized by a Democrat in this body as the largest single spending increase in the history of public finance in America or anywhere in the world. Such things as the $2.5 billion for swimming pools, parking lots, ice rink warming huts, alpine ski lifts, and other pork barrel projects; $1 billion for summer jobs, $1.1 billion for AIDS treatment and food distribution, on and on and on, all these spending increases that supposedly were going to stimulate the economy.  So I characterized those individuals who voted for those two bills and also who are rated as big spenders. There are a number of corporations that rate big spenders. The main one is the National Taxpayers Union. So I looked at those individuals who cosponsored the Right To Know Act which was the one to demolish, to do away with, the balanced budget amendment and stop our effort for a balanced budget.  I found, of all the 41 cosponsors, all 41 voted yes on the biggest spending bill in the history of this body. And all 41 of those individuals had a National Taxpayer Union rating of D or F.  So, Mr. President, I think that we have had a lot of debate on this. But when it gets right down to it, the bottom line is this: Those individuals who are trying to hold on to the past, those [[Page S7289]] who are trying with white knuckles to hold on to the status quo, those who did not hear the mandate that was so loud and clear on November 8, 1994, are going to be voting for big spending, big government, tax increases, spending increases and vote against the balanced budget that we have up before us today.  I believe it will pass, because those individuals who are for the status quo are now in a minority.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  