President, I thank the Senator from West Virginia for yielding.  The Senator asked a question, and the question was: Why not pass a tax increase? I suggest to the Senator from West Virginia that we passed, under the Clinton budget in 1993, what has been characterized as the largest single tax increase in our Nation's history.  All too often, we go back and say what a great job the administration did and we have these wonderful reductions in the deficit. I suggest to the Senator from West Virginia that a lot of people out there are learning that that kind of talk is not being very honest.  There was an article in Reader's Digest, I believe it was last December, the name of which was ``Budget Baloney.'' In that article, they said, to let you know how they do things in Washington, a guy who has $5,000 who wants a $10,000 car, all he does is say, ``Well, I really wanted a $15,000 car, but I settled on a $10,000 car. So I reduced the deficit by $5,000.''  We played games for so long that I think we have an awareness and an understanding by the public out there that they did not have in years past.  I can recall one of your very good friends that you served with, Senator Carl Curtis of Nebraska, way back in 1972 was trying so hard to convince the American people that we could not continue on this road of increased deficits. Our deficit in 1972 was $15 billion. I remember this so well, because they tried to get the people of America to understand how significant the debt was, and they stacked up $1,000 bills until they were the height of the Empire State Building to try to impress upon people how significant the debt was. The debt at that time, in 1972, was $240 billion.  The first question you asked was, you know, why do we not do something about it if we want to reduce the deficit? That is a very legitimate question.  But I think that we, in the two bodies here in Congress, have demonstrated over the past 40 years that we are incapable of doing it without having some type of discipline there that we are forced to adhere to.  