President, the Senator from Tennessee at the conclusion of his remarks started talking about something that is very, very significant and has been left out of this debate. I have a few comments to make, and then I wish to follow up on that. And that is the budget ramifications of an overregulated society.  I am an original cosponsor of the Dole bill. However, I will say that I do not believe the bill goes far enough. I would like to have it stronger. It does not include a supermandate which would make the new cost-benefit provisions apply to all regulations. It specifically exempts those statutes which set a lesser standard in the statutory language. These exempted laws include many of the environmental statutes such as the Clean Air Act, which really does need a strong cost-benefit provision.  Half of all regulations issued are from the EPA, and half of all the EPA regulations are under the Clean Air Act. So that is why that act is so significant. We need to protect human health, but the EPA has gone way too far.  At the time of the Clean Air Act, the head of the Department of Health and Human Services told the Office of Management and Budget that they had no issues with the air bill. The only health benefit, according to HHS, was removing benzene from gas. This is the head of the public health department saying the bill was not protecting health.  When EPA determines risk in their risk assessments they use something called the maximum exposed individual, which is a person who spends every day of their life, 24 hours a day for 70 years, underneath the factory vent breathing the discharges. And I do not know anybody like that. That is totally unreasonable.  They also use the maximum tolerated dose for rats, which is when they stuff so much of the substance that they are studying into a rat the rat is going to die from stress.  For part of the Clean Air Act, they also observed the effects of emissions on asthma patients. But what they did was take away their medicine and force them to jog in 110 degrees heat, and nobody does this. This again is not realistic. The only realism you will find is in the minds of bureaucrats who do not live in the real world.  We can get 90 percent of the benefits from 10 percent of the costs. What EPA is trying to do is reach that final 10 percent of the benefits which incurs the rest of the costs, which is 90 percent. You do not need to be a rocket scientist to understand that 10 percent of the benefits is not worth 90 percent of the costs.  We should require that benefits outweigh or exceed the costs of regulation. When you reach that 90 percent benefit level, you reach a point of diminishing returns. We are paying for much more than we are getting. Businesses do not operate this way, at least they do not operate this way very long, and neither do consumers. The Government definitely should not either. For an incremental benefit of 1 percent, we should only have to pay an incremental cost of 1 percent or less. Nowhere else but in the Federal Government do people spend $1 million to get $100 worth of benefit, and we must end this practice.  The Clean Air Act refinery MACT rule is a perfect example. As proposed, the rule would cost approximately $10 million and only save less than one-half of one life.  The cost-benefit language in the Dole bill is good but not good enough. And it is a shame it does not apply to all existing statutes. As a Member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I will strive to place good cost-benefit language in all future reauthorizations, yet I must point out my disappointment with the cost-benefit language in this bill. Perhaps we can work together and strengthen it later. And, of course, it is the only dog in this hunt at this time.  Let me suggest something. Yesterday, I ran out of time when I was talking about the Regulatory Reform Act, and there are a couple of examples that I wanted to use. I had used some examples from around the country, but I did not use the local examples.  Once before, when we were talking about Superfund abuse, which we are dealing with here also, I told the story of a very close personal friend of mine in Tulsa, OK. His name is Jimmy Dunn. His family has Mill Creek Lumber Co. It is the third generation to run this lumber company--highly competitive. It is in an environment in which many of them do not exist; they are not able to survive.  He called me up. At that time, I was a Member of the House. He said, ``Congressman Inhofe, the EPA has just put me out of business.'' I said, ``What did you do wrong?'' And Jimmy Dunn said, ``I don't think I did anything wrong, but for the last 10 years we have been using the same contractor to sell our used crankcase oil.'' And that contractor was licensed by the Federal Government; he was licensed by the State Government; he was licensed by Tulsa County, and yet they traced some of the crankcase oil from this contractor to the Double Eagle Superfund site.  He read the letter he received from the administrator of the EPA, the last paragraph of which said we are going to impose $25,000-a-day fines on you and possible criminal sanctions.  Now, we were able to stop that, but for every one that we find out about and are able to help, there are thousands that we do not find out about.  I had a visitor in my office yesterday who is the administrator of the endangered species here and a very nice lady, and we visited about it. She said, ``Well, I can count on both hands the number of prosecutions we have had. It is fictitious to say that we are being abusive in the Endangered Species Act.'' I said, ``You miss the point altogether.'' For each one that is ultimately a conviction or a prosecution, you have 100,000 of them out there that are threats, that are threatening those people who are working hard, making money to pay taxes for all this fun that we are having up here.  I have a guy that I met 4 days before Christmas. His name is Keith Carter. Keith Carter lives in a little town in Oklahoma--Skiatook, OK--just north of Tulsa, OK. It is a very small community. Keith Carter developed a spray that he puts on horses. I do not know what it does, but apparently there is a market for it. Keith Carter called me 4 days before Christmas and Keith Carter said, ``Congressman, EPA has just put me out of business and I have to fire my only four employees 4 days before Christmas.''  