President, this is truly a historic time. Some of us have been working on this idea of balancing the budget for many, many years. When I look over and see the two very distinguished Senators from Nebraska, I want to remind them of another great Senator from Nebraska in years past. His name is Carl Curtis.  Carl Curtis, back in 1972, came to me as a member of the Oklahoma State Senate and he said we want to get a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution passed. He said, of course if that happens we have to have the States ratify it.  He had an idea. This came from the genius from the State of Nebraska, I say to the two Senators from Nebraska. He said we should preratify a balanced budget amendment. Go to the States and get two-thirds of the States or three-fourths of the States to preratify a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  I introduced a resolution in the Oklahoma State Senate. It passed. We became the first State to preratify a balanced budget amendment.  I remember the argument at that time. At that time the total national debt was $400 billion and there were radio and TV ads and they were stacking hundred-dollar bills up--at that time I believe the Empire State Building was the tallest building--and they were stacking $100 bills up and they said that is the size of the national debt.  Of course we know today that was just a drop in the bucket. That is how significant this thing is. That is how long many of us have been working on it. This is truly the opportunity that we have to do it.  The Senator from Indiana just a few minutes ago made a statement that rang a bell. He said this is a moral issue. I think we should look at what we are faced with and what the President is faced with, his temptation to veto this Balanced Budget Act of 1995, to look at it as a moral issue.  I had occasion to be at the national prayer breakfast where we had several foreign visitors coming in, and one from Moldavia, a former Soviet State, came in very proud. He was smiling. He said: ``Senator Inhofe, how much in America do you get to keep?''  I said, ``I am sorry, I do not understand what you are saying.''  He said, ``Well, how much in America do you have to give the Government so you can keep something?''  Then I knew what he was talking about. He was talking about how much do we pay in taxes. I gave an answer I would be embarrassed to share on the floor because I am not sure how accurate it is, because he said in all pride they have a system over there in Moldavia where they work for about 3 months and they have to pay the Government--he said, ``We pay the government 80 percent of what we make,'' and then with the pride showing through in this new-found democracy and free economy he thought they had, he said, ``We get to keep 20 percent.''  We look at that in this country, how could they be so proud of being able to keep just 20 percent? But the fact remains that someone born today, such as my three grandchildren, if we do not do something to change this course, then that person is going to have to pay 82 percent of their lifetime income just to support Government.  Mr. President, I will conclude by sharing an exciting experience I had a year ago yesterday, November 17, 1994. I was sworn in as a Member of the U.S. Senate. That happened to be my 60th birthday. I thought a year ago, how in the world could I ever top this? What do you do for an encore? You are sworn in as a Member of the U.S. Senate on your 60th birthday.  I say, what are we going to do for the 61st birthday? Yet, something much more exciting happened on my 61st birthday yesterday. We passed the Balanced Budget Act of 1995. This is the act that is going to take our kids out of bondage.  As difficult as it is, and I heard it demagogued around this Chamber that we will be slashing programs. We know we will not slash programs. We know we will be increasing Medicare, for example, at a greater rate of growth than the President himself had suggested before.  I think clearly right now the ball is in the court of the President. We have passed it in the House. We have passed it in the Senate. It is now up to the American people, because we know one thing about our President, he does listen very carefully and watch the polls. If it becomes very evident to him that this is the last opportunity we have to commit ourselves in America to a balanced budget, as I believe this is our last chance, then, I think he may not be doing as he said, and will sign the Balanced Budget Act of 1995.  I thank the Senators from Nebraska for allowing me to move ahead.  I yield the floor.  