President, during the time that I was privileged to sit in the chair, some comments were made that I think should be responded to.  A comment was made that we are doing something constructively about the deficit today. Reference was made that President Clinton's budget was dramatically cutting the deficit.  I was reminded of an article that anyone can find, if they wanted to get last December's Reader's Digest. It was called ``Budget Baloney.'' In this article, they talked about how politicians refer to cutting deficits as if somehow they are going to bring the deficit and the debt under control. They used this example. They said if a guy has $5,000 but he wants a $10,000 car, all he does is say, ``Well, I really want a $15,000 car, and I have effectively taken a $10,000 car and, therefore, cut the deficit by $5,000.''   [[Page S3376]] If we take to the conclusion of 5 years the budget that the President has submitted to us for the fiscal year coming up, it would increase the debt by $200 billion a year for the next 5 years. That is an increase in the debt at the end of that time by $1 trillion. I think the American people are aware of this. I think a few years ago they got tired of the smoke and mirrors that we were doing here in Washington and they became aware of what is really happening.  The second thing that was mentioned was the cuts--all of these draconian cuts that would be necessary, if we had been successful in passing the balanced budget amendment. I would suggest to you that there are ways of balancing the budget without having any cuts; that is, just limit the growth. There was a study made using the figures that were supplied by the Federal Government that, if we could put merely a 2-percent growth cap on Government spending, we would be able to bring the deficit down to zero at end of 6 years. This can be done. But Congress in both Houses has had historically an insatiable appetite to spend money that they do not have, and without the discipline that would be imposed upon them by a constitutional amendment for a balanced budget, it has been demonstrated that for 40 years they are incapable of that discipline.  The third thing that was talked about was the awareness of what is going on around the country. I suggest that there is not one Senator who would go home and misrepresent his or her position to his or her constituents. However, it has been quite evident that there are many people in some of the States who really believed that their Senator was in favor of a balanced budget amendment. Now, I think the good news in today's vote is they all know, and they know which Senators voted yes and which Senators voted no.  Last, during the debate, I put together a profile of those individuals who were in support of the so-called ``right-to-know amendment'' to the balanced budget amendment. That was the amendment that says show us exactly where the cuts are going to be for the next 7 years. I found that all 41 of those cosponsors had either a D or an F rating by the National Taxpayers Union. All 41 had voted for the stimulus bill, which was the largest spending bill increase that we have had in contemporary history.  And so the bottom line is, is it just a coincidence that those 41 who supported that amendment also were the big tax and spenders here in the U.S. Senate? No, I do not think so. In fact, I am having my staff, right now, look at the 34 who voted against it this time. And I suspect that we are going to find the same thing; that is, those 34, each one of whom was responsible for killing the balanced budget amendment today, I suspect, was a big tax and spender. When we find out, we will give this report tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  