I think it is very symbolic and appropriate, the pen that the President used to sign the veto message yesterday was, indeed, the pen that had been used during the Great Society days that started this shift in attitude in Government, so that Government has a greater responsibility for all of us, beginning back in the 1960's.  I think the fact that he is using that pen to veto the Balanced Budget Act of 1995 is a very interesting occasion, because that is the date that all of this started.   I remember it so well because I was serving at that time in the State legislature in Oklahoma. We were so concerned at that time because the year that I am thinking of our total debt was $200 billion. I remember on a TV ad they were trying to impress upon the people of America how much money that was so they had $100 bills they were stacking up until it got to the height of the Empire State building. That is what our debt was.  Of course, now that is what our annual deficit is, has been, and what our annual deficit would continue to be under any budget that the President has come forth with.  I am going to keep an open mind. I am hoping the President will come forth with something that will keep his commitment that he made during the vote on the continuing resolution a couple weeks ago when he said that he agreed to come up using real numbers, CBO numbers, with a balanced budget by the year 2002.  And I agree with the Senator from Idaho that it is so incredibly significant that we do this and do this now. I have said several times on the floor, I do not believe if we pass up this opportunity there will be another opportunity in my lifetime to have a balanced budget or to seek a balanced budget so we can then start working on reducing the debt that we have piled up in this country.  Again, I do not look at this as a fiscal issue. It should not be looked at as a fiscal issue. And every time the liberals, holding on with white knuckles to the past, to the 1960's, to the programs where Government has the responsibility--an entitlement--to take care of people from the cradle to the grave, that Government cannot afford to do it.  I look at it as a moral issue when I look at my three grandchildren and realize that statistically--and this can all be documented--if we do not do something to change the course that we have set upon, that any child, including my three grandchildren, who is born in this particular time, will have to spent 82 percent of his or her lifetime income just to service and support Government.  This is morally wrong. For all those people, including the President, trying to hold on to the past, we will win this. When the Senator from Idaho said, and I heard the Senator from Wyoming earlier say, this was a mandate and the elections of 1994--it is clearly a mandate. All the postelection surveys show very clearly of all the mandates that came with that election, that totally transformed the makeup of the House and the Senate, it was a mandate to balance the budget.  We are committed to doing that. We will do everything within our being to see that it happens.  Mr. President, I only have one comment on another subject because I think it is critical that the Senators are all aware that there is going to be a vote prior to the 14th having to do with the President's program to deploy troops on the ground in Bosnia.  Yesterday at the Senate Armed Services Committee some very revealing things occurred. We had Secretary Perry and General Shalikashvili, the two top people representing the President and his programs to send troops into Bosnia on the ground. They testified. During their testimony, Secretary Perry was talking about all the peace that has existed in the Tuzla area, that northeast sector of Bosnia; General Shalikashvili was talking about how similar and what a fine job they have done in the training of our troops in the very famous 6- by 12-mile box in Germany and how that so nearly equated to the actual environment in Bosnia.  When it came time to cross-examine, I asked General Shalikashvili, ``Are you aware that the conditions in which you are training these people do not even resemble the conditions in the northeast sector?''  He said, ``No.''  I said, ``Tell me when the last time you were there was.''  At that we discovered, Mr. President, that the man who is the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the architect of the program to send Americans in on the ground in Bosnia, had never been to that part of Bosnia where he is proposing to send our troops.  When Secretary Perry talked about the peace that had been in effect there I asked him a question. I said, ``I was in the Tuzla area. I wore a shrapnel jacket. I wore a helmet. We could hear the automatic weapons going off. This is supposedly during a cease-fire. Where is this peace you are talking about, and when is the last time you, Secretary Perry, were in Bosnia?''  He said he had never been there, either.  For the first time I realized why there is such a disregard for the hostility of the area that we are talking about sending our troops in. It is because they have not even been there.  I just want to serve notice and make sure that all Senators can be thinking about how they will vote on a very simple straight-up resolution that merely says we disapprove of the President's program to send ground troops into Bosnia.  Of course that does not mean we are disapproving support of the troops. We support our troops wherever they might be. I think we can certainly perform air operations that would be of support to that exercise, without endangering the lives of our Americans.  Back on the budget, I am convinced that this is our last time in my lifetime that we will have to correct a problem that began in the 1960's, that those individuals--the liberals here in this body and the other body and the President of the United States--are trying to hold on to, as I said before, with white knuckles.  I commend the Senator from Idaho for all the efforts he has made and the leadership he has shown in this effort.  