President, what we have been talking about today is a very significant thing. It is something that we are concerned about to the extent that those of us who ran for reelection last time can tell you that this is on the minds of the American people, not just large and small businesses but individuals as well. This issue is probably the most critical issue to come before the Congress in the minds of the American public. It will redesign the regulatory process of the Federal Government.  One of the distinctions, for those of us who have served in both bodies, that is most noticeable is that over here on this side you only run every 6 years. The drawback to that is you sometimes lose contact with what people are thinking. For those of us who went through an election, Mr. President, this last time, I can assure you there are two mandates that went with that election which have to be ranked No. 1 and No. 2, and I am not sure in which order they would be.  One, of course, is doing something about the deficit, and the other is doing something about the abusive bureaucracy and the overregulation that we find in our lives. I have had this fortified since the election in that I have had 77 townhall meetings since January, and it always comes up.  The Senator from Utah was talking about the horror stories. Let me assure you there are a lot of horror stories. We have heard a lot today, and we will have heard a lot more. But I have categorized about six things that have come out of these townhall meetings which were prominent in the minds of Americans during the last elections.  They are: First, the American public wants a smaller Federal Government. Second, the public demands fewer Government regulations. Third, people want regulations that are cost effective. Fourth, they want Federal bureaucracies to quit invading their lives. Fifth, small businesses need regulatory relief to survive and create jobs. Sixth, people want the Government to use common sense in developing new regulations.  When debating and discussing this issue, most people focus on the direct cost of regulations on businesses and on the general public, which is enormous. Over $6,000 is the cost each year for each American family because of the cost of regulation. For each senseless and burdensome regulation, we have Government bureaucracies and agencies proposing, writing, enacting, and enforcing these needless regulations, and this actually drives up the national debt.  This is something that has not been discussed, and I wish to give credit to a professor from Clemson University, Prof. Bruce Yandle, who made quite a discovery. He discovered that there is a direct relationship between the deficit each year and the number of regulations.  Our Federal Register is the document in which we find the listing of the regulations. The discovery that Professor Yandle made is portrayed on this chart. This is kind of interesting because the red line designates the number of pages in the Federal Register. In other words, we are talking about the red line which goes up like this. And this out here is the peak of the Carter administration when we were trying to get as many regulations on the books before they changed guard after Ronald Reagan was the designee for President of the United States.  Now, the yellow columns here designate in billions of dollars the Federal deficit for that given year. Now, look at this; it is really remarkable. You have this line that is trailing this line going across almost exactly at the same rate. In other words, in those years when we have a higher Federal deficit, we also have more pages of regulations.  And so I would contend to you that the best way we can address the deficit problem is to do something about the overregulation, do something to cut down the number of regulations in our society.  The bill under consideration today, the Comprehensive Regulatory Reform Act of 1995, will go a long way to meeting the concerns of the American public on needless and burdensome Federal regulations. And, as the Senator from Utah said, I would like to have this bill stronger. I think it should be stronger. But this is a compromise bill. This is one that many people on the other side of the aisle who really do not feel we are overburdened with regulation think is probably a good compromise. I would prefer to have it stronger, but it is a compromise, and it is the best we could hope for now.  I would like to outline a few of the key components of the bill, because I think we have kind of lost track of what it actually does, and then give some examples of the types of regulations that we are exposed to. As the Senator from Utah, I spent 35 years of my life in the private sector so I have been on the receiving end of these regulations. I know the costs of these regulations.  An economist the other day said, with all this talk about Japan, if you want to be competitive with Japan, export our regulations to Japan and we will be competitive.  One section of the bill is cost-benefit analysis. The bill will require the use of cost-benefit analysis for major rules, those which have gross annual effects on the economy of $50 million or more, requiring that the benefits of the rule justify the costs of the rule.  This is not the more stringent language we talked about at one time back in January of the benefits outweighing the costs, which I would prefer, but a much more neutral compromise. This is a commonsense approach to costs and benefits. If you are going to buy something for yourself at the store, you do not want to pay more than the benefits you receive from it. It is like buying a 32 cent stamp for 50 cents. You just do not do it. It is like throwing away your laptop computer at the end of each day. Smart shoppers want their money's worth, and I think the American public is entitled to get their money's worth by having some way to measure the value of these regulations.  The second area that is addressed is risk assessment. The bill would require a standardized risk assessment process for all rules which protect human health, safety, or the environment. It will require ``rational and informed risk management decisions and informed public input into the process of making agency decisions.'' I do not see how anyone can be against making informed decisions.  This section will require the ``best reasonably available scientific data'' to be used and the risk involved to be characterized in a descriptive manner, and the final risk assessment will be reviewed by a panel of peers.  These are not outrageous requirements but basic justifications which should be met by the Government before it imposes costly regulations on businesses costing them millions of dollars and on American families costing them thousands of dollars.  The third area is that of the regulatory review and petition process. The bill will require each agency to review its regulations every 5 years to determine if the rule is still necessary. You know, there are a lot of agencies that are not necessary.  I can remember a very famous speech that was made one time by a man back in 1965 who later on became President of the United States. He observed in that speech, which I think should be in the textbooks of Americans today-- it was called A Rendezvous With Destiny--he said there is nothing closer to immortality on the face of the Earth than a government agency. That is the way it is with regulations. They impose the regulations. Maybe the problem goes away or someone takes away that problem, but the regulations stay in. So this would require that every 5 years they look and review to see if they are still needed. If the agency decides not to rewrite a particular regulation, then members of the regulated community--those are the people that are paying taxes for all this fun we are having up here--can petition the agency to have the rule reconsidered.  Now, this will allow the public to draw attention to the needless regulations that help put government back in the hands of the American people. Nothing unreasonable about that at all.  Then the fourth area is that of judicial review. The bill will also allow for judicial review of these new regulatory requirements. This is important because the regulated community must have some redress for poorly designed or arbitrary regulations. It is no good to require regulatory agencies to change their process if there is no one watching over to make sure that they comply with this.  I realize President Clinton and his regulatory agency heads are dead set against the provision. They did not mind that they look over everybody else's shoulders enforcing the regulatory nightmares on private citizens and the companies that are paying for all these taxes, but they do not want the judicial process to oversee them. So overall the bill will go a long way toward preventing needless and overly burdensome regulations from taking effect.  Unfortunately, there are many examples of existing regulations which have not followed this new process to help stop stupid regulation from being enacted. I would like to just highlight a couple of these, one having to do with the wetlands regulations.  The EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers have promulgated regulations which broadly define the definition of what constitutes a wetland. Under the 1989 definition, land could be dry for 350 days a year and still be classified as wetlands. And to add to some of the examples that have been made here on the floor today:  Mr. Wayne Hage, a Nevada rancher, hired someone to clear scrub brush from irrigation ditches along his property and faces up to a 5-year sentence under the Clean Water Act because it redirected streams.  Another example: Mr. John Pozsgai, a 60-year-old truck mechanic in Philadelphia, filled in an old dump on his property that contained abandoned tires, rusty cars, and had to serve nearly 2 years in jail because he did not get a wetlands permit.  James and Mary Mills of Broad Channel, NY, were fined $30,000 for building a deck on their house which cast a shadow on a wetland.   Endangered species. The Endangered Species Act has infringed upon the property rights of property owners all over the country. When 14-year-old Eagle Scout Robert Graham was lost for 2 days in the New Mexico Santa Fe National Forest, the Forest Service denied a rescue helicopter to land and pick up the Scout where he was spotted from the air because it was a wilderness area.  Mr. Michael Rowe of California wanted to use his land to build on, but it was located in a known habitat of the Kangaroo rat. In order to build, he was told--keep in mind this is his land that he owns--he was told to hire a biologist for $5,000 to survey the land. If no rats were found, he could then build only if he paid the Government $1,950 an acre in development mitigation fees. If even one rat was found, he could not build at all. This is his property, property he bought long before this thing was in effect.  Here we have the Constitution with the 5th amendment and the 14th amendment that are supposed to protect property rights without due process.  Here is Marj and Roger Krueger who spent $53,000 on a lot for their dream- house in the Texas hill country. But they could not build on the land because the golden-cheeked warbler had been found in the canyon adjacent to their lands.  And OSHA regulations. I remember when OSHA regulations first came out. At that time I was in business. Of course, I was a part-time legislator in the State of Oklahoma. I was in the State Senate. I used to make speeches and take the manual that is about that thick, the OSHA Manual of Regulations to which all manufacturers had to comply, and I would speak to manufacturers' organizations. And I said, ``I can close anybody in the room down.'' I would be challenged. ``No. We run a good clean shop. You cannot close us.'' I would find regulations that if you were the type of inspector that would walk in, if you wanted to, you could close someone down.  You know, Mr. President, this is one of the problems we have. Years ago I was mayor of the city of Tulsa. We had about 5,000 uniformed police officers. Most of them were great. Now, you have someone who cannot handle the authority that is vested in them by law. The same is true when you get out in the field. It can happen in any bureaucracy, whether it is the EPA, the OSHA regulators, inspectors, or FAA, anyone else, certainly IRS and FDA, and the rest of them.  Anyway, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration is supposed to protect safety and health for workers. But too often the regulators at OSHA have gone overboard, costing jobs and imposing fines.  For example, OSHA regulations have put the tooth fairy out of business, requiring dentists to dispose of teeth in the same manner as human tissue in a closed container for disposal.  In Florida, the owner of a three-person silk-screening company was fined by OSHA for not having a hazardous communications program for his two employees.  Two employees of DeBest, Inc., a plumbing company in Idaho, jumped into the trench to save the life of a coworker who had been buried alive. The company was fined $7,875 because the two workers were not wearing the proper head gear when they jumped into the trench.  Mr. President, I could just go on and on as they have today with example after example of abuses that have taken place. And they are abusing the very people who are paying the taxes.  Last, let me reemphasize, this chart speaks for itself because there is a direct relationship between the deficits that we have experienced every year and the number of pages in the Federal Register which indicates the number of regulations that are in effect.  I thank the President for his time.  