President.  First of all, let me thank the Senator from Arizona for bringing this up. I think it is significant for all of us to realize that had it not been for the bombing in Oklahoma City, we would not be here today. We would not even be having a discussion. There would not be a debate on habeas reform. There would not be a counterterrorism bill.  Certainly, this contentious item of habeas that we have been trying to bring up, at least for the last 9 years that I know of, would not even be discussed in an open debate as it is today. So it is very significant for people to understand this is all precipitated by the tragedy that took place in April of this year in Oklahoma City.  On Monday of this week, we had a group of people that came up from Oklahoma. Among others, they were Diane Leonard, whose husband, Don, a Secret Service agent, was killed in the bombing; we had Glenn Seidl, who lost his wife, Kathy; Kay Ice, who lost her brother, Paul, a Customs Agent; Mike Reyes, who lost his father and was injured himself; and Danny McKinney, Linda's husband. It goes on and on. There is not time to name all of them. But they were here for one reason. That reason is that they wanted to be sure that we had the strongest possible habeas reform in this bill.  So when you stop and realize what has happened in Oklahoma, and what happened in Oklahoma as I mentioned once before on this floor, but I think it is worth bringing up again at this point because it gives you an insight into what the families of the victims in Oklahoma are thinking about because it is something that is contemporary right now--a guy named Roger Dale Stafford is scheduled to be executed on July 1. I do not know whether he will be. It is hard to say. In the spring of 1978, someone stopped to help him with his car. He was broken down in Oklahoma. He murdered in cold blood a Sergeant Lorenz, and the sergeant's wife and small son, and drove 60 miles to Oklahoma City, and committed a great crime known as ``The Sirloin Stockade Crime,'' where he rounded up six people and took them into the refrigerator, tied them up, and executed the six of them. He has been found guilty on all nine counts and has nine death sentences. That was 17 years ago.  I might suggest that Roger Dale Stafford today is 100 pounds heavier than he was 17 years ago. So I am sure he is eating well. He has been in the cell, probably living under better conditions than he was before, for the past 17 years.  I cannot help but think when anyone is considering a crime of the magnitude of that which we had in Oklahoma City, Mr. President, that they spend a lot of time thinking, ``What is the downside? What is the worst thing that can happen to me if I get caught and convicted? It is going to be that I will be executed. Wait a minute. The average time between conviction and execution in America is 9\1/2\ years. So I will be there for 10 or 15 or 20 years watching color TV in an air-conditioned cell.''  That loses its deterrent value for those of us who are narrow enough in our thinking to believe that punishment is a deterrent to crime.  So without this, we have no way of delivering the message to other individuals who might be considering such a heinous crime as that which was committed in Oklahoma City.  So let me just say that I am here today on behalf of multitudes of people in the State of Oklahoma who were killed in the brutal bombing, the mass murder that took place last April in Oklahoma City.  The message they told us last Monday to deliver on the floor of this Senate, the loud and clear message, was yes, if this does not pass, we still want to support the bill as it is right now and the habeas element that is in the bill. That is fine. But the message was let us get the strongest possible habeas [[Page S7831]] reform that we can have. That happens to be the John Kyl amendment.  So I am not here speaking on behalf of one U.S. Senator from the State of Oklahoma. I am speaking on behalf of the families of those individuals who were killed in that very brutal act in April of this year.  Thank you, Mr. President.  