I thank him for all of his efforts in behalf of the unborn.  I think the senior Senator from Oklahoma is correct when he says that there are not any votes that are going to be changed by this discussion we are having today. We know when we walk in here how we were going to vote on this. We have debated this. There is not a person in this Chamber who has not debated and has not voted on this issue more than once. And so the benefit of this discussion we are having today is not for each other, not to change votes. It is for whoever might be watching, for maybe those rainy regions of America where people are stuck inside and a couple million people may be watching this. So I think that it is worth at least responding to a couple of things that have been said.  The Senator from Pennsylvania is a very eloquent attorney. He made some comments about Henry Foster. He said that his only wrongdoing and the thing that caused him not to be confirmed was his position on abortion.  That is not the case at all. It was his positions--plural--on abortion where he started out saying he had not performed abortions. Then it was 12, then 30, then 300. That has nothing to do with the subject today, but I thought I would just mention it.  The Senator from Illinois talked several times about the fact that this is a private matter; that Government should not be involved in the issue of abortion. I suggest to the Senator from Illinois that Government was not involved in this until abortion became a reality with Roe versus Wade. We seem to forget in this body that there are three branches of Government. It is not just the legislative branch. And the judicial branch of Government did all of a sudden make this an issue, so Government is the reason that we have an issue.  While I was serving in the other body, I kept track one time. Over an 8-year period, five out of six votes having to do with abortion had to do with the Federal funding of abortion. That is the Federal Government being involved in our lives.  Then the Senator from California, the junior Senator from California, made the comment that any decision having to do with abortion should be in consultation and concern with--those were her words, I believe--her husband, consultation and concern with her own body, consultation and concern with the doctor, consultation and concern with the rabbi. I suggest she is overlooking one very important part, and that is the most helpless of all, that little human being. That little human being cannot take care of himself or herself. I suggest the husband can; I suggest that the doctor can; certainly the junior Senator from California can; and certainly the rabbi can. But the one person not represented on that list is the little human being, the tiny baby. If somebody wants to explore that a little bit further and determine in his mind or her mind whether or not that is a little baby, I suggest you walk up to the President there and he will hand you a Bible and you might look for and read the 139th Psalm.  I yield back the time.  