President, I thank the Senator from New Mexico for yielding. I wanted to ask a question of the distinguished Senator from Arkansas when he was very eloquently expressing his position. He was unable to yield to me.  What I was going to ask him is, I heard him state several times on the floor of this body the tax reductions that took place under the Reagan administration. There is a fact that has to be stated at this time, every time someone talks about that, and that is the total revenues for marginal rates in 1980 amounted to $244 billion; in 1990, from the marginal rates that had been decreased, the total tax amounted to $466 billion. In other words, we almost doubled the revenue during that 10-year period, and what happened during that period, as was pointed out by the Senator from Arkansas, is that we had the most significant tax reductions during that period of time. In other words, we increased revenue by reducing taxes, and that has gotten lost in this debate somehow.  Then another observation I had after listening to the Senator from Arkansas was that those same individuals who are fighting the tax reduction that we are proposing in this resolution are the same ones that supported the largest tax increase in the history of America, as it was characterized by not a conservative Republican, Jim Inhofe, but by the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee in 1993: The Clinton tax increase was the largest single tax increase in the history of America or the history of public finance.  Who are the ones who voted for that? Those individuals who voted for that tax increase were the big spenders as ranked by the National Taxpayers Union, National Tax Limitation Committee and all of the other organizations that ranked big spenders in Congress.  So you had the big spenders who were for a tax increase at that time. All we are trying to do is say, ``Mr. President, you made a mistake back in 1993 by passing a big tax increase. We want to repeal some of that tax increase.''  So the same individuals that are opposing our reduction in taxes now, to give some of the taxes back to individuals in America, are the ones who were supporting a major tax increase.  The last thing I want to mention is that those individuals who in 1993 supported the huge tax increases, a very large percentage of them are not around to vote today because those who came up for reelection during the 1994 election, when that was the major issue in their campaign, were defeated. We have shown that with charts on the floor many times before.  I thank the Senator for yielding.  