BYRD. I will in a moment. Why wait? Why not do it now? Instead, we continue to hear those who are up here every day pining over the loss of the balanced budget amendment, still bewailing the loss of the constitutional amendment that they say would give us discipline, that would put a little iron in our backbone; that great constitutional amendment, still crying over it, weeping, bemoaning the days of the past when the Senate voted down that monstrosity--killed it.  I hope that Senators will stop whining and weeping and bemoaning that vote. Let us get on with balancing this budget that they want so much to do. Let us get on with doing something for our children and grandchildren, which the Senators say they want so much to do. And, first of all, may I say to my friends on the other side, stop talking about Mr. Clinton until you yourselves are willing to vote for a deficit reduction package that he helped us to work out. You did not demonstrate your willingness to do that.  The Senator from Oklahoma was not here at that time, of course. But Republican Senators did not demonstrate a willingness in 1993 to exercise a little discipline, a little steel in the backbone. They used the excuse, and still use it, that it increased taxes.  I say, let them haul down the banner, haul down their own party banner of a tax cut. It is silly--silly--whether you use the old math or the new math. How in the world can anyone with a straight face get up here day after day and complain about a balanced budget constitutional amendment that was rejected and, at the same time, support a so-called Contract With America that would advocate a $200-billion-plus tax cut? That is what the Republican leadership is doing, advocating over $200 billion in tax cuts to the middle class.  If we really mean business about reducing the deficit, that will bring more relief to the middle class and every other class in this country and to our children and to our children's children, let us get on with balancing the budget, and not rule out the raising of taxes. That is a tool that could be used to balance the budget and to decrease the deficit. I am not on the Finance Committee or the Ways and Means Committee, but I certainly am open to suggestions as to how we might enact a tax increase that would be calculated and directed toward reduction of the deficit. There are many people in this country who can afford such a tax. Do not put the tax option off the table. At least leave it on the table as something to consider.  Yes, I yield.  