President, the idea is that nobody benefits from a capital gains tax or some of these tax reductions until they have actually provided a stimulus to the economy. For example, if you have a capital gains tax, the individual who will eventually benefit from that tax cannot benefit until he has already started a company, already invested his money, already met a payroll, and already hired people. What the liberals in Congress refuse to recognize is that for each 1 percent increase in economic activity in America, it produces an additional $24 billion of new revenue.  I am so sick and tired of sitting on the floor here listening to the liberal Members of Congress talk about how it did not work in the 1980's, how we tried tax reductions in the 1980's and look what happened to the deficit. Well, the deficit went up during that decade, but [[Page S5281]] it did not go up because we had tax reductions. It went up because the Members of the House and the Senate have an insatiable appetite to spend money that is not theirs and are borrowing it from future generations.  I will give you an example. Back in 1980, the total revenues that were derived from the marginal tax rates in America were $244 billion. Then, in 1990, the total revenues that were derived from the marginal tax rates in America were $466 billion. What happened during that 10-year period? During that 10-year period, we had the greatest tax reductions in this Nation's history. Remember, the highest rate went down from 70 percent to 28 percent. We had capital gains tax reductions. We had reductions all the way down so that people knew they could keep more of the money that they made. This stimulated people to invest in equipment, in company, in employment, and it did, to borrow a phrase that is often abused by our President, it did ``grow America.'' So we almost doubled the revenue during that 10-year period when we had the largest tax reduction.  I would like to mention one of the things that I told the Senator from Wyoming, Senator Thomas, that I would make a reference to; that is, the moral issue that we are dealing with right now. I gave a talk not long ago where I had the pictures of two beautiful children on an easel behind me. Those two beautiful children I identified in the first hour as being my two grandchildren, Glade and Maggie. Each of them will be celebrating their second birthday this month. They are beautiful little children.  When people talk about the programs they say are going to be cut when we have passed a balanced budget amendment--and we will try to reach a balanced budget--and they try to pull on the heartstrings of America and say that all these great, wonderful Government social programs are going to be cut, they neglect to tell you who is really going to be punished by these programs, who is really going to be punished if we do not do something to bring the budget into balance, which we are going to do. And I do not want to sound partisan here, but by Republicans taking over the House and the Senate, you are going to see some cuts. You are going to see come growth caps. But you will see our budget come back into balance, and we are targeting right now the year 2002.  Let us look at what is going to happen if we do not do this in America. According to the CBO and all the other analysts, where are we in America today if we do not have some type of a change in the program that we have had? They have said that, if we continue to go on as we have gone in the past, if we do not pass a balanced budget amendment, if we do not bring it into balance, that a person who is born today, during his or her lifetime, will have to pay 82 percent of his or her lifetime income for taxes to support the Government programs. Stop and think about that.  The other day, we had an interesting visitor. We had a number of visitors from all over the world. This was during the National Prayer Breakfast. We had people from all over the world there. I was in charge of a group of the national visitors from the Ukraine, from Eastern Europe and some of that area. One man was here from Moldavia. He asked me a very interesting question. He said, ``Senator Inhofe, here in the United States, how much can you keep?''  I said, ``Pardon me? I do not understand what you are saying.''  He said, ``Well, when you earn something, how much do you have to give the Government?''  I said, ``Well, that is a real interesting question.'' I kind of established a guess because there is not really a very simple answer to that question when you stop and think about what the Government really absorbs.  But he said, ``We are celebrating in Moldavia. We are so thrilled that finally, after all these years of communism, we now have a free economy. We now have a free society. We now can own property. We now can buy businesses and we can work hard and pass on to future generations that which we reap.''  I said, ``In your country, how much do you have to give the Government?'' He said, very proudly, ``We get to keep 20 percent.'' I said, ``How does that work?'' He said, ``Well, when you earn money, if you earn a dollar, you have to give 80 cents of that dollar to the Government.'' They do not wait until year end, Mr. President. This is something that is ongoing. And then we looked around at each other and thought, here are these people, seeking their freedom, so excited about this, they are all through with communism, and they can benefit and they can enrich themselves and future generations and how happy they were, and yet they have to give to Government 80 percent of what they have.  Mr. President, that brings it really to the surface of where we are today. If we do not do something to change this path, we will be behind Moldavia. It will cost our future generations 82 cents on the dollar.  So I would like to think that this is not a fiscal issue. It is a moral issue. We are going to see in the next few weeks the Republicans coming out in the House and the Senate with a program, with a budget, a proposed budget that would eliminate the deficit by the year 2002. I disagree with the way we are doing it. I hate to be the one who disagrees with my own party. I have talked to different people who are on the Budget Committee, and I say I think we are making a mistake when we come out with a budget and say exactly where we are going to cut programs, where we are going to expand programs. Why not do what we know would work? Let us put spending caps on. If we initiate a resolution that says we are not going to let any Government program increase more than 2 percent, we would not touch one program, not have a reduction in one program, not have elimination of one program, and we would be able to balance the budget by the year 2002.  That is because--and most people do not realize it and you are not going to hear it said by a lot of the liberals here in Congress--our problem is not where to cut programs but how to stop the accelerated growth. And when you hear people like the President standing up and saying proudly, ``We are cutting the deficit,'' that is garbage.  There is an article everyone should read. It was in the Reader's Digest last year. It was called ``Budget Baloney.'' And in it they described how Members of Congress say they are cutting the deficit. They described it this way: They say let us say you have $5,000 but you want to buy a $10,000 car. All you have to say is I really want a $15,000 car, but I will settle for a $10,000 car and I have cut the deficit by $5,000.  That is the way they do things around here.  Let me suggest to you that there is going to be a come-home-to-roost time. There is going to be a time when these individuals who have habitually voted for expanded Government into our lives and are not a part of the revolution of November 8 are going to have to come back and take the consequences.  I would like to show you just two charts that we put together back when we were debating the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution.  This chart shows the characterization of those Members of the Senate who were voting for an amendment called the Right To Know Act. Now, what this was was an amendment to the balanced budget amendment to the Constitution, and it said show us exactly where you are going to cut every program. Obviously, you cannot do that 7 years in the future. But we analyzed the voting behavior of the 41 Senate cosponsors of this bill. We find that every one of them voted yes on the $16 billion President Clinton tax stimulus program which was the largest increase in spending that we have had in one bill, I believe, in the history of the Congress; that every one of the 41 who had signed on as cosponsors to this amendment was ranked by the National Taxpayers Union as either a D or an F. In other words, the people who were behind this were the people who were the big spenders in Congress.  Then the most revealing chart is the one that shows what is going to happen to a lot of these people by showing what did happen to them in the revolution of November 8.  On November 8, there were either defeated or retired in the Senate eight Senators. Of the eight Senators, all eight voted for the spending increase. This was the spending increase that put all kinds of subsidized programs in [[Page S5282]] there, supposedly to stimulate the economy. All of them voted for the tax increase. The tax increase was the 1993 tax increase that President Clinton had. It was characterized as the largest single tax increase in the history of public finance in America or any place in the world, and those are not the words of conservative Republican Jim Inhofe. Those are the words of Patrick Moynihan, who at that time was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee.  Further down here they all had either D or F ratings by the National Taxpayers Union. In other words, they were the big spenders, and those are the ones who were defeated. They are not here. Look around. They are not here.  In the House of Representatives, 66 of them went out. Almost all of the 66 voted yes on the stimulus bill, voted yes on the tax increase, and had a D or F rating by the National Taxpayers Union.  So I just suggest to you, Mr. President, that we make it abundantly clear to the liberals in Congress, the few liberals who are left, because most of them were wiped out in the November 8 revolution, there is going to be another wave coming up in 1996, and this is the opportunity for us to be fiscally responsible, for us to be able to stand up and say no to some of these useless programs that have outlived their usefulness and say yes to future generations, including my two grandchildren, Glade and Maggie Inhofe. This is what is going to work for America, and this is probably the centerfold of the revolution of November 8.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  