President, tonight we are going to be voting on some amendments that are very significant, and I want to take an opportunity to express some views concerning those amendments. One is going to be offered to refund to its 1995 fiscal year level--I believe it is $415 million--the Legal Services Corporation.  This is a place we should draw the line, go back. In fact, this is one area where the Senate came out with a better proposal than the House came out with. It is my understanding the House suggested reducing the funding to $278 million. The Senate would reduce it down to $210 million and have that block granted out to the States.  I really believe the Legal Services Corporation was conceived as a part of the Great Society program, understandably, perhaps, at the time, to offer legal services to the poor. However, over a period of years it has turned into an agency that is trying to reshape the political and legal and social fabric of America. In fiscal year 1995, the taxpayers spent $415 million to operate the Legal Services Corporation. However, the cost, the $415 million, is only a very small part of it when you consider the extensive class action suits and frivolous litigation that has followed.  There are so many examples that have been given here on the floor, and that I have given myself, concerning the activities of the LSC. The negative effects of the LSC's attempts to reorder society permeate our culture, from the business community to government to homes to churches. Perhaps the most troubling is the role of legal aid in challenging parental involvement statutes, so-called children's rights advocates such as Mrs. Clinton, who served as the chairperson for the LSC's board that challenged parental consent laws in several States. The income level of the litigants was often ignored. It really cannot be used as an argument that it was to provide legal services for the poor.  Parents are attacked in their efforts in keeping drugs out of their homes. In Idaho, the LSC protested when parents voluntarily invited police into their homes to check for drugs. Legal aid asserted privacy rights of the violators, who were teenagers who were on drugs at the time.  We have had Legal Services also involved in illegal immigration. The LSC supported organizations that sued California for its efforts to ascertain residents' immigration status for emergency Medicaid services. Legal Services promised to take this one to the Supreme Court.  Legal Services also contributes to our public housing woes. The LSC tried to prevent the local housing authority from evicting a woman who was dealing in drugs out of her apartment. Despite overwhelming evidence of constant drug-related activity, the LSC lawyers vigorously opposed her eviction on the grounds that she was not aware of what was going on.  The examples go on and on and on. I encourage my colleagues to seriously consider defeating the amendment that will be offered tonight.  There is another one coming up I heard articulated on this floor a moment ago by the Senator from Texas, Senator Gramm. Although he was talking about his amendment, the Shelby-Inhofe amendment that will be offered later on is an amendment to put work back into our prison system. We have proposed in this amendment that we require work, 48 hours per week, along with education pursuits so individuals can go out when they are once released and work themselves back into society.  I know a lot of people are saying these are not country clubs; our prison system already is punishing criminals. I suggest that, since the 1960's, we have grown in this body to be more concerned about the violators than we have the victims.  The other day, I ran into a notice that was posted in one of the Massachusetts correctional facilities where it stated:       A third softball field will be made in the west field in      order to allow more inmates to play softball. The horseshoe      pits will be temporarily relocated near the golf course. The      boccie [or whatever that is called] area will be relocated at      the site of the new gym. The soccer field will be relocated      to the east field behind the softball field.  It goes on to say, ``We hope that our clients''--they do not call them inmates, do not call them prisoners--``will not be inconvenienced too much.''  I think it is time. If there is one mandate that came with the elections of 1994, it was to start to change our prison system, to quit spending the exorbitant amounts, and to get involved in punishment as a deterrent to crime.  I was very proud when we passed our bill through the Senate, after the disaster occurred in the State of Oklahoma, that calls for real habeas reform and, for the first time, in my opinion, reverses the direction of our attitude in terms of crime and punishment.  I yield the floor.  