 I think now in retrospect, and I think he believes the same thing, that was a mistake.  Before I catch a plane, I have one other area the Senator mentioned I feel compelled to address which is the issue of grandchildren.  The Senator might remember here a few weeks ago--it seems as if we have been addressing this subject now for quite a few weeks--I had occasion to give a talk over here for about an hour and 10 minutes with the picture of two beautiful children behind me, and those two children were my grandchildren.  If we are to look at this in a compassionate way, I think that should be the driving force for our actions today because virtually everyone who has made any kind of a prediction, CBO included, has said that if we do not change from the way we have been doing business for the last 10 years and the last 40 years, if you project that forward, someone who is born today such as my two grandchildren, who are less than 2 years old, will have to pay 82 percent of their lifetime income in taxes.  Now, the distinguished Senator advocates increases in taxes. I believe, and I believe the people who voted in the election on November 8 believe, that we can do it without increasing taxes but cutting the size of Government.  I used two charts here in the Chamber to show that those individuals who were opposing the balanced budget amendment were also the same ones who historically on the record are the biggest taxers and spenders in Congress, in both Houses. And also I showed on a chart that those individuals who lost the election, the 66 House Members that are not here after the November 8 election, and the eight Senators who either retired or are not here for one reason or another, all of them had a National Taxpayers Union rating of D or F. That is the universally accepted rating for those people who tax and spend. And all of them had voted for the 1993 stimulus bill, which was the largest spending increase, and the 1993 tax increase, which was the largest tax increase.  