President, several of us last night were opposed to the President's program to mass deploy troops into Bosnia. I remember several talks that many of us who had been over there had that contradicted what the administration says was total peace and a calm environment, with no hostilities since the cease-fire went off. I can remember being before the Senate Armed Services Committee reminding General Shalikashvili and Secretary Perry that, in fact, the firing had not stopped, and the bombs were still going off and then only to find out they had never been up there.  Those of us who are opposed to sending the troops over now will give full support to the troops, full support to the effort, hopefully, something in the way that would cause this to be over there and the troops would come home.  I read this morning--regretfully some news accounts, one of them from the Associated Press--after the treaty was signed and while world leaders are still making speeches in Paris, evening explosions and several heavy machine gun bursts echoed around the front lines of a Sarajevo neighborhood. Bosnian police officials say one shell impacted the roof of a building close by while two rifle grenades were fired toward Bosnian Government positions in the area. Machine gun burst pocketed a southern wall of the Holiday Inn hotel. I know the Presiding Officer was over there, as I was. This is the hotel that used to be the Embassy for the United States. It now just has a few windows left and they are still using it as a hotel. They probably will not be now. It sounds as if things are still happening over there, and hopefully with all of our help and support to the troops that we can accomplish the mission that our troops are over there for.  I personally plan to spend some time over there. I have gotten to know several of the troops that have come from my State of Oklahoma who will be stationed over there. I am hoping I will be able to have a better answer for them than I had before when they asked the question: What is the mission? So we will give our full support to the troops over there and to the mission as the President has described and hopefully it will be over very soon and our troops will come home.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  