President, I sat presiding in the chair listening intently as the Senator from Utah talked about the mandate, as he understood it, when he was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1992.  As one who was elected 2 years later, in 1994, that mandate was not quite the same. It was interesting that those individuals who are talking about term limits did not really address the fact that we have a problem, in that we have the same leadership within each party in the U.S. Senate, as they were concerned about the term limits of individuals serving in the House and in the Senate.  Maybe it is unique to my State of Oklahoma that we had such an intense interest in the fact that people should come here as citizens, serve for a period of time, and then go home and serve under the laws that they passed. It seems as if the term limits debate has become very silent now. I have decided that one reason is that they felt if we had such a turnover, as we had in both Houses of Congress this last time, maybe people do not think that there is a need for term limitation anymore. But I saw a poll that was taken yesterday. I saw the poll that was taken last week, and I was shocked to find out that 72 percent of the American people have very strong feelings about limiting the terms in which Members of the House and Members of the Senate can serve.  I did not expect this because I have heard so many people around the beltway--which is not really real America--say we do not need it anymore because we know now that we can flesh things out and get new blood.  I think that the poll, as it was interpreted, says that people like what happened on November 8, 1994, but they are not real sure that they want to wait 20 years for the same thing to happen again. We are, indeed, better off to have people here who have been in the real world.  I got to thinking about the arguments, since I was the one who proposed term limits many, many years ago. When I was running for office, I stated I would do everything I could--the same as the Senator from Utah said he would do everything he could--to see to it that the terms of leadership would be limited. I made that same commitment to continue the effort to limit terms.  I observed something when I was first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. I have to say, Mr. President, that I am a truly blessed individual. I decided 35 years ago, when all my kids were grown and the runt of my litter was out of college and off doing her thing, that I would do what I always wanted to do and run for Congress. That happened in 1986.  When I arrived in Congress, I found something that shocked me. That is, that the prevailing ideas and mentality of those who are in power in Congress was totally alien to what people outside the beltway thought.  For example, I categorize the thinking of Congress, the majority of Congress who are making the decisions, who are setting the agenda, who are carrying on the debate, into four categories, what they really believe. First, in terms of crime, they really believed that punishment was not a deterrent to crime. In the second area, they believed that government, in concert with Congress, can run the lives of the people of America better than people could in the private sector. They believe that the cold war is coming to an end. Of course, subsequently it was ended, and therefore it is not necessary to put more money in our Nation's defense. That money should go into social programs. They felt that deficit spending is not bad public policy.  When we stop to think about those four areas, almost everything, at least that this Member, former Member of the House experienced, found very offensive, fell into one of those four categories. People felt, as far as the deficit is concerned, they said, ``Well, we are all right on the deficit. We are not concerned about that. After all, we owe it to ourselves,'' without realizing everything we are spending today we are borrowing not from anyone who is here in this Chamber today or in the gallery, or even those who may be watching, but the future generations, such as my three grandchildren. They are the ones who will pay for all this fun we are having up here.  Every time we try to cut some of the fat out of government, cut a social program, the people stand up with bleeding hearts and talk about how can we do this to those poor people who need these programs. Right now, we are in the middle of, and we are reminded that all we are trying to do is take the profit out of illegitimacy, and get people more responsible for their own acts.  Insofar as the defense is concerned, I am embarrassed to stand here and say we are operating with a budget right now that is less than the budget that we are spending on social welfare programs, when we combine State and Federal programs. We are operating on a defense budget that is less than it was in 1980, when we had hollow forces, when we could not afford spare parts. We all remember. It is all in the history. Yet, some believe that the threat that is out there today is greater than the threat that we were facing during the cold war.  At least during the cold war, Mr. President, we could identify who the enemy was. There were two superpowers. So we knew who it was.  Right now, in accordance with comments made not by conservative Republicans, like I am, but by Democrats, Jim Woolsey, who is the Chief Security Adviser to the President of the United States, Bill Clinton, said that we know there are between 20 and 25 nations that have developed or are developing weapons of mass destruction. They are all developing the means to deliver those weapons of mass destruction. We have the Saddam Hussein's and the Qadhafi's, and those out there able and willing to buy technology that is on the market.  Here we are, with a group of people who really believe that there was not any threat out there, when the vast majority of the people of America who voted in the elections in November of 1994 said, ``Yes, we need a strong national defense.''  Government and its relationship to our lives in 1987, when I first got to the U.S. Congress, the majority of people in leadership really believed that the only thing wrong with America was we did not have enough government regulation. We needed more government regulation. When, in fact, that is exactly what is the problem.  Why did these individuals believe these things? They believed these things because many of them had come straight from the fraternity house to Congress--never been out in the real world, never exposed to real people. So they completely lost touch.  That is what precipitated what I refer to as the revolution of November 8, 1994, when we had the greatest turnover in contemporary history. People finally decided, whether they are Democrats or Republicans, back in the real world, that they wanted to make major changes in government as we know it.  Here we are with the reregulation bill that is right now kind of on high center. All we are trying to do is say to the people who voted in new people in Congress, ``Yes, we heard you, loud and clear. We are going to get rid of this overregulated society.''  Someone on a radio talk show not long ago, in fact, the No. 1 radio talk show in America, the host said if you want to compete with the Japanese, export our regulations to Japan and we will be competitive with the Japanese.   We truly are an overregulated society. I have told this story many times, people that I know back in my State of Oklahoma. A guy name Keith Carter, in Skiatook, OK, invented a spray that you put on horses, and apparently it works. Whatever it does, it must work, because he had four employees, and a couple years ago they moved to a larger place down the street from his house, still in Skiatook, OK. He called me up, 4 days before Christmas--this was 2 years ago--and he said, ``Congressman Inhofe''--at that time I was in the House of Representatives--he said, ``The EPA came along and put me out of business.'' I said, ``What did you do wrong?''  ``When I moved down the street 2 years ago, I forgot to notify Washington and the EPA that I had moved.'' I said, ``You mean they did not know where you were?'' He said, ``I notified the regional office, but they did not tell Washington.''  So we got it taken care of. He called back a little later, and he said, ``I appreciate all you did for me, and you got me back in business, but now I have another problem. I have $25,000 worth of bottled spray produced during the 2 weeks I was revoked that they say I cannot use.''  This is the type of overregulation we have in society today. I think the re-regulation bill is going to come out. I think the people of America will have to speak up again and let them know, let Members know, that they are still interested in reducing the abusive role of government as we have come to know it today.  Mr. President, term limits is a very real thing today, and just because we made some major turnovers does not mean that we should not continue the good thing that happened in 1994. A lot of people say, ``Well, you cannot do that; you are taking away my constitutional right to vote for someone as I see fit.'' It was not very long ago when we had to impose term limits on the President of the United States. And it has worked very well since then.  We could use the same arguments. Well, you have taken away my right to vote for someone who has already served two complete terms. Almost every State in the Union right now has term limits on its Governors. The vast majority of the States that have the petition process, the initiative process, were able to either vote in or through an initiative and impose term limits on themselves. However, the U.S. Supreme Court came along and said, ``No, you cannot do that.'' So it can only be done, to be effective and endure the future generations, is to do it with the constitutional amendment.  I intend to continue in that fight. I believe that the message is loud and clear. There are a lot of messages that came out of the elections.  I mentioned that the majority of people who had been operating without term limits and have been here since they graduated from college and did not have experience in the real world, that they honestly did not believe that punishment was a deterrent to crime.  Senator Richard Shelby, from Alabama, and I introduced a bill that would change our prison system and put the work requirements back in. People say, ``How cruel can you be, because these people are poor products of society, and it is not their fault they did something that is wrong. You should not be punishing them.''  There is an article, Mr. President, you ought to read. It was in last November's Readers Digest. It says, ``Why Must Our Prisons Be Resorts?'' And it talks about the new golf courses that they are putting in next to the polo field, or next to the boccie courts. Whatever that is. And how we are going to have to take care of--they do not even call them prisoners anymore in some prisons, they call them clients, because they do not want to offend them.  I may be old fashioned in my thinking. I think punishment has deterred crime. I think history showed that. When we passed the soft-on-crime bill, the omnibus crime bill of 1994, that was the midnight basketball and dancing lessons and all that, the American people were offended by that and those individuals who voted for that bill, most of them, were voted out of office in November 1994. It was just another one of those areas where, if you had been inside the beltway listening to people around here, you forget what the real people at home are thinking. Because it is a different mentality here in Washington, DC.  I do not think that Oklahoma is unique in that respect. I will share an experience that will offend, I think, some of the people here. But it is something that happened to me.  The State of Oklahoma is, by registration, a very strong Democrat State. But the Democrats in the State of Oklahoma are very conservative. They are unlike the Democrats that we have here in Washington. I had an experience down in McCurtain County. McCurtain County in Oklahoma, Mr. President, is what we call severe little Dixie. There are not any Republicans. They are all Democrats. I remember being down there in the campaign and my opponent was an incumbent, the same as I was, an incumbent from the House, both running for the Senate, so we each had records.  I remember someone standing up in a meeting of about 45 people in McCurtain County. I was the only Republican who was in that room that day, including a New York Times reporter who was following me around. Someone stood up in far southeastern Oklahoma, where there are not any Republicans, and said ``Inhofe, you are going to be the first Republican to carry McCurtain County since statehood, the State of Oklahoma statehood in 1907.'' I said, ``Why is that?'' He said, ``Because of the three G's.'' He said, ``God, gays, and guns.''  Let us look at what they were really saying. He said school prayer was an issue in southeastern Oklahoma--school prayer, gays in the military was an issue, and gun control was an issue. During deer season, they closed schools. These are real people. These are not the kind of people you find around the beltway. And this gets right back to the whole idea of term limits.  I really, honestly, believe in my heart that we would not have a lot of the problems that we have had since the 1960's about the role of Government in our lives, we would not have the huge deficits we find ourselves with--if we do not change our spending behavior, a person who is born today is going to have to spend 82 percent of his or her lifetime income just to service Government. And this is what we are going to change.  So I believe the term limit debate is going to be revived again, even if I am the one who has to revive it, because I think the vast majority of Americans honestly and sincerely in their hearts believe that those of us in Congress should someday have to go out and make a living under the laws we passed. The only way to ensure that is if we have limitation of terms.  Early in this country's history it was not necessary. We had people who came in and they could only afford to be here for a short period of time. They did their patriotic duty and they went back and lived with the laws they passed. I think that is exactly what is coming back to America and it is going to serve my grandchildren and all of America very well.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  