 I suggest, as I did yesterday, that one of these newspapers which has always been pro-Democrat, as opposed to Republican, which has been liberal in their editorial policy, the Washington Post, had an editorial just the other day, September 15. This editorial is called ``Medagogues.'' In this editorial, they talk about how the Democrats are trying to draw a relationship between tax relief and balancing the budget.  I suggest that anyone--and it has been  suggested  in  some  of  these  editorials,  not  this  particular one, that if anyone was opposed to the tax increase of the Clinton administration of 1993--this is back when the Democrats controlled the House and the Senate and this was characterized as the largest single tax increase in the history of public finance in America or anyplace in the world, and that was not Jim Inhofe, a conservative Republican talking, that happened to be a Democrat on the floor of the Senate talking, that that was the largest single tax increase in 1993.  What did they do? It was a tax increase on, among other people, the senior citizens, a 50-percent tax increase in Social Security, raising it from 50 to 80 percent. This is something the American people did not want.  So I suggest to you, Mr. President, that if there is anyone out there, including Democrats or Republicans, who opposed that tax increase, they should be for tax relief now. Essentially all we are trying to do is repeal the damage that was done to the American people back in 1993.  ``Medagogues'' is the name of the editorial:       What the Democrats have instead is a lot of expostulation,      TV ads and scare talk.  They go on and on.       But there isn't any evidence that they would ``lose their      Medicare'' or lose their choice of doctor under the      Republican plan.  This is something that is very critical, because this is an important part of the bill that will be considered.  Ten days later, they came out again, and I think this is the first time probably in the history of the Washington Post that they came out twice on the same subject taking the conservative side of an issue. The last two sentences of this editorial are:       The Democrats have fabricated the Medicare-tax cut      connection because it is useful politically. It allows them      to attack and to duck responsibility, both at the same time.      We think it's wrong.  I want to conclude, because my time is almost up. I have to be very critical of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. They are flooding the airwaves throughout America with propaganda such as this one that says: ``Inhofe Feasts on Tax Cut for the Privileged While Children Go to Bed Hungry.''  Just the other day this was sent out to every newspaper in Oklahoma characterizing me as some kind of monster abusing the children, abusing the elderly. All we are trying to do is protect America for the next generation, my grandchildren, which, if we do not do it, will have to spend 82 percent of their lifetime income just to support this monstrous Government.  So, Mr. President, this is what conservatives are going up against. This is the ridicule we have been subjected to. These are the slings and arrows that are happening to us.  I can tell you right now, the American people understand the same as they understood they did not want our health care delivery system turned over to Government, they understand this is the last opportunity we are going to have in America to actually bring this budget under control and, in this case, to eliminate the deficit by the year 2002.  I will conclude by quoting one of my favorite people, Churchill, who said: ``Truth is incontrovertible. Panic may rescind it, ignorance may deride it, malice may destroy it, but there it is.'' And the truth is going to come through. We are going to succeed in this effort. Thank you, Mr. President.  