President, while I was presiding, I was desirous of responding to some of the things that had been said about the subject of this morning's business by a number of the Members of the Congress, specifically one from North Dakota.  During the course of his remarks, he talked about a plan, about the fact that the Republicans have talked about the plan that we had that we are going to discuss, that we have sent to the President that will reach a balanced budget in a period of 7 years, as if somebody else had a plan. I suggest that there is no other plan. If there is a plan, I have not seen it.  The Senator was talking about repeating some of the things that had been said over and over again having to do with reducing Medicare in order to give tax breaks to the rich. I want to say, every time I hear that, that the Republicans had no intention at any point of reducing Medicare. The Republicans gave a program that would have the effect of increasing Medicare by approximately 6.4 percent each year. That would be if a person were getting the maximum Medicare, as accorded today under the current law. That person would receive $4,800 a year. At the end of the 7-year period, that same individual would be getting $6,700 a year.  There is no way to say that that could be considered as a cut in Medicare. To say over and over and over again, with redundancy that is unbearable, that the Republicans are going to try to use cuts in Medicare--which I just talked about, that there are no cuts in Medicare--to give tax breaks to the rich is being unreasonable. Mr. President, 90 percent of the tax breaks that would come from a $500 tax credit per child would go to families under $100,000 of income.  But I want to get down to the point where he was talking about our Nation's defense. He was talking about the Senate bill that was too high, talking about the appropriations bill that was actually some $7 billion more than asked for by the military. I think we all know, being realistic, that when there is a Democrat in the White House, the military is going to be influenced by what that Democrat or a Republican in the White House might want.  We saw what happened back in the 1970's when we had a Democratic President in Jimmy Carter, and we saw our defense budget going down, going down and, of course, the social programs going up. Until such time as 1980, we did not have enough money for spare parts, and we found it necessary after 1980, up to 1985, to increase spending on defense by about 40 percent.  We do not want that to happen again, and yet we have seen during the course of this administration cuts in our defense budget to the extent that right now we are where we were in 1980.  This concerns me, because right now there is a crisis that is taking place and a decision that has been made by this President to send up to 25,000 troops on to the ground in Bosnia. You can talk about doing this and act like the budget is going to remain static during this time, and yet the foreign policy of this administration has put more and more money into humanitarian gestures, Mr. President, to the extent that he has had to come back to this Congress for emergency supplementals.  This is the position we have found ourselves in: We have a Republican-elected House and Senate. We have control. The Republicans gained control in the 1994 elections. And yet we have a President who sends our troops off on humanitarian missions, having no relativity to our Nation's defense. We sent them off to Somalia. Of course, our troops went to Somalia in December under the last month of the Bush administration. And yet, once that humanitarian mission, as described by President Bush when we sent the troops over to Somalia, was over, we time and time again pleaded with President Clinton to bring our troops back from Somalia. There was no mission there that related to our Nation's security interests. Yet, he did not bring them back and they did not come back until 18 of our troops were murdered in cold blood and dragged through the mud through the streets of Mogadishu.   What we do not want to happen in Bosnia--if you look at what the administration has done to our military--is for them to come back and say we need another billion dollars. They came back for a $1.4 billion emergency supplemental just to cover these humanitarian missions in places like Somalia, Haiti, Rwanda, and other places. And we are in a position where we did not have a voice in making the decision to spend that money on humanitarian missions, money we have to borrow from future generations, because we are borrowing this money. Yet, we cannot deny the President his request for emergency supplementals, because if we do that, he will take it out of the operating account of our existing military, and, of course, we are down now to a bare bones military system.  I think what is happening right now in Bosnia has a far greater significance than what we have been talking about in just the cost.  I had occasion to spend 6 months in Bosnia. I did it all in 4 days. It was the most miserable 4 days I ever spent. But I learned something while I was there. I looked around and I saw a country that had been pounded and pounded. Yet, we are not real sure who is doing the pounding all that time. We have three warring factions in Bosnia. We have the Croats, the Bosnian Serbs, the Bosnian Moslems. Yet, while the peace talks are going on, I suggest to you that some of the parties causing the problems over in Bosnia are not at the peace table.  So here we are faced with a dilemma where we are going to have to make decisions as to what is taking place over there, and we are going to try to stop the President from sending 25,000 ground troops in there where, certainly, there will be many, many deaths.  I will wind this up by only repeating the words of the commander of the U.N. forces in Bosnia, that British general, Gen. Michael Rose, who said, ``If the Americans send troops into Bosnia, they will sustain more losses than they did during the Persian Gulf war.'' That was 390 losses. I remember when I asked Secretary Christopher and Secretary Perry, ``Is whatever we are doing over in Bosnia significant enough--whatever mission that is--for the loss of several hundred--specifically over 400--American lives?'' They said, ``Yes.''  So I think there is the basis of the difference of opinion. Is the mission of containing a civil war and of protecting the integrity of NATO worth several hundred American lives. I say, ``no.''  That is another debate that is going on now. I would like to advise the President that it is my intention to introduce legislation that is going to make it more difficult for him to send troops into Bosnia on the ground.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Grassley). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  