 Mr. President, I think it is appropriate during this debate to be aware of something that is going on around the Nation today that there are those individuals trying to hold on to the past with white knuckles and using taxpayers' money to do that.  I was shocked to find out yesterday that in my hometown of Tulsa, OK, we had a traveling troupe from Texas. These are the regional directors of the various agencies: Mr. Steve Weatherford from Housing and Urban Development, he is the regional director; Pat Montoya, Health and Human Services; and Jim Cantu, of Labor, all converging upon one city, to scare the people of Tulsa, OK, into thinking that if we go along with the changes that we are advocating in the welfare system, the changes in Government as we know it, the changes that are consistent with the revolution that took place on November 8, 1994, that somehow people are going to be starving.  I am just going to read a couple of the quotes here. And it happens that our mayor in Tulsa is a very strong supporter of President Clinton, so I am sure she joined in. But Steve Weatherford of HUD said, ``We are talking about major cuts to our social fabric. * * * We are talking about hundreds of thousands of children and poor people who will be affected in Oklahoma.''  We have Pat Montoya with Health and Human Services, ``Tulsa would lose more than $5 billion in Federal funding between 1995 and the year 2002 if the GOP program is adopted.''  Jim Cantu of Labor said that GOP budget cuts would ``take food out of the mouths of children and punish 15-year-old mothers.''  And on and on and on.  You know, I have to join with my fellow Senator from Oklahoma, Don Nickles, as well as Congressman Steve Largent whose district this city of Tulsa is, when we say that there is no better case that can be made of the bloated Government and the waste that has taken place today than to have these top officials with all their entourage trouping around going from city to city to scare people and into maintaining the status quo.  I think that the stories that we are hearing today in conjunction with the welfare bill are very similar to that.  I think the most profound thing that was said by the Senator from Iowa was that if you are really concerned and really having compassion, look at the children who will be born today, if we do not make these major changes, having to spend 82 percent--I think it has been calculated of their lifetime earnings--on supporting Government. So I hope that we can keep this in mind that there is an army of bureaucrats trouping around the country right now, trying to scare people into thinking that we cannot afford a major change.  Let us keep in mind that in November there was a change, that there is a mandate that came with that, and that is, let us end these age-old programs that have been proven failures and change the role of Government as we have come to know it since the 1960's.  