President, I want to take this opportunity and many other opportunities between now and the next few weeks, to strongly urge the President to come to Congress for authorization before he makes a decision to send American troops into Bosnia. We have discussed this in our committee meetings, our Senate Armed Services Committee, and I am very much concerned about the fact that if you look at the history of Bosnia, all the way back to the Ottoman empire, you see that you have these three warring factions that have always warred with each other.  We know that the Archduke who was assassinated was what precipitated World War I right there in Sarajevo. We know that in World War II, Marshal Tito, when he was putting together his alliance to go against the Germans, he had most of them except for Croatia. At that time Croatia was on the other side. We were on the side of the Bosnian Moslems and the Serbs. So it has been a moving target throughout the years.  The only thing that is consistent is that they have been murdering each other. And we have evidence in the last 6 months, all three factions have fired on their own troops and tried to blame the other side. So we have a long and agonizing history of what has been happening over there. There is no more hostile area any place in the world to send our troops on the ground than there.  Back in World War II, any of us who have studied history at all remember how the former Yugoslavians were able to hold off the best that Hitler had on the ratio of 1 to 8. This, in other words, is not the Persian Gulf. These are mountains with caves, Mr. President. This is an area where historically a small number of people have been able to murder a much larger force and take many, many casualties. This is the environment into which we are talking about sending our troops.  I draw an analogy between that and Lebanon in 1983. In 1983, we sent our troops over to Lebanon. We had a very modest mission at that time, and it was not until the months rolled by when the bomb went off and 241 of our troops were killed, and, of course, then there was a public cry, and we brought our troops home.  Or Somalia. I cannot hang that on the Democrats because George Bush, in December, after he lost the election, before the new President, President Clinton, was sworn in, he sent troops to Somalia really just for 7 weeks. And then he went out of office and Clinton came in. At that time I was serving in the other body. Almost every month we sent a resolution to the President, ``Bring our troops home. There is no mission that is relative to our Nation's security in Somalia.'' And it was not until 18 of our Rangers were murdered in cold blood and they dragged their corpses through the streets of Mogadishu that there was enough public outcry to bring the troops back home, and we did with our tail between our legs. Nothing was accomplished. You see, we have adopted a foreign policy in this country where we are sending our troops out on humanitarian missions, as opposed to missions where we have our Nation's security at risk.  Well, now, this came to a head when we had our Senate Armed Services Committee meeting--it was a public meeting--just the other day. We had Secretary Christopher, Secretary Perry, and General Shalikashvili. When we came to the part where we were talking about the mission, the strongest mission they could state that we have in Bosnia is twofold: First to contain a civil war, which has been going on for hundreds of years; second, to protect the integrity of NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.  So I asked a question--and this was after there was a quote from General Rose, who was the U.N. commander in Bosnia. He said, ``If America sends troops over there, they would lose more American lives than they lost in the Persian Gulf.'' There we lost 390 lives. So I said, ``So we can reasonably assume we are going to lose hundreds of American lives if we send troops over on the ground in Bosnia? That being the case, Secretary Perry, is our mission, as you have described it, to contain a civil war and to protect the integrity of NATO worth the cost of many hundreds of American lives?'' He said, ``Yes,'' without flinching. I said, ``Secretary Christopher?'' He said, ``Yes.'' And General Shalikashvili said, ``Yes.''  So here we have the people who are in the top ranks, the President's three top men, reflecting the wishes of the President--that is, to send troops into Bosnia on the ground.  There is something else that is very curious about this, which came up in this meeting. They stated in the meeting that no matter what the condition was 12 months from now, those troops would be back in the United States.  I ask you, Mr. President, in all of your well-read days on military science, if you have ever found a time when a country sent its troops into a warring area with a time certain to come back, regardless of the circumstances, whether we were in the middle of a very hostile situation or whether it was a peace accord, we are going to bring them home in 12 months?  They all said, ``Yes.'' They had it written down that, ``The troops will return in 12 months.'' As much as I hate to see it, the only thing I could think of with any degree of certainty that is going to happen in 12 months is that it will be election time, November 1996. I hope that does not have anything to do with this decision.  So I plan, in a couple of days, to go over to Bosnia. I am going to go, and I am going to stand in the same places where all of our troops are going to be standing if the President is successful in not coming to Congress for authorization to send troops. I am going to look at the hostility around me, and I am going to listen to the gunfire, and I am going to bring that message back to the American people.  This is something that has to rise above politics. We went through this same thing when President Bush wanted to send troops to the Persian Gulf. Yes, we had a real mission there relative to our Nation's security. That mission was whether or not we could have the energy necessary to be viable in fighting a war--a real mission relative to our Nation's security. At that time, he said we are going to send the troops there, and we said: Mr. President, we do not think it is wise to send the troops over, those soldiers, not knowing they have the support of the American people as well as the support of Congress behind them. He did not have to. Just like President Clinton does not have to come for authority to the Congress, President Bush did not have to, but he did it. It was a very wise move for the sake of those individuals who were going over there to lay their lives on the line, where 390 Americans died valiantly. The President, at that time, came to the Congress, asked for authority, and we had a united America in fighting the Persian Gulf war.  This war over there is not our war, Mr. President. This is a civil war. Sure, it is a problem for people in Western Europe, and I hope that Western Europe gets busy. Let them do what is necessary to protect their security interests. Perhaps they have security interests in Bosnia. We do not.  I do not want to wake up and find out that the American public did not know about this, did not care about this enough that they did not know whether they have an outcry to bring our troops back until our American corpses are dragged through the streets of Sarajevo. We can stop it right now, Mr. President. I plan to go to Bosnia and spend several days there at the end of this week and bring a story back for the American people.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  