President, I thank the Senator from Arkansas for yielding the time.  Mr. President, I rise in support of the Bumpers amendment to terminate the gas-turbine modular-helium-reactor program. For the past 30 years, the Department of Energy's program has only served as another Federal monetary waste. To date, the taxpayers have already spent $900 million to advance gas-coolant reactor technology. One would imagine that after costing the American public nearly $1 billion, we would see some type of tangible technological benefits. But this is not the case.  In 1992, the National Academy of Sciences study concluded that the gas-cooled reactor has low market potential. Last month the DOE stated in a report by the Secretary of Energy Advisory Board that it did not see any further need to continue to develop the program.  The report said--this is a quote we have not heard yet, I do not believe anyway, at least I have not:       This technology requires a very expensive, long-term      development program that cannot be supported in the near      future. Given industry's low interest in this technology, DOE      has requested termination of the Gas Turbine Modular Helium      Reactor Program.  But I have to say, Mr. President, that my concern is not a technical concern. Yes, I am concerned about the energy industry. I believe, had a lot of this money been spent to develop enhanced recovery programs and to do something to stop the demise of the domestic oil industry, I would be in strong support of it. That is where our money should have gone.  The GAO report estimates that the total cost to design and construct a gas-cooled reactor should be approximately $5.3 billion, of which taxpayers are expected to absorb approximately 50 percent. Mathematics would tell us that we would save more than $2 billion of hard-earned taxpayer dollars simply by going with the President, Congress, DOE, and the National Taxpayers Union, Citizens Against Government Waste, and the list goes on and on.  Congress has been trying to terminate funding for this program for the last several years. Finally, this year, the House adopted an amendment to eliminate the program altogether. Rightfully, the Senate Appropriations Committee authorized $7.5 million to cover the Department of Energy's termination of this program. The administration, the Bush administration, the Reagan administration, Congress, scientists and many of the fiscal unions, such as the National Taxpayers Union, the National Tax Limitations Committee, the Citizens Against Government Waste, are united in their campaign to terminate the project. The Department of Energy, like the rest of us, must make massive budget cuts if we are to ever keep our commitment to the budget resolution that we made that would eliminate the deficit by the year 2002.  We can no longer afford such luxuries as the gas-cooled reactor that do not earn their Federal keep. With the possibility of the dismantling of DOE, the administration has made a wise decision to end the program that only serves as a liability.  America is watching both the House and the Senate as we bring Federal spending back under control. By supporting this amendment, we are legislating exactly the way we said we would last November by appropriating wisely and cutting out programs that continue to waste Federal dollars intended for future generations.  So, Mr. President, I am not as impressed as I should be, I guess, with the National Academy of Sciences, but I am impressed with the National Taxpayers Union and many of the groups that are looking at this from a fiscal perspective.  I would only say this is a good example of what Ronald Reagan said in one of the greater speeches I have ever heard, entitled ``Rendezvous with Destiny,'' way back in 1965 when he said there is nothing closer to immortality on the face of this Earth than a Government program. I think this is such a program.  I yield back the time.  