Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to commend Congressman Mack, the ranking member of the Western Hemisphere Committee, for offering this resolution.  H. Res. 1662 commends the bravery of the 33 trapped miners in Chile who have endured nearly 2 months of unimaginable mental and physical strain following the August 5 collapse of the San Jose copper-gold mine which trapped them one-half mile below ground.  It was believed that these men did not survive the original collapse, but 17 days after the disaster the miners were miraculously discovered to be alive and in fair condition. Quick-thinking and decisive action led the men to take refuge in a shelter where they have been surviving for the last 7 weeks.  The Chilean Government has been working tirelessly to secure the safety of the miners as quickly as possible and to secure their release. In addition, scientists and doctors from NASA, as well as private U.S. engineers and companies, have been instrumental throughout the rescue process and continue to aid in the drilling efforts.  Various supply holes have reached the group to provide them with food, water, health supplies, air, and games to keep the 33 individuals safe and stable.  I rise today in support of House Resolution 1662, which commends the bravery of the 33 trapped miners in Chile who have endured nearly 2 months of unimaginable mental and physical strain following the August 5th collapse of the San Jose copper-gold mine which trapped them half a mile below ground.  It was believed that the men did not survive the original collapse, but 17 days after the disaster the miners were miraculously discovered to be alive and in fair condition.  Quick thinking and decisive action led the men to take refuge in a shelter where they have been surviving for the last seven weeks.  The Chilean government has been working tirelessly to secure the safety of the miners as quickly as possible.  In addition, scientists and doctors from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA, as well as private U.S. engineers and companies, have been instrumental throughout the rescue process and continue to aid in the drilling efforts.  Various supply holes have reached the group to provide them with food, water, health supplies, air, and games to keep the 33 individuals safe and stable.  Because of the exhausting emotional and physical impact of the situation, psychologists have made it a priority to keep them occupied, and believe it is an integral part of the rescue, and reintegration process when they are finally pulled out.  Happily, recent advancements in the drilling efforts have improved rescue forecasts originally set for November.  I would like to commend President Pinera and the Chilean government for their tireless rescue efforts and again recognize the invaluable contributions of the U.S. agencies and private entities that have been a part of this humanitarian endeavor.  I also would like to extend my heartfelt sentiments to the trapped miners and their families.  Please know that we have you in our hearts and prayers.  