Mr. Speaker, every American has a duty to respect, honor and support our veterans.  Congress has the responsibility to ensure that the profound respect owed to our veterans is translated into meaningful and tangible action.  For generations, Members on both sides of the aisle have sought world class medical care for wounded and ill veterans, compensation for the service connected disabled, funding for higher education and housing, and programs to rescue and re- enfranchise the homeless.  And as Lincoln said so eloquently, the Federal Government should care for ``his widow and orphan.''  I am the prime sponsor of numerous veterans laws, including the Homeless Veterans Assistance Act, the Veterans Education and Benefits Expansion Act, Veterans Survivor Benefits Improvement Act and numerous health care laws including the Veterans Health Program Improvement Act which, among scores of provisions, made permanent the authority of the Secretary to provide sexual trauma counseling to veterans--especially women.  Women who serve in our nation's Armed Forces deserve special gratitude and recognition in law. As veterans, they face unique challenges that both the Executive and Legislative Branch has and is attempting to address.  In September, the Advisory Committee on Women Veterans made ten recommendations to improve the quality of care provided to women veterans--to help ensure that the services and benefits we provide keep pace with the fastest growing segment of the veterans' population. They stated that we must bulk up the VA's gender-specific workforce and train and equip qualified staff to handle the unique challenges women face when transitioning to civilian life. They confirmed what many of us know and have been working on for years--that homelessness among veterans, and women in particular, is a plague we must work harder to eliminate. Improvements in outreach and childcare services would allow more women to take advantage of the health care, and mental health care in particular, that are available for them.  Today, the House considers a bill to establish a Bill of Rights for women veterans as well as those men and women who have lost limbs to further ensure prompt, comprehensive and effective treatment within the VA.  I am especially pleased that Chairman Filner's bill--H.R. 5953--makes absolutely clear that abortion is not health care under this bill and so-called abortion rights are not implied by any of the rights specified in the legislation. In addition to eliminating any legal grounds for implying a right to abortion access, abortion funding or any other abortion-related activity, the newly added Section 4 also neutralizes any legal effort to use the Women Veterans Bill of Rights as a basis to infer a right to other controversial services such as abortion counseling, IVF and gender alteration as well as spa or gym memberships, care for veterans in prison and unapproved drugs and devices.  Section 4 of H.R. 5953 states: ``Nothing in this Act shall be construed to establish a right to any service excluded under 38 CFR 17.18, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act.''  Specifically the services listed as exclusions under 38 CFR 17.38 as of the date of enactment of H.R. 5953:  (1) Abortions and abortion counseling.  (2) In vitro fertilization.  (3) Drugs, biologicals, and medical devices not approved by the Food and Drug Administration unless the treating medical facility isconducting formal clinical trials under an Investigational Device Exemption, IDE, or an Investigational New Drug, IND, application, or the drugs, biologicals, or medical devices are prescribed under a compassionate use exemption.  (4) Gender alterations.  (5) Hospital and outpatient care for a veteran who is either a patient or inmate in an institution of another government agency if that agency has a duty to give the care or services.  (6) Membership in spas and health clubs.  Mr. Speaker, VA hospitals and Community Based Outpatient Clinics are today extraordinary places of healing, recovery, and recuperation. Abortion is not health care.  Because abortion methods dismember, decapitate, crush, poison, starve to death and induce premature labor, pro-life Members of Congress, and according to every reputable poll, significant majorities of Americans want no complicity whatsoever in this violence.  Abortion hurts women's health and puts future children subsequently born to women who aborted at significant risk. At least 102 studies show significant psychological harm, major depression and elevated suicide risk in women who abort.  Recently, the Times of London reported that, ``[S]enior . . . psychiatrists say that new evidence has uncovered a clear link between abortion and mental illness in women with no previous history of psychological problems.'' They found, ``that women who have had abortions have twice the level of psychological problems and three times the level of depression as women who have given birth or who have never been pregnant. . .''  In 2006, a comprehensive New Zealand study found that 78.6 percent of the 15-18 year-olds who had abortions displayed symptoms of major depression as compared to 31 percent of their peers. The study also found that 27 percent of the 21-25 year-old women who had abortions had suicidal idealizations compared to 8 percent of those who did not have an abortion.  At least 28 studies--including three in 2009--show that abortion increases the risk of breast cancer by some 30-40 percent or more yet the abortion industry has largely succeeded in suppressing these facts.  Abortion isn't safe for subsequent children born to women who have had an abortion. At least 113 studies show a significant association between abortion and subsequent premature births. For example a study by researchers Shah and Zoe showed a 36 percent increased risk for preterm birth after one abortion and a staggering 93 percent increased risk after two.  Similarly, the risk of subsequent children being born with low birth weight increases by 35 percent after one and 72 percent after two or more abortions. Another study shows the risk increases 9 times after a woman has had three abortions.  What does this mean for her children? Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant mortality in the industrialized world after congenital anomalies. Preterm infants have a greater risk of suffering from chronic lung disease, sensory deficits, cerebral palsy, cognitive impairments and behavior problems. Low birth weight is similarly associated with neonatal mortality and morbidity.  