Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution congratulating Father Coughlin on 10 years of service as House chaplain and want to thank my very good friend, Mr. Lipinski, for authoring it.  Since 2000 Father Coughlin has been a blessing to us, a presence of prayer, and a reminder of the grace we have to ask God for--beg God for--as we exercise our responsibilities in this House.  He has also been a personal friend to me and I want to thank him for that.  Mr. Speaker, I particularly appreciate Father Coughlin's moving prayers and his Web site where he puts up a ``Thought for the Day'' and keeps the House informed of spiritual events on Capitol Hill for Christians, Jews, and Muslims, and members of other faiths. I frequently read theses prayers and thoughts, and am grateful for his inspiration to me and my fellow members.  Today he has posted, as ``Thought for the Day,'' a quote from Pope Benedict XVI, from his April 18 address to young people in Malta:       God loves every one of us with a depth and intensity that      we can hardly begin to imagine. And he knows us intimately,      he knows all our strengths and all our faults. Because he      loves us so much, he wants to purify us of our faults and      build up our virtues so that we can have life in abundance.      When he challenges us because something in our lives is      displeasing to him, he is not rejecting us, but he is asking      us to change and become more perfect. That is what he asked      of Saint Paul on the road to Damascus. God rejects no one.      And the Church rejects no one. Yet in his great love, God      challenges all of us to change and to become more perfect.  Thank you, Father Coughlin, for reminding us of this--we do our work differently, and better, when we carry with us an awareness of God's love.  Mr. Speaker, Mr. Lipinski's resolution also draws attention to Father Coughlin's 50 years of service to God, and His flock, as an ordained priest--Father Coughlin's fiftieth anniversary will be on May 3rd, and I want to congratulate and thank him for that as well.  Father Coughlin has also, as this resolution points out, served God with the Missionaries of Charity, in India, and in Rome, as a scholar-in-residence at the North American College. I am sure that his experience in both places enriched his service to the House.  Finally, I note from the resolution, that, while the House chaplaincy was instituted in 1789, in 2000 Father Coughlin became the first Catholic priest to hold the office of Chaplain of the House. He follows many others who have been a blessing on the House--and I have known several of them--and has certainly filled their shoes well.  Thank you, Father Coughlin.  I urge members to support this excellent resolution.  