You know, the long-suffering people of Cuba are really in a double unfortunate position. They are subjected to one of the cruelest dictatorships on the face of the Earth. Freedom House recently ranked Cuba as one of the least free countries in the world. The only country that ranked lower on the freedom scale than Cuba was the nightmare gulag of North Korea; yet, in an insane paradox, the Cuban tyrants remain romantic heroes. People have pictures of these tyrants on T-shirts, wear them on college campuses, and for many in the United States, including some Members of Congress, especially those who visited Cuba last year, they gush with admiration for these dictators who have so repressed people.  You know, last year, the U.N. Human Rights Council did what they call the universal periodic review, at which time they looked at the record of human rights abuse in Cuba. It was scathing. Many members of that council raised serious questions at the council meeting and also said, Here are a number of recommendations. Virtually every recommendation was rejected out of hand, and that was the end of the story.  I would call upon the Obama administration to call, as a member of the Human Rights Council, for a specific meeting of the Human Rights Council, the U.N. Human Rights Council--it only takes a third of the membership to do so--to refocus on Cuba and its horrific human rights abuses and the fact that they have taken every recommendation--I mean, even the International Committee of the Red Cross has been denied since Armando Valladares' day, access to those prisons. The ICRC, a sterling record of investigations and interventions on behalf of political prisoners around the world, they can't even get into the Cuban prisons. So I would call on the Obama administration to ask for a specific meeting just on Cuba and the rejected recommendations.  Let me also point out that chronicling the abuse isn't all that hard. The State Department, in its human rights report released just 2 weeks ago, couldn't be more clear in laying out the catalog of abuses routinely visited upon the people, especially the almost 200 known, and there are others, political prisoners in Cuba's gulags.  Let me finally say, during the 1980s, many of us were very active fighting against the abuses of the Soviet Union. In the mid 1980s, Congressman Frank Wolf and I actually got into Perm Camp 35, the infamous gulag where great heroes like Sharansky and many others and all these other great leaders spent time in solitary confinement and suffering at the hands of the KGB. We actually got in, visited with videotape and agitated for the release of almost two dozen political prisoners, and one by one they got out.  I visited Xanana Gusmao when he was a political prisoner in Indonesia, in a prison in Indonesia. He went on to become the President of East Timor.  Frank Wolf and I got into Beijing Prison Number 1, where at least 40 Tiananmen Square activists, 40 Tiananmen Square activists with shaved heads were thrown into that gulag, known as the Laogai in China, and suffered horrifically, but at least the Chinese Government allowed us in.  A lot of people want to get out of Cuba. A lot of people--all people want to get out of their political prisons. Mr. Wolf and I are asking to let us in, and I renew that request of the Cuban Government as well as, again, to ask that this administration help to make that happen.  Finally, my friends will know, because I worked so closely with Mr. Diaz-Balart--Mario wasn't here yet--on the issue of linking a series of human rights with the lifting of a travel ban, most important of which was the full release of the political prisoners. That legislation passed here. It didn't pass in the Senate, unfortunately, and I will offer that again ifgiven the opportunity, although the rules will probably forbid it.  But that's what we need to do. You need linkage. You need to say to a dictatorship, If you want a benefit, you have to cease persecuting your own people. And, you know, there is a great group, we all know it, Brothers to the Rescue. The Diaz-Balart brothers are the brothers to the rescue.  