Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 1033, a resolution designating April 2010 as ``Nation Autism Awareness Month.'' I thank my friends and colleagues, Representatives Reichert,Gerlach and Bachus for introducing this resolution--and my friend and co-chair of the House Autism Caucus, Mike Doyle.  This resolution services an important function of increasing awareness of the 1.5 million individuals living with an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and the extreme dedication and efforts of their families in providing the best possible care and environment for their children, grandchildren and brothers and sisters. Especially the parents and grandparents of individuals with autism deserve our enormous respect and support. Also deserving recognition are the many ASD advocacy groups who have been working hard for so long and the many providers of care and services for individuals with autism.  From my first session in Congress in 1981, I have been a consistent advocate for individuals with developmental disorders, including autism. In 1998, I became much more deeply involved after learning and listening to parents in a local community in my district--Brick Township--about their concerns that the frequency of autism was much higher than was being reported by officials at the time. The concerns of those parents were validated for their community and have since been found to be true nationwide. As stated in the resolution before us, autism is now known to affect every 1 in 110 children--my own state of NJ has among the highest rates in the nation at 1 in 94.  Autism generally is a life-long disability that can overwhelm families, as their lives become consumed with the considerable challenges of identifying appropriate biomedical and psychosocial treatments, schooling and other needed support systems for their autistic child--and eventually for an autistic adult.  Our nation is in the midst of an autism crisis that becomes more severe each passing month, a crisis that costs our nation tens of billions of dollars annually in medical care, behavioral therapy, special child care, and a range of child and adult services needed to care for these individuals. The resolution before us provides the staggering financial costs of autism--$80,000 per year to provide specialized treatment in a medical center, $30,000 per child per year for special education services, and a nationwide costs of over $90 billion per year.  The resolution appropriately recognizes the critical importance of early diagnosis and early treatment for children with autism in order to have the greatest positive impact on their lives, and it recognizes the extremely important need to provide worker training for young adults and adults with autism so that they can active members of the workforce.  Thankfully, Madam Speaker, in December 2006, this Congress passed and then President Bush signed the Combating Autism Act, which added significant provisions to broaden and strengthen activities related to autism. Among its provisions, that law requires the National Institutes of Health to expand ASD-related research--including investigating possible environmental causes of autism, authorizes grant programs to improve the epidemiology of autism, and also includes a very robust section ``Autism Education, Early Detection, and Intervention,'' to improve the early screening, diagnosis, interventions, and treatments for ASDs.  While we all were gratified with passage of the Combating Autism Act, we also recognized that there is a tremendous unmet need to improve services for both children and adults with autism. That is why I am extremely gratified to have joined my friend Mike Doyle, along with Rep. Eliot Engel, in introducing, the Autism Treatment Acceleration Act (H.R. 2413), to provide for enhanced support, services and treatment, as well as research for individuals with autism spectrum disorders and their families.  To mention only two provisions of the bill--it would establish an Adult Services Demonstration Project to provide an array of services to adults with autism spectrum disorders including: post secondary education, vocational and self advocacy skills, employment; residential services, supports and housing; nutrition, health and wellness; recreational and social activities; and transportation and personal safety. And it would establish a ``National Network for Autism Spectrum Disorders Research and Services'' to strengthen linkages between research and service initiatives at the federal, regional, state and local levels, and facilitate the translation of research on autism into services and treatments.  I know that all of us here share the commitment to dramatically improve the lives for the well over a million American children and adults who have an autism spectrum disorder and improve the outlook for their families and other loved ones. I thank my friends Representatives Reichert, Gerlach and Bachus for introducing this resolution. And I thank my friend Mike Doyle for his leadership in establishing new programs to help individuals with autism.  