I thank my good friend for yielding.  And I just say to the Diaz-Balart brothers, Mario and Lincoln Diaz-Balart, you have spoken so bravely and for so long and with such clarity about human rights issues all over the world, including and especially in Cuba. The people of Cuba have no greater friends than you brothers, the Diaz-Balart brothers. There isn't a single argument, fight, debate, amendment, bill that you, the two of you, are not out in front taking all of the flak, all of the disinformation that is dished by those enablers of tyranny who believe that somehow if you coddle dictatorship, you will see an amelioration of their egregious acts. It doesn't happen. It didn't happen with the Nazis. It has not happened with the Chinese Communist regime. It has not happened in North Korea. And over this last half century, it has not happened in Cuba.  The more you enable a dictatorship, the more of an appetite it has for political prisoners, for repression, because there is no check, there is no tourniquet on their horrific abuse.  So let me say it again. No one has done more on behalf of human rights, especially for the beleaguered Cuban people, than Lincoln Diaz-Balart and Mario. And I've been in Congress for 30 years, so I, along with Frank Wolf and others, have worked very hard along with you on human rights laws and policies. It is a privilege to be called your friend for your steadfast advocacy. It is incredible.  When you spoke about the travel ban and other associated concessions to the dictatorship in Havana, it seems to me--and I say this to both sides of the aisle--but especially to my Democratic friends, especially to the Congressional Black Caucus that traveled down to Cuba, met with Raul and Fidel Castro, and as far as we can tell, never mentioned Dr. Biscet, never mentioned any of these courageous political prisoners who have been tortured, have been put in solitary confinement simply because of their steadfast belief in human rights and that every man, woman, and child in Cuba ought to live in liberty and freedom.  There is an empathy deficit, a lack of empathy, a lack of compassion. We talk a lot about compassion in Congress. Very often it's just a simple word, a throwaway word that has all kinds of meaning. We need to have empathy to get in their shoes, realize what it must be like to spend hours without a light in darkness, eating worm-infested food, being sick, having diarrhea that seems to never go away, losing your teeth, as Dr. Oscar Biscet is in the process of doing, if he hasn't lost them all already.  This brave man, an OB-GYN, a doctor who stood up for human rights, not one member of the Congressional Black Caucus, to the best of my knowledge, and other members who are always patronizing Fidel Castro, stood up and said, What about him? Why can't we go and see him and visit him in his prison cell? Congressman Frank Wolf and I have tried for 20 years to visit Cuba to go to the prisons. Every time we're turned down by the Castro regime. We have a pending request right now. We were turned down last February.  Those who go in and sing the praises of these modern day Adolf Hitlers. And let's not forget you take Fidel Castro and Raul Castro and what they have done: Torture, humiliation, execution, slow and long, sometimes a bullet, sometimes a very slow death. These people, if they were in a free society, not only would be prosecuted, they probably would be in an insane asylum for the kinds of terrible dark deeds that they commit on other people.  I read Armando Valladares' book years ago, and I recommend it to everyone who wants to enable this dictatorship. It's known as ``Against All Hope.'' It's a chronicle of this brave man, years in the Castro gulags. He talks about one instance where in order to further humiliate the political prisoners, they lined them up and marched them into a vat of human excrement, submerged them; and these men, their noses, their eyes, their ears were filled with human excrement. Many of them lost their hearing. Many had eye problems, nose problems and all kinds of infections from it. They smelt horrible.  That very act caused a kind of PTSD in Armando Valladares. Later on when his wife, after he was exiled, upon his release gave birth to children, he couldn't even change his children's diapers because it brought him back in a flash to that terrible, degrading torture that was inflicted upon him by Fidel Castro.  Fidel Castro, ladies and gentlemen, ought to be at the Hague standing trial for crimes against humanity. He is in the same league as Pol Pot, Idi Amin, Slobodan Milosevic, and all of the passing parade of petty tyrants who maim, humiliate, and kill because they have a secret police that enables them to do it.  We call on this administration, the Obama administration, to cease, stop its coddling of Fidel Castro. It is unconscionable, all of the smiles and happy words. This man needs to be dealt with for the tyrant that he truly is. And I'm not talking about just Fidel but his brother as well. These political prisoners need friends in the White House so that some day they can live in freedom.  