I thank my good friend, Mr. Pitts, for yielding.  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 1033, a resolution designating April 2010 as National Autism Awareness Month.  I thank my friends and colleagues Messrs. Reichert, Gerlach, and Bachus. I especially want to thank my good friend and colleague, the cochair of the House caucus, who is Mike Doyle, and Mr. Pitts for their leadership on this very important resolution and, most importantly, on this very important issue.  This resolution serves an important function of increasing awareness of the 1.5 million individuals who are living with autism spectrum disorder and of the extreme dedication and efforts of their families in providing the best possible care and environments for their children, grandchildren, brothers, and sisters.  I want to especially note that the parents and the grandparents of children with autism have earned our enormous respect. I know many families with autism. It can be a very harrowing ordeal. Yet they do it with such class and with such love and dedication to their children. The concerns of the parents are validated in the community, and have since been found to be true nationwide in terms of the numbers.  I will point out to my colleagues that I've been involved in autism since 1981,since my first term. I'll never forget visiting Eden Institute in Princeton, which does tremendous breakthrough research and work with autism children and young adults. Frankly, for me, it wasn't until 1998 when two parents, Bobbie and Billy Gallagher from Brick Township, New Jersey, came to me after hours and said, Congressman, we'd like you to sit down and look over some of the evidence and data we've accumulated because it is our belief that there is a prevalent spike in autism in Brick.  We brought in all of the good players. We brought in the CDC; we brought in the NIH folks, and we brought in public health experts. We put together a study to find out what was or is the trigger that was seemingly causing this huge spike in autistic children in one particular town in the State of New Jersey. To our shock and dismay, as this was going on, we discovered that there was a prevalence spike for sure, but it was most likely throughout the rest of New Jersey and probably, as it was highly suggestive, throughout the entire country of the United States.  So we put together a piece of legislation to establish what we called the Centers of Excellence to look at, especially, and to apply the best principles and prevalence techniques to determine what was causing this and to determine how many children were being malaffected by autism. To our shock and dismay, again we discovered that the United States didn't have a one in 10,000 prevalence, which is what the expectation was when I was elected in 1981, but that it was much higher. At that point, it was put at about one out of every 150 children.  So the Centers of Excellence were funded. The legislation was passed. I'll never forget that Congressman Mike Bilirakis was kind enough to accept our legislation as Title I of the Children's Health Act, which was a very comprehensive law designed to help children. Title I not only put more money into the CDC but also into the National Institutes of Health, which then was very much underfunding this effort to try to help autistic children.  Just for the record, we were spending $287,000 per year on autism at CDC. As my colleagues know, that falls off the table at some of our bureaucracies. That number has now gone up significantly to about $15 million, and now we have a critical mass of money working very synergistically with local health departments and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as well as on these prevalence efforts to find out what the parameters are of this developmental disability, because you can't combat something unless you know the who, what, when, where, and why of it, and that is what we are trying to do.  In the early 2000s, Mr. Doyle and I launched the Autism Caucus. We have tried throughout these years to be very supportive of every legislative effort, including the cure autism efforts of these past several years. The key has been more money for research, more money for early childhood interventions and trying to deal with the issue of what happens after a child reaches adulthood. It seems to me that every dollar we spend early-on means that we can have a higher functioning autistic child, now young adult, who can get a job, who can become gainfully employed, and who can become as independent as humanly possible. So every dollar we spend on autism is a dollar well spent.  Mr. Doyle and I have already entered into a compact with friends in Northern Ireland, in Wales, and in Scotland where they have an autism problem. This is a global phenomenon, as my friends and colleagues know, and we need to do more.  