 International arbitration was created in order to mitigate the risks of overseas investment due to political consideration and capricious changes that can affect legal institutions. It gives investors and sovereign nations an agreed-upon mechanism to resolve disputes. Arbitration is a key building block to attract foreign investment, promote modernized legal systems, and provide for the kind of legal economy that we are seeking to foster with this legislation.  For this reason, Congress stipulated in the recent Andean Trade Promotion Act, ATPA, that beneficiary countries were required to recognize as binding and enforce international arbitral awards in favor of U.S. citizens and companies. I am concerned that the U.S. Government has not done enough to ensure that one beneficiary in particular, Colombia, has lived up to this requirement. Before Congress passes new legislation on this matter, shouldn't we hold countries accountable for violating this criterion under the previous legislation?  Unfortunately, Colombia has a disturbing trend of disregarding binding arbitration rulings. The Colombian Government has refused to abide by rulings of arbitration tribunals that are unfavorable, launching aggressive campaigns to undermine arbitration. It has utilized the inefficiencies of its internal legal structures to avoid payment. This blatant disregard for arbitration harms companies that have already invested in Colombia, dissuades others from investing much needed capital, and violates the qualification criteria for ATPA and ATPEA.  In one case, a 22-month binding arbitration tribunal, agreed to by the Colombian Government, ruled that Colombia must pay $61 million due to what it defined as reprehensible behavior and breach of contract. Despite concerns raised by Members of Congress, the Colombian Government has refused to even discuss the issue with the American companies. The cost to the Colombia economy in lost international investment due to this lawless behavior may be greater than any aid that we can provide, and indeed, raises questions about U.S. aid.  For these reasons, I call on the President of the United States and the U.S. Trade Representative in particular to hold Colombia, and any other country that fails to uphold the qualification criteria for ATPEA, to the letter of the law under consideration today. The administration is seeking expanded trade benefits, but it should first require that Colombia implement the rulings of arbitration panels. To do otherwise would undermine the intended effect of this legislation in lifting these developing nations to the status newly industrial democracies governed by the rule of law.  