I still hope the Feinstein wisdom will prevail upon the Senate and we can get to common ground on this contentious issue. I want my colleague to know how much I appreciate the many hours and nights we have been at this, shuttling back and forth between our offices and the offices of Senator Craig and Senator Bingaman.  I share the Senator's commitment that, despite the news we have to deliver that there is no compromise today, we are not going to give up and we expect to revisit this issue in the Senate again soon. I thank my colleague for all her leadership, and particularly for her passion on this issue.  When I came to the Senate, I never felt very comfortable when the news media said I was elected to fill the seat of Senator Morse or Senator Packwood. That is because I do not think the people of Oregon send someone to the U.S. Senate just to fill a seat. The people of Oregon send someone to the Senate to work for what is right. That is what they expect of their Senators: to do what is right and take your lumps. They can live with that.  With that in mind, Senator Feinstein and I have now spent certainly 6 or 7 weeks trying to help find the common ground in the Senate for a balanced, narrowly focused bill to address the fire threat in our forests. We knew it would be a difficult task when we took it on, and it has certainly lived down to that promise.  This is what the Senate faced, as Senator Feinstein and I tried to move forward. On the one hand, there is one camp of considerable passion that, unfortunately, would be willing to use this summer's horrendous fires to deny citizens the right to seek justice in a court of law or to severely limit those rights. In another camp, there have been many who have said we will accept no changes in these laws whatsoever, even changes that will benefit the environment. Their position, as far as I can tell, is that there is practically a constitutional right to a 5-year delay on forest management decisions.  Given these two camps, Senator Feinstein and I, optimists by nature, said we know there are Senators who want to try to come together to find the common ground. We set out to do it. Unfortunately, as of this afternoon, it seems the Senate is not willing to seize the common ground which Senator Feinstein and I believe is within the Senate's grasp.  Today, in a front page article of the Oregonian newspaper it was suggested that the Bush administration does not think it needs congressional authorization to pursue a solution to the forest health problem. My sense is they agree with Senator Feinstein and myself that the use of, for example, what are called categorical exclusions offers a way to expedite the process required to reduce fire threats and restore diseased and damaged forests. The administration plans to pursue categorical exclusions though history shows there have been successful court challenges to administratively created categorical exclusions in the past. We believe the American people and the forests would have been better served with narrow specific congressional authorization of categorical exclusions--but, due to the lack of a compromise, that congressional action, as of this afternoon, will not happen on this bill.  Though, as we worked over the last few weeks, it seemed a core group Senator Feinstein, Senator Craig, Senator Bingaman, Senator Domenici, and others--were very close to a compromise, we did not get there.  Instead, the result has been so many pieces of stray paper floating around Washington, the country, and the internet, as well as a whole host of poorly informed rumors. So much misinformation is out there that I have posted our joint Feinstein/Wyden proposal on my Web site so that people will see what it is we have sought to do to try to bring the Senate and our constituents together. I will touch on that proposal just briefly.  First, we allow the use of broad categorical exclusions to thin and salvage in the most fire-prone areas within the urban-wildland interface and allow the use of somewhat narrower categorical exclusions to manage fire-prone lands in other areas.  Second, we require people who may want to file an administrative appeal on a project at a later date to participate in the public comment process on that project.  Third, we require judges to periodically review temporary injunctive relief granted and to review those injunctions with updated information every time a project is brought before the court.  My sense is the administration could have accepted the proposal Senator Feinstein and I have pursued--but not enough Senators could see their way there.  If Members want to get something done, they are going to have to take some political risk. I am not here to blame anyone. Senators have worked in good faith. However, I do not think it is too much to ask Senators to take a political risk to solve this critical problem so that families and forests are not facing the ultimate risk of devastating fires summer after summer.  There should be no confusion on this point. Unless there is some willingness on the part of the Senate to take the kind of political risk necessary to find common ground, we will see these devastating unnatural fires summer after summer after summer, as sure as night follows day.  There were a host of obstacles to a compromise today, though in the past we have been able to find common ground. Senator Craig and I, for example, led an effort in this body to write the county payments law, a critical law that is used to offer billions of dollars for rural communities to pay for services and schools. People said that could not be done. The Forest Service now calls it the most important law for that agency in 30 years. Senator Craig and I came together more recently to try to advance an old growth protection proposal for the Pacific Northwest, though we have a lot more work to do in that arena. My point is, it is possible to find common ground.  I am going to try again, probably a lot sooner than some people think or may want, on this issue. But I do know that two Democrats, despite all the pushing and pulling, do not make a winning hand in the Senate.  Senator Feinstein and I faced some big challenges. I opposed those who hold out for a major overhaul of the judicial process on this bill, though, due to its controversial nature, that approach is not going to allow us, any time soon, to address the risk of fire. We opposed others who may want to grant very broad forest management exemptions for projects conducted within municipal watersheds. That will also make it impossible to find common ground and a compromise.  But like I said earlier, I don't want to blame anyone today. Certainly, with all the misinformation out there about what I have done and supposedly not done or said during the last few weeks--and I am sure other Senators feel the same--this is not a time to offer a litany of charges with respect to any Member of this body.  My bottom line is this: I hope these efforts, laborious though they have been, can someday soon yield fruit. Toward that end, I thank a number of colleagues. Senator Craig has worked in good faith, and certainly closely with me. I hold him in the highest regard. Senator Feinstein, as I have already mentioned, was there night and day working on this issue and I appreciate her efforts. Senator Daschle and Senator Bingaman went out of their ways to try to accommodate Senator Feinstein and me. For their efforts, I am appreciative, as well.  I chair the Subcommittee on Forests and Public Land Management. In Oregon, we have had tragic fires. I have been consumed by this day after day after day. I wish we were in the Senate today saying we had found the common ground. I think it is possible to do it. The Senate cannot leave this subject for too long and will return to it after this bill is done in some form or another. Too many lives and too many communities will be devastated if the Senate washes its hands of this issue. I am committed to working with all my colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, day after day after day, until this gets done.  I hope one day soon I will be able to come to the floor of the Senate and participate with my colleagues on something that all Members can believe is a positive step forward to make sure these treasures, our forests and lands across this country, are managed properly.  I yield the floor.  