President, this is the first time we have seen this proposal, but certainly on its face it raises a number of very troubling issues. To start with, it seems it goes after the wrong end. Our view has been if the question of vote fraud is really going to be tackled, we have to go after the registration kind of process. That is what we have sought to do.  Once again, this goes to the process of signature verification, which is basically trying to deal with the problem after it is all out of the barn and off to the races.  I think what really troubles me is that this would make a presumption that in scores of States, the State and local officials are not doing their jobs. They are essentially bad guys. They would have to go through a very cumbersome, almost incomprehensible process, to try to prove they are good guys.  In our State, it has empowered thousands and thousands of people, without instances of fraud. We are running a system that has not been a sieve of fraud and abuse. To say they are now going to create a presumption that people who are running effective, efficient vote-by-mail systems are essentially bad guys and they should have to go through a process from Washington, DC, to prove they are good guys does not make a whole lot of sense to me. Hopefully, there will be further discussion how this will work, how you would even go about determining who these so-called abusers are in the two most recent elections.  I have great reservations about what I have seen at this point. First, it seems to go at the wrong end of the process. We ought to be trying to address voter fraud questions at the registration level rather than essentially so late in the process. Second, I am very troubled by the presumption that seems to underlie this amendment that all these State and local people are bad guys, they are doing an inefficient job, they are not up to the task of challenging fraud, so what we ought to do is create a presumption, in effect, that they are the problem and that somehow they ought to have this convoluted process to convince the Federal Government they are not.  I yield the floor.  