Under the agreement you and I have worked out with Senators Bond, McConnell, Dodd, and Murray, voters who register by mail are given more options to verify their identity. Our agreement protects Oregon's vote-by-mail system, as well as the majority of voters who vote by mail in Washington, and provides protections to make sure that every mail-in vote by a legally registered first-time voter can be counted.  Instead of a identification or proof to resident, first-time voters in a state may put their driver's license number or the last four digits of their Social Security card on their registration card.  If that number, along with the name and date of birth of the voter matches another State record, like the Department of Motor Vehicle's, the voter won't be required to provide any further identification. This means they won't have to stop by a copy center before they register or before they vote. This will mean business as usual for the petition drives, the campus registrations and every get-out-the-vote effort in Oregon, where thousands of first-time voters register by mail. Without this compromise, every one of these initiatives to get more citizens voting would have been stymied.  The agreement also guarantees that voters who cast their ballots by mail have the same provisional or replacement ballot rights as voters who go to the polls. Under the agreement if a first-time voter in a state fails to supply a driver's license number or the last four digits of their Social Security number when they register, their vote can still be counted even if their ballot is received without a photocopy of identification, if the state election officials determines that the voter is in fact legally registered under state law. These provisions will also not take effect until January of 2003 ensuring that this year's election will not be disrupted by new requirements.  Under the agreement, Oregon's pioneering and successful vote-by-mail system will continue, unchanged.  I understand the concerns that sparked the identification requirement: a concern that mail-in voter registration and balloting engender fraud. But in Oregon--the only all vote-by-mail state and the state that pioneered Motor Voter--there is very little fraud. No one has come forward with proof of widespread fraud in Oregon. In fact, I was elected to the Senate in the first all vote-by-mail special election. Senator Gordon Smith, my opponent in that race, never raised any questions about fraud. Oregon's penalties for fraud are much tougher than federal law--up to $100,000 in fines and/or 5 years in jail.  Since Oregonians voted overwhelmingly in 1998 to use a vote-by-mail system, participation has gone up and fraud has gone down. In fact, in the last Federal election, 80 percent of the registered voters cast a ballot. Since the May 1996 primary, 13 cases of fraud have been prosecuted; convictions were won in five and eight are still pending. In the last federal election, only 192 ballots were not counted because they failed the signature verification test. This is a pretty good record. Has the Senator had similar results in her State?  