From Ontario to Portland, OR workers have been laid off their jobs, left to fend for themselves, while their medical and energy bills skyrocket, and they have been left out of what Larry Lindsey and the administration's economic team keep calling an economic recovery.  Oregonians are hungry for leadership on the economic issue. We are trying to do our part at home down the road at the election. All of Oregon's elected officials are going to be working with the private sector on a new economic game plan. I think starting in January, with the ISTEA legislation, we will have an opportunity to make some important investments. But Oregonians expect economic leadership from Washington, DC, now. That is what they want today.  I am anxious to work with the administration on these issues, but there has just not been the leadership forthcoming. For example, on the trade issue, I cast a vote--unpopular with many with whom I am close--to give the President the authority to negotiate trade agreements. Trade involves one out of seven jobs in Oregon. The trade jobs pay better than the nontrade jobs. So I want to meet the administration halfway.  Unfortunately, the administration and its economic team is not willing to move forward and, in fact, is moving backward on a host of issues. I want to outline several of those this morning, Madam President.  It is very obvious we need a transfusion--immediate transfusion--that can restore our economic health. There is nothing that could bring our economy back faster than getting increased transportation funds for the States. One State after another has shown that money for transportation projects, particularly repaving and other maintenance items, gets money into our economy and creates family wage employment for our workers faster than any other area.  A number of Senators, Democrats and Republicans, understand this. Unfortunately, the administration's economic team does not agree. They continue to propose significantly less money than is needed for our economic and transportation needs and push for it.  While the transportation officials of my State calculate that the administration's approach will mean tens of millions of dollars less funding for Oregon's struggling economy and hundreds of fewer family wage construction jobs that could put our citizens back to work, the administration persists in taking an approach that I think is a huge mistake for our country, particularly our economic needs.  On the health issue, something the Chair knows much about, we can find common ground, for example, on a measure that could significantly lower health costs, a bipartisan approach involving making wider use of generic drugs, the same drug as essentially the brand name in the majority of instances.  Senators of both political parties want to support this issue. There is support on the Democratic side and the Republican side. The administration will not support something that could have immediate benefit--immediate benefit--for the economic crunch that our citizens face and would have bipartisan support in the Senate.  Finally, it seems on issues such as unemployment compensation, we have Senators, again, who would like to move forward to provide what I call this transfusion of assistance to the people who are so hard hit. Thousands of laid-off workers are exhausting their temporary extension of benefits every week. The program expires on December 31 of this year. Anyone laid off before June 30 of this year is going to lose all their benefits come December 31, and anyone who lost a job after June 30 will not have any Federal extension in place when their State benefits expire.  For my home State with soaring unemployment, this means that nearly 30,000 laid-off workers currently getting a temporary extension of unemployment compensation would see the end of their benefits at the end of the year, according to the Department of Labor.  Again, it seems to me this is an issue where Democrats and Republicans could, as has happened so often, come together and provide some solace, some actual relief to these families who are hurting in our country. I will be talking more about this issue in the days ahead while working on a significanthealth reform proposal that I have been discussing with colleagues.  I come back in closing to the central reason I have come to the Chamber, and that is that in my State and in much of the country, our families are hurting and our economy is hemorrhaging. I have listed three issues where, if there was some leadership from the administration--transportation, lowering medical costs immediately, particularly on the prescription side, which has the support of Senators of both parties, the expanded access to generic drugs, and finally unemployment compensation--three steps where, with a little bit of leadership from the administration on these vital economic issues, we could take steps now that would help working families.  Let's not go the wrong way. Let's find an opportunity for Democrats and Republicans to work on key issues and go the right way, which means providing economic relief to our working families.  I know the Senator from Georgia has been waiting very patiently. I yield the floor, Madam President.  