It has been a pleasure to team up with her. She has been the catalyst in this whole effort and it is a pleasure to stand with her.  I also want to note that Senator Cantwell has been a tremendous voice for consumers in the Pacific Northwest and our country, and I have enjoyed teaming up with her as well as Senator Feinstein. I am going to be very brief because I think our colleague from California has laid it out very well.  Today, as the Senate turns to a number of important amendments that are going to relate to the consumer protection issue, I think it is important to note this is an opportunity to end the Enron exemption. For years, Enron and other energy traders have operated back room trading floors where energy has been bought and sold as a commodity while the public has been kept in the dark. I think the question that colleagues may be asking is: Had this amendment been law during the time when all of the damage associated with Enron was being perpetrated, what would have been the difference? What would have been different had the Feinstein-Cantwell-Wyden effort been law at the time?  It seems to me there would have been two very significant benefits had this legislation been law. First, I think it would have been less likely that there would have been market manipulation. Certainly, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is investigating that question. That has not yet been determined. Certainly, conceptually it is much tougher to manipulate a market if in fact the transparency and the openness is there that this legislation calls for.  Second, had this legislation been law, if in fact there was market manipulation it would be possible to find that out very quickly. As all of our colleagues know, as a result of the request from west coast Senators, virtually all of us have joined into it. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has written to the west coast Senators saying they are going to investigate whether Enron manipulated our markets, but it will take them several months to conduct this investigation.  Had Enron's energy trading been regulated, as called for in this amendment, we would not have had to wait months to determine if Enron manipulated the market. Information about energy trading operations would have been immediately available to regulators and the public instead of shrouded in secrecy.  I think it is important for colleagues to note, first, this amendment makes it less likely that anybody can manipulate a market; and, second, if there is that kind of conduct taking place, it would not take months to ascertain what went on. One could find it out much more readily because information would be made available more quickly.  Before it collapsed, Enron was the biggest energy trader in the country, controlling one-quarter of all wholesale energy trades. Despite the great impact on energy markets, they were able to hide the facts about the trading operations from public scrutiny by securing exemptions from regulation for their energy and derivatives trading.  Evidence is emerging that Enron may have secretly used its market power to manipulate prices in energy markets. A witness testified before the Senate Energy Committee that the price of forward contracts for electricity dropped as much as 30 percent after Enron filed for bankruptcy, suggesting, according to this witness, Enron was artificially inflating prices in western markets.  There is a well-regulated system in place for trading pork bellies and other commodities to protect the public from market manipulation, but energy, a commodity that we all regard as essential, has been completely exempt. It seems to me if energy is going to be bought and sold as a commodity, the public should at least have the same protections that exist for trading any other commodity. There must be transparency for the markets to work.  Let me conclude with one last point, and then I know we are going to hear from our colleague from Washington. There has been considerable discussion as to whether this is somehow granting vast new powers to Government, and that Government is in some way reacting to what happened in the Enron situation.  First of all, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission had this authority before. This is not a brand new idea. They had this authority and essentially they gave it up. What this bill does is restore authority to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to regulate energy the same way it regulates every other commodity.  I hope when my colleagues vote on this amendment, they recognize this is something that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission used to have. It is authority that was on the books before the agency granted a blanket exemption from regulating energy as a commodity. As my colleague from California noted, Congress later went along as part of an appropriations rider. But this bill does not give the Commodity Futures Trading Commission vast new powers nobody has ever heard about, and constitute in some way a rush to judgment in reaction to the Enron situation. This is restoring a power the agency should not have given up.  I compliment my colleague from California. She has been the leader in this effort, as has the Senator from the State of Washington.  