President, I begin by expressing my thanks to Senator Dodd and Senator McConnell. Both of them worked tirelessly with me and Senator Cantwell and others.  This legislation we will vote on will now protect an innovation, a pioneering step forward that I think is going to make a huge difference for the American people; that is, voting by mail.  What we saw earlier, as the debate went forward, was various proposals that would have put new hurdles, new obstacles in front of this legislation that has empowered thousands and thousands of Americans. I am very proud that my State has led the way in this innovative approach, but I think it is the wave of the future.  There is a reason why millions of older people and disabled people and others enjoy and prefer voting by mail. They like the convenience, and they understand that it meets the test that Senator Bond and others have talked about, which would be a winning combination for the American people.  Let's make it easier to vote but not easier to cheat. Voting by mail has proven it is up to that challenge. We have shown in our State that we will come down with a every aggressive effort against those who try to abuse the system, try to exploit it. We have not seen any significant problem with it.  It is a bipartisan effort. Senator Smith has joined with me in it. Senator Cantwell has made the case for the State of Washington.  I close by saying that over many months Senator Dodd and Senator McConnell, knowing that we were camped out with their staffs, could have said, look, this is an issue that only a couple States care about, but they did not. I think they have showed their commitment not just to protecting people in Oregon or Washington who feel so passionately about this subject, but I think they understand this truly is a pioneering step forward. It is part of the wave of future. It is the next step before we see people voting online.  From the beginning of this debate, I have said that this legislation should be about deferring voter fraud and promoting voter participation. Many weeks of negotiations finally have produced an agreement that I believe will do both.  If first-time Oregon voter Mabel Barnes had mailed in her ballot under the election reform bill that was on the Senate floor 6 weeks ago, her vote probably would not have counted--evenif she were legally registered to vote. Her vote would have been tossed away simply because she failed to include with it a photo ID or other proof of identification.  Mabel Barnes would not have been alone. Under the bill that was on the Senate floor then, millions of first-time voters would have been disenfranchised just because they failed to bring a copy of their photo ID to the polls.  But Mabel Barnes and millions of other first-time voters won't have to worry about their votes counting now, and they won't have to worry about stopping by a copy center before they vote. That's because over the course of the last few weeks Senators Cantwell, Bond, McConnell, Murray, and I have worked out an agreement that protects Oregon's vote-by-mail system and the right to have every mail-in-vote by a legally registered first-time voter count.  The agreement Senators Cantwell, Bond, McConnell, Murray, and I worked out gives voters who register by mail more options to verify their identity. Instead of a photo ID or proof of residence, first-time voters in a state may put their driver's license number or the last four digits of their social security card on their registration card. This means they won't have to stop by a copy center before they register or before they vote. This will mean business as usual for the petition drives and campus registration efforts in Oregon, where thousands of first-time voters register by mail.  The agreement also guarantees that voters who cast their ballots by mail have the same provisional or replacement ballot rights as voters who go to the polls. Under the agreement if a first-time voter in a state fails to supply a driver's license number or the last four digits of their social security number when they register, their vote will still count if state election officials determine they are eligible under state law. In Oregon, this means that the vote of every legally registered Oregonian will count if an election official verifies that the signature on the ballot matches the signature on file with the registration.  Under the agreement, Oregon's pioneering vote-by-mail system will continue, unchanged.  I understand where the photo ID requirement sprang from: a concern that mail-in voter registration and balloting engender fraud. But in Oregon--the only all vote-by-mail state and the state that pioneered motor voter--there is very little fraud. No one has come forward with proof of widespread fraud in Oregon. In fact, I was elected to the United States Senate in the first all vote-by-mail special election. Senator Gordon Smith, my opponent in that race, never raised any questions about fraud. Oregon's penalties for fraud are much tougher than federal law--up to $100,000 in fines and or 5 years in jail.  Since Oregonians voted overwhelmingly to use a vote-by-mail system, participation has gone up and fraud has gone down. In fact, in the last federal election, 80 percent of the registered voters cast a ballot. Since the May 1996 primary, 13 cases of fraud have been prosecuted; convictions were won in five and eight are still pending. In the last federal election, only 192 ballots were not counted because they failed the signature verification test. This is a pretty good record.  This legislation should be about deterring voter fraud and not voter participation. The agreement Senators Cantwell, Bond, McConnell, Murray, and I have reached does this. The time to fight fraud is at the beginning of the process--at the time of registration. That is what our agreement does. At the same time, I have also said that legislation should not make it harder for legally registered voters to cast a ballot, or discourage people from voting. The agreement will do this as well.  This has not been an easy task. I want to commend Senators Bond, Cantwell, McConnell, and Murray for sticking with the negotiations, and I especially want to thank Chairman Dodd for the support he and his staff have given us in reaching the agreement and in including it in the managers' package.  I yield the floor.  