President, as America mobilizes to protect itself from terrorism, a key weapon in its defensive arsenal is its great technological prowess. From high-tech ``cyber attacks'' to more conventional threats, many of the solutions for reducing America's vulnerabilities at home will be rooted in technology. And much of the country's science and technology expertise resides outside the government in the dynamic arena of private sector entrepreneurship.  Therefore, it is essential to ensure that America's antiterrorism efforts tap the tremendous science and technology talents of the private sector. To that end, the Science and Technology Emergency Mobilization Act will help forge strong partnerships between the government and private sector science and technology experts, in order to provide the best protection and response for the American people.  The legislation the Senate is approving today has been in the works since shortly after September 11. The Subcommittee on Science and Technology held a series of hearings in 2001-2002 on the best way to mobilize science and technology experts, drawing on first-hand accounts of those who sought to offer help in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks. The subcommittee's ranking Republican, Senator Allen, joined me as a cosponsor and helped to draft the bill. House Science Committee Chairman Boehlert participated as well, making this a bipartisan and bicameral effort. The bill also bears the imprint of various executive branch agencies: we worked very closely with the Office of Management and Budget, the Office of Science and Technology Policy, the Commerce Department's Technology Administration, FEMA, and NIST to shape the original legislation into a finely-turned and targeted bill. On May 17, it was approved by the Commerce Committee without dissent.  The legislation provides for the creation of a database of private sector science and technology experts whom government officials may call upon in emergencies. It provides for the creation of National Emergency Technology Guard, NET Guard, teams of volunteers with technology and science expertise, organized in advance and available to be mobilized on short notice, similar to existing urban search and rescue teams.  It also calls for the creation of a Center for Civilian Homeland Security Technology Evaluation, modeled on the existing Technical Support Working Group, to serve as a single point of contact and clearinghouse for innovative technologies relating to emergency prevention and response. The center will have an online portal, so that the numerous small businesses that have been struggling to negotiate the maze of bureaucracy will finally have a way to get their bright technology ideas into the right hands. In addition, the legislation provides for pilot projects to improve the interoperability of communications systems used by fire, law enforcement, and emergency preparedness and response agencies.  The legislation does not create a large bureaucracy, nor does it seek to micromanage; instead, it gives the President flexibility to decide where within the executive branch the different functions set forth in the bill should be placed. This is particularly important in light of the pending proposals for reorganizing the Federal Government's homeland security functions. This bill is flexible enough to fit comfortably within whatever structure is ultimately adopted.  I express my appreciation to Senator Allen for his efforts on the bill; to the distinguished chairman of the Commerce Committee, Senator Hollings, for his help and support as the bill was considered by the committee; and to Mitch Daniels, Director of the Office of Management and Budget, for mobilizing his staff to work with us on the fine points of the legislation. I also thank all the private sector organizations and individuals who provided important advice throughout the process, and in particular those who have expressed formal support for the legislation, including Intel, Microsoft, America Online, Oracle, the National Association of Manufacturers, and the Biotechnology Industry Organization.  