I come to the floor to take a couple of minutes to say that, once again, Oregon's two Senators will be working together on a bipartisan basis to try to protect the voting rights of folks who, in a small State 3,000 miles from here, have come up with a system that I think can be a national model. It has empowered Americans. It empowered the people of our State--like, essentially, no other--in the Senate special election that was held in 1996, when three times the level of voter interest was shown as was shown in the previous Senate special election.  My colleague, Senator Smith, lost in that election by a small amount. He waged a valiant campaign. He has become a colleague with whom I have worked very closely. To his great credit, after an election that I won narrowly, he made it clear there were no instances of fraud or flagrant violations that tainted the election. That is why the two of us, on a bipartisan basis, feel so strongly about protecting Oregon's election rights.  I see another northwesterner in the Chamber and currently presiding. I know the occupant of the chair feels strongly about protecting the rights of those in Washington State who vote by mail.  We are willing to meet our colleagues on the other side more than halfway. We have said that from the very beginning. Northwesterners are not a part of the Rules Committee. We have tried very hard to work with our colleagues. I have believed for some time that there is the framework of a compromise that could address the concerns of those on both sides. The senior Senator from Missouri makes a good case that more does need to be done to address fraud. I think the appropriate time to do that is in the registration process--what is essentially the front end of the voters' involvement in the political process. I am willing to meet him more than halfway in addressing those concerns.  The chairman of the Rules Committee, Senator Dodd, has worked on a variety of compromises to try to address the concerns of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and he and I are going to continue to do that. But we do have to voice our strong objection to gutting a system that is working, that has empowered thousands and thousands of voters.  Unfortunately, if we go forward today with the bill as written, it will do great damage to those States that do vote by mail. Every review of the disputed 2000 election showed that there were a variety of errors with punchcard voting machines. But what we want to do is address those concerns and not roll back the clock, which is what you would do if you did damage to States that vote by mail. We think our signature verification process is a good one. It is one that has been in place to ensure that there are not those who would engage in fraud. At the end of the day, we think voting by mail--the process used exclusively in Oregon--is not one that should be thrown overboard to deal with problems of fraud in other parts of the country. We have a system that works. We have a system that empowers the people in our State. It is not a system riddled by corruption.  I am going to yield the floor now because I see the chairman of the committee and ranking minority member here. Both of them have been very helpful in working with this Senator. I want them to know that, however the vote turns out, I am going to continue to work with them. I assure them, having just spoken with my colleague, Senator Smith, tonight as well, that he and I are working right now on ideas to address the concerns of both sides of the aisle to get over this Oregon issue. Oregon's two Senators are united on a bipartisan basis to address this concern.  