President, I see the Senator from Missouri is in the Chamber. I want to make a comment to address some of the concerns the Senator has voiced.  In particular, with respect to the process that has been followed, I was not involved in any of the negotiations with the Senator from Missouri. I made it very clear I am interested in meeting him halfway in trying to find some common ground. We have been talking since the vote yesterday--Senator Dodd, Senator McConnell, Senator Schumer, Senator Bond, myself--really, hour after hour since yesterday. I do believe at this point there is a framework for a genuine compromise that could allow this bill to go forward. I want to outline what I think that framework is because we all ought to try to come together and get a bill.  I was asked yesterday by the press and others: Maybe those on the other side just don't want a bill? I stuck up for the Senator from Missouri. I said I believe he wants a bill. I think he wants us to come together. We have some differences of opinion.  Here is the framework for what in my view is a genuine compromise. What we ought to try to do is tighten up at the front end of the process. Let's tighten up with respect to registration. That is the best way to deter fraud. Right now, the tough antifraud provisions with respect to registration don't kick in until a ways down the road. Let's figure out a way to make them kick in earlier. Let's tighten up at the front end so we all come together and make it clear we are interested in deterring fraud, we are not interested in deterring voting.  But at the same time, what we would ask in return for our effort to meet the concerns of our colleague from Missouri with respect to the registration process and tough antifraud processes--at the front end we ask to let the signature be valid when people vote because on our side, and in the State of Oregon, we believe very strongly in the 27 States where that is used, it works. We know our colleague does not share that view. Sincere people agree with him. But I would say when he cites studies in Oregon, which I have not seen, the colleague that sits just a few seats from him, Senator Smith, made it clear--after a very difficult and contested election where he clearly could have said: I have some questions about how these votes were cast--Senator Smith, to his credit, said the system worked and there were not the problems the Senator from Missouri has found.  So as of right now, without the legislation that has been drafted by the Senator from New York and me, it seems what we are doing is discouraging people from voting now but not putting in place the toughest antifraud provisions until 2004. We ought to keep negotiating. We ought to continue the work.  By the way, even when we were debating the Schumer and Wyden amendment, I suggested to my colleagues, and was very appreciative of what the chairman of the committee said--I went to him and said: We have the votes. We have the votes now. We have done our checking. We have the votes. But let's still reach out even before the vote and try to have a compromise.  That was echoed by the distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Dodd, who said even the night before the vote: Let's stay at it.  I didn't have a chance to be part of the negotiations and the process. I know there are some who have concerns about that process. But I said from the very beginning, because I was not part of that process, I would have to take steps--I was inclined to put a public hold on the bill to make sure my State wasn't rolled.  At every stage of the process that I had a chance to be part of, and this has been backed up by Senator Dodd and Senator Schumer and the leadership, we have been trying to find a way to meet in a genuine compromise. I think the framework for that genuine compromise is to tighten up on the front end, come down as aggressively as we possibly can on fraud where we can best deter it, which is at the beginning of the process, through registration, but then let those signatures be valid for a ballot, a system that we believe works in 27 States, and not create new obstacles.  