As chairman of the Senate's Subcommittee on Forests and Public Lands, I regret to say this morning I have to oppose the amendment that has been laid down by my colleagues.  I have enormous respect for both Senator Domenici and Senator Craig. I want to take a couple of minutes to talk about my concerns. I want to be clear, having lived this issue constantly with my constituents through the summer months, I am totally committed to the concept of expedited treatment when we are dealing with areas that are fire prone, when we are dealing with areas that are at risk for fire, as so much of the West is. I am committed to expedited treatment.  I will say, and I regret to have to do so this morning, I believe this amendment is an overreach. The history in the West, because things are so polarized, is that the surest way to taint an effort to try to bring the parties together is to overreach. Particularly, this analogy to South Dakota, I would say to my good friends, simply does not wash. The South Dakota example involved 800 acres. We are talking about millions and millions of acres in this debate. If there is one thing that we westerners have learned, it is that one size does not fit all.  I hope we can continue to talk about ways to really ecologically improve the health of fire-prone forests, work together to tailor our approach to deal with areas that are at risk for fire. I have made it clear I support expedited treatment there.  Let us not lock the doors to the courthouse. I believe people have a constitutional right to access the courts, but they do not have a constitutional right to a 5-year delay. Let us make sure all the stakeholders have a place at the negotiating table.  Senator Craig and I have an experience that has worked with the county payments bill, a bill that the Forest Service called the most important bill in 30 years.  Finally, it seems to me we ought to be sensitive to the ecological importance of the big old-growth trees.  So I am saddened that I have to oppose this amendment. I plan to continue to keep talking to my colleagues.  I thank Senator Dodd again for his graciousness in giving me this time, and I yield the floor.  