President, I would like to say a few words about the Senate's passage of the Cybersecurity Research and Development Act.  Americans today live in an increasingly networked world. The spread of the Internet creates lots of great new opportunities. But there is also a downside: security risks. The Internet connects people not just to friends, potential customers, and useful sources of information, but also to would-be hackers, viruses, and cybercriminals.  In July 2001, after I became chairman of the Science and Technology Subcommittee of the Senate Commerce Committee, I chose cybersecurity as the topic for my first hearing. The message from that hearing was that cybersecurity risks are mounting. And that was before the horrific attacks of September 11 hammered home the point that there are determined, organized enemies of this country who wish to wreak as much havoc as they can. The terrorists are looking for vulnerabilities, and they are not technological simpletons.  This legislation is essential to the Nation's effort to address cybersecurity threats. It is a necessary complement to both the homeland security legislation pending in Congress and to the draft cybersecurity strategy released on September 18 by the administration. Because reorganizing the Federal Government to deal more effectively with security threats is only part of the battle. The same goes for many of the steps called for in the Administration's cybersecurity strategy.  In the long run, all Government and private sector cybersecurity efforts depend on people--trained experts with the knowledge and skills to develop innovate solutions and respond creatively and proactively to evolving threats. Without a strong core of cybersecurity experts, no amount of good intentions and no amount of Government reorganizing will be sufficient to keep this country one step ahead of hackers and cyberterrorists.  Therefore, this legislation makes a strong commitment to support basic cybersecurity research, so that the country's pool of top-flight cybersecurity experts can keep pace with the evolving risks. Specifically, the bill authorizes $978 million over five years to create new cybersecurity research and development programs at the National Science Foundation, NSF, and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, NIST. The NSF program will provide funding for innovative research, multidisciplinary academic centers devoted to cybersecurity, and new courses and fellowships to educate the cybersecurity experts of the future. The NIST program likewise will support cutting-edge cybersecurity research, with a special emphasis on promoting cooperative efforts between government, industry, and academia.  All of these programs will support advanced cybersecurity research at abasic, non-applied level, some of which may not pay off for a number of years. Nonetheless, it is my strong expectation that as this fundamental research yields results, those results will be made available promptly to the private sector, where they will serve as the foundation for a wide range of practical, tangible cybersecurity improvements, products, and solutions. This kind of commercialization of the results of Federal investment in computer and network security research is consistent with long-standing U.S. technology transfer policy, and will serve the national interest in enhancing the security and reliability of cyberspace for commercial, academic, and individual users, as well as Federal and state governments.  I should also note that, in addition to the extramural research grants at NSF and NIST, the bill will support NIST's ongoing cybersecurity research. Americans for Computer Privacy, the Business Software Alliance, the Information Technology Association of America, the Information Technology Industry Council, the Software & Information Industry Association, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce noted in a recent letter to Senators Lieberman and Thompson that NIST's Computer Security Division's ``job is to improve the security of civilian computer systems through technical standards and cooperation with industry.'' This legislation will provide funding to support NIST in continuing that work.  There is broad consensus on the need for this legislation. It has already passed the House by an overwhelming bipartisan vote, thanks to the leadership of Congressman Sherry Boehlert. I introduced the Senate version, S. 2182, and the ranking member of the Science and Technology Subcommittee, Senator Allen, joined me in shepherding it through the Commerce Committee. We worked closely with Senator Edwards on provisions to help Federal Government agencies safeguard the security of their computer systems. And we worked closely with businesses and experts in the cybersecurity field, to ensure widespread support within the high tech industry.  Specifically, I would like to mention a few changes that have been made to the bill since we reported the bill from the Commerce Committee. The most significant changes to the bill came in working with Senator Edwards and cybersecurity businesses and experts to give federal agencies additional tools to strengthen the security of their computer systems, while at the same time encouraging innovation and allowing agencies the flexibility to adopt a variety of cybersecurity products.  In addition, working with our colleagues on the House Science Committee, we adjusted the list of research areas of basic NSF research grants. No list could ever encompass every computer security technology, and for that reason the list is not exclusive. The intention was simply to give some general examples of broad research areas, without naming specific technologies. But obviously, when individual grants are awarded, they may well focus on particular technologies that are not listed by name in the final version of the bill, such as digital watermarking.  Another change is the delection of a cost-sharing provision added in committee. Instead, the bill language makes it clear that research grants under the NIST cybersecurity research program will be awarded to institutions of higher education rather than directly funding industry research.  I thank my Senate colleague for taking up and approving this timely legislation. The stakes are high, and you can bet that hackers and cyberterrorists won't stand still. So it is important to launch these new cybersecurity research programs as soon as possible. I believe this legislation needs to be enacted into law this fall, and I urge the House and the President to move swiftly to ensure that happens.  