President, I wish to pick up on a remark of the Senator from Arizona. Again, he knows how much I enjoy working with him. We have worked together on the forest fires and a whole host of issues that are important.  I wish to address my friend's comments with respect to the contribution Oregon makes to our national security and why Senator Smith and I see this as being important to our military and why it is a very constructive expenditure as it relates to the military.  For example, my colleague from Arizona said our State does not have high mountains. Well, the State of Oregon does. The State of Oregon--and we are very proud of them--have many high mountains. Those high mountains are part of a very good training ground for our military.  The Department of Defense has consistently said--as both of the Senators from Arizona know because they are very knowledgeable in military policy--that we ought to, as a nation, be strengthening our search and rescue capability.  I think my good friend, Senator Kyl, has pointed out one of the aspects that Arizona lacks and with which Oregon can assist, and that is training as it relates to dealing with rescues from high mountains. The fact is, the people in the Northwest have been trained to rescue men and women wounded in combat. The value to our Nation of having this national training ground and this capability is a central reason why we are in support of this effort.  I am very hopeful that our colleagues will approve our bipartisan amendment.  I want to wrap up by way of saying I certainly do not consider this an Oregon against Arizona kind of battle. I am going to continue to work with both of my colleagues on this issue, but it seems to me that when we have tried to be considerate of the State of Arizona throughout this process, we would just hope that our colleagues would be willing to address these concerns that our constituents have, especially when we are showing that the contribution that Oregonians make is a contribution that advances our national security, advances our military well-being, and particularly makes a contribution that Senator Kyl has said cannot be made in terms of training people in Arizona.  Mr. President, I yield at this time and reserve the right to respond to comments that might be made further.  