President, I will take a couple of minutes to respond to the comments the distinguished Senator from Missouri made about Oregon and offer up a proposal for how we might avoid the gridlock that looks as if it may be at hand.  With respect to vote by mail and how it is working in the State of Oregon, in the special election held in 1996 where the principal candidates were myself and our colleague, Senator Smith, we had almost two-thirds of all eligible voters participate in that election. The level of participation was three times as high as that held in the previous special election for a Senate seat. We in effect broke all the records for participation in a Senate special election.  As I stated earlier, our colleague, Senator Smith, to his credit, when pressed on the subject, said that there was no evidence of voter fraud that he in any way believed affected the election. What we have in the State of Oregon is tremendous benefit in terms of voter participation. The level of participation is three times as high as that seen in the previous Senate special election that certified new Senators in this body with my colleague Senator Smith--the person who might well have expressed concerns and did not state any whatever at the time, or since.  My sense is that the distinguished Senator from Missouri is basically now saying he is against mail-in voting as well. He has said he is following the constitutionality of various issues relating to mail-in voting, and I think this raises again that there is a lot being presented to the Senate other than deterring fraud. I am certainly interested in working with our colleagues, Senator McConnell and Senator Bond, in particular, on this issue because I think we are in a very difficult position, given the last hour and a half of debate. The distinguished Senator from Kentucky has essentially announced if our side prevails, if the amendment prevails and the photo ID is struck, he will in effect have to take to the floor for a considerable length of time, and that will obstruct our ability to go forward.  I certainly do not want to respond in kind. I have passed on that effort up to this point. I was not party to the negotiations that took place in committee. I can tell the President and our colleagues I very much wanted to put a hold on this bill and would have come to the floor and publicly announced that hold in line with the procedural reforms that Senator Grassley and I have advocated, stipulating that all holds ought to be public, but I didn't do it in deference to the distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Dodd, who made it clear he would work with me and others to try to resolve this issue.  So there has been a lot of good faith on this side of the aisle. I would offer up the idea, even at this late hour, that rather than having this sort of mutual assured destruction, where everybody takes down everybody else's work product--and there is so much that can be agreed upon--I think we ought to have another round of negotiations. As one Senator who did not get to participate in the first round, I am anxious to meet our colleagues halfway.  For example, if our colleagues are willing to talk about getting rid of the photo ID, which I and others believe is so onerous for seniors, minorities, and others, I think we ought to be looking at ways to figure out how to put the voter registration requirement into effect in 2002.  If we are going to be tough on fraud, let's be tough now rather than waiting to get so far down the road. I know it is difficult to do, but I think those kinds of ideas would provide an opportunity for at least some further discussion in an effort to try to work this out.  I know there have been months and months of negotiation in good faith in the committee. But this Senator, who has a State where vote by mail has worked, a State that has empowered so many through vote by mail, I didn't participate in any of those negotiations. On top of that, I probably, without thinking about Senators Dodd and McConnell, I probably would have put a hold on this bill until this issue had been resolved because of my concern for the State.  I am anxious to meet my colleagues halfway in an effort to resolve this issue. But I think at the end of the day we have to figure out ways to make it easier to vote, easier to participate in the political process, as we deter fraud. The fact is, this is going to make it tougher to vote.  The hour is very late. I cannot believe the distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Dodd, and the distinguished ranking minority member, Senator McConnell, are all that wild about staying here until the wee hours trying to figure out another way to deter fraud without having this photo ID requirement. But I want to make that offer.  This is so important. There is so much good work that has been done on this issue. Let us try to find common ground on the issue of deterring fraud--that is something both Democrats and Republicans feel strongly about--rather than taking this bill down, which is where we appear to be headed tonight.  I would like to participate in the negotiations. I have made it clear I wish I had the opportunity as a member of the committee to do so. This basically is my first opportunity to have a chance to formally participate in the discussion. I would like to look at ways to deter fraud aggressively. If we are serious about it, we should not be waiting until 2004, we should be trying to do it now. We should be trying to do it for this upcoming election.  I think it is just one of several ideas that we might possibly, even at this late hour, figure out a way to come together on and make sure we are united in terms of fighting fraud, not going forward with something which is going to disenfranchise so many voters, which I believe is the end result of photo ID.  I yield the floor.  