President, the Senate has before it the Craig-Domenici amendment with respect to how we should spend the money we have in this appropriations bill designated for hazardous fuels reduction. It is an enormously important issue to my constituents.  I chair the Senate Subcommittee on Forest and Public Lands Management. There were devastating fires throughout this summer all over the west. Because of that, I have spent a largechunk of my waking hours in the last few months, both out in Oregon and here in DC, trying to find the common ground that would allow us to deal with the risk of fire on the millions of acres of national forest land that are fire prone and at the same time be sensitive to environmental values and legal processes.  It saddens me to rise today in opposition to this amendment because I had hoped by this morning to be able to come to the Chamber and talk about how the Senate had found common ground. I know the distinguished Senator from California, Mrs. Feinstein, is very much committed to this as well.  I agree that hazardous fuels reduction on our national forests must be pursued aggressively. I strongly believe in the concept of expedited treatment for fire-prone areas, but I simply cannot agree to the excessively broad slashes that this amendment takes at our environmental laws.  For instance, let me spend a moment talking about some of the provisions with respect to access to the courts that are in the amendment that is before the Senate this morning.  First, I feel strongly that citizens have a constitutional right to access the courts with respect to concerns over the management of our national forests, but I also believe they do not have a constitutional right to a 5-year delay. So, I have made it clear I support reforms that address these questions and expedite the critical work that needs to be done. But, I want my colleagues to understand this amendment before us today goes too far and that is why I oppose it.  This amendment strips away a plaintiff's right to a temporary restraining order and a preliminary injunction. This means, essentially, that the plaintiff's case will be heard on its merits, but while he is waiting to be heard the agency does not need to wait to complete the project over which the suit was filed. In effect, people are going to be suing over stumps.  I do not think that is what the Senate wants. I do not think that is what makes sense.  They are going to say this keeps the courthouse door open. I want my colleagues to know that though the courthouse door may be open, the effect of this provision is the plaintiff never makes it past the coat closet of the courthouse. This is not a meaningful and balanced approach to forestry. Justice is not going to be found with respect to the provisions as written.  This issue is fundamentally about trust. Certainly, there are many good people at the federal land management agencies. But suffice it to say there are many in the environmental community that do not trust the natural resources leadership of these agencies. There are many on the other side and many people in rural communities who believe there are some in the environmental community that simply are committed to delay.  So what I have tried to do, along with Senator Feinstein, Senator Bingaman, and others who spent many hours with us, is to come up with a reasonable, mainstream proposal to reduce hazardous fuels, improve the environment and protect communities.  For example, we have said there ought to be a categorical exclusion from required NEPA analysis of the hazardous fuels reduction projects that produce a significant amount of green timber and salvage when accompanied by environmental safeguards like protecting big old trees and the assurance that the building of new roads will not waste the limited resources we have for such projects. This provision that we have talked about could save between 1\1/2\ and 3\1/2\ years of time.  Going even further, we said--and this can only be done by statute--there should be no administrative appeals on these projects.  Senator Bingaman, Senator Feinstein, myself and others, have said these are the kinds of ideas and approaches that help to bring the Senate together to try to find the common ground in this area. Unfortunately, that has been unacceptable to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle up to this point. That is why I believe the Craig-Domenici language that overreaches will polarize, in my view, this very contentious debate even further.  I would like to see the Senate make a very real and meaningful attempt to address the important forest management issues and reduce the risk of wildfire. I would like to see expedited treatment for key areas. My sense is there is broad agreement now that on 5 million acres, even 6 million acres--I have heard colleagues talk about 7 million acres--if we could address the questions of a fair and open process with respect to the courts, the Senate could come together.  I am very anxious to work with my colleagues to do that. But given the contentiousness of this issue, I think the amendment before us now so restrains people who would like to bring legitimate questions of forest policy to the courts, that provision is going to so polarize the Senate as to set back the effort to try to find common ground.  What I want to do is work on a bipartisan basis to implement the National Fire Plan. That is a collaborative effort. That is the kind of effort that would bring the Senate together. That is what we were able to do in the county payments law and I hope we can do it again.  We have to put firefighting dollars where they can best be used in a strategic way to reduce hazardous fuels, to start in the places where treatment would be most effective, the wild and urban interface ecosystems and municipal watersheds where fire can cause the most damage.  Senator Bingaman has worked with Senator Feinstein and others on that. I think this is the kind of approach that brings people together. Certainly there is a commitment to cut these never-never land legal processes down in a significant way, but they have to maintain the integrity of the system.  Already I mentioned the prospect of being able to save 1\1/2\ to 3\1/2\ years of time when we are talking about the categorical exclusions from required NEPA analysis on hazardous fuels that myself and Senator Bingaman and others have supported. That is a significant step towards reducing the time line that so many folks are upset about in pursuing hazardous fuels reduction projects.  I am open to other ideas and suggestions but I hope the Senate will not support the amendment that is before us now. I do believe what will happen if this amendment passes is that plaintiffs will be suing over stumps. People will not be able to have the issues addressed, in effect, while it is appropriate, while the case is moving forward. That is why I think the amendment is an overreach.  I hope my colleagues will continue to work with Senator Bingaman, Senator Feinstein and me, and the many colleagues who would like to find common ground come forward to work with us and support a package that would allow us to get expedited treatment for important projects while at the same time be sensitive to fair access to the courts and to environmental values.  I yield the floor.  