I am grateful that the other long-term benefits that were to be considered under the original Senate Klamath language will stillbe considered under this provision: benefits to the agricultural economy through incentives for the use of irrigation efficiency, water conservation, or other agricultural practices; wetland restoration; and improvement of upper Basin watershed and water quality. Due to the cooperative nature of all farm programs, I remain hopeful that this provision will be implemented in a manner that respects and uses the local expertise of the Klamath Basin farmers. In addition, this program should be implemented in the Klamath Basin while the administration considers the long term effects of the water savings.  The original Senate Klamath language required the USDA to spend $175 million over 5 years, through the Natural Resources Conservation Service and the Farm Service Agency, on Klamath Basin hydrology and wetlands restoration using any applicable USDA program. The particular programs were not noted in order to provide some flexibility for the Department and basin farmers. The current language limits that flexibility, but fills an important purpose in the basin.  I am thankful that the President established a cabinet level Klamath Working Group, made up of the Secretaries of Interior, Agriculture, and Commerce, thereby fulfilling another purpose of Senate Klamath language that authorized the creation of a Klamath Basin Interagency Task Force made up of agencies from the Departments of Interior, Agriculture, and Commerce. It is my hope, however, that while the Senate Klamath language required public non-federal notice of work and intended plans by the Interagency Task Force to provide local awareness and the conference report does not, the current Administration Working group would provide such public notice.  But there is more work to be done. While the $50,000,000 provided for producers to conserve water in the Klamath Basin is a start, it will not complete the entire hydrological restoration necessary in the basin. The basin requires specific projects such as these I list here to restore the basin: $3,479,000 for feasibility studies by the Bureau of Reclamation, included in the President's funding request for the Klamath Project for FY 2002; $4 million to purchase, one time, 2700 acres at Goose Bay in Upper Klamath Lake (TNC); $25 million over 5 years for the restoration of the Upper Klamath Lake tributaries (such as the Sprague, Williamson, and Wood Rivers); $40 million over 5 years for the restoration of historic Upper Klamath Lake wetlands; $20 million over 5 years for the restoration of Lake Ewauna below Upper Klamath Lake that is essential for sucker habitat; $1 million for riparian fencing, grazing management, stream-bank restoration and revegetation under CRP; $5 million for the purchase of the Barnes property by the Bureau of Reclamation for the whole project to be managed by the Bur Rec, county commissioners, local water irrigation districts, USDA and F Service and the Tribes, using some portion of the money for a set-aside to match state and private wetland restoration dollars from entities such as OWEB and Oregon Water Trust and designate some portion of the money for scientific work including scientific work by the Klamath Tribe Department of Natural Resources; $4,500,000 of new funding for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to conduct in-stream flow studies in the basin deemed necessary by the Secretary, including in-stream flow studies below Iron Gate Dam; $20 million for the voluntary lease of water rights; $1 million for the evaluation of intentional winter flooding of volunteer agricultural lands: Dry Year Reserve--to idle basin irrigated acreage--promoted by Water Users through Bur Rec but could be done through shorter contracts in WRP; $15 million for the purchase of water easements; $10 million for the construction of groundwater wells in conjunction with USGS surveys; $5 million authorized for grants to local irrigation districts, through the Rural Development/Utilities accounts to improve irrigation of Klamath Basin practices that will conserve water and improve water quality.  In addition to the above concerns, this money will not be available to the native American tribes in the basin, the Klamath, the Yurok, the Kurok, and the Hoopa. This is a shame. These tribes make up an important user group in the basin and no real long-term solution will be achievable without them.  