President, today I rise to support the 2002 farm bill conference report because it is good for Oregon producers at home and in the world market.  Agriculture in Oregon is a $3.5 billion business. There are 40,000 farms in Oregon, totaling over 17 million acres. The average farm size is 430 acres, with a stunning variety of crops, made up of 10,000 plus wheat farms in the eastern part of the State to 100 acre vineyards in the western part of the State.  Overall, the Oregon Farm Bureau supports this farm bill. Oregon wheat and barley growers are anxious to see the workings of the new loan rates and market transition payments. They are also pleased to hear that all changes are in effect for the 2002 crop.  Oregon dairy producers tell me the compromise that maintains a permanent $9.90 milk price support program will help them in the long term, whereas the establishment of a 3.5 year National Dairy Program to provide assistance to all U.S. dairy producers will help them in the short term.  Oregon's wool producers are pleased that the conference report provides marketing loans or loan deficiency payments to them based on a loan rate of $1 per pound for graded wool and $.40 per pound for non-graded wool.  This conference report also provides $94 million, nationally, for apple producers who have suffered low market prices.  But those are just specific examples of how this conference report will be good for Oregon producers. In a more general sense, this conference is good for Oregon's specialty crop producers in the following ways: specialty crop purchases for section 32 requiring not less than $200 million for fruits and vegetables. At least $50 million of that amount is for schools through the DoD Fresh Program; MAP funds--$650 million over the life of the bill, hitting the authorized ceiling of $200 million in the fifth year; Technical Assistance for Specialty Crops provides $19 million for exporter assistance to address barriers that restrict US specialty crop exports; $400 million for food assistance of which some is destined for specialty crop purchases; in addition, increased funds for school lunch programs, the WIC program, and the Seniors Farmers Market program, of which Oregon is one of the pilot States; and, Country of Origin Labeling for fresh meats, fruits, vegetables and fish will help Oregon's producers.  In addition, while some environmental organizations are not pleased by the increases provided in the conservation title of this conference report, Oregon farmers will benefit overall from the 80 percent increase in conservation programs. Specifically, $50 million is provided for the Klamath Basin under a new Water Conservation Program that provides cost-share incentives and assistance for efforts to conserve ground and surface water.  The nutrition title is supported by Oregonians who strongly supported, and were successful in maintaining, the provision that reinstates food stamp benefits for legal immigrants. Oregonians will benefit from simplifications to the TANF and food stamp programs.  Oregonians will also benefit from the $1.03 billion Rural Development title that will, in addition to other new and improved rural development programs, make $100 million available nationally to allow rural consumers to receive high-speed, high-quality broadband service. It also provides $50 million for the Rural Firefighters and Emergency Personnel Grant Program which will help as rural Oregon communities face increasing fire danger from public lands.  For years I have supported increased funding for agricultural research. Research dollars have been important to Oregon agriculture because they enable Oregon agriculture to be competitive in the world markets. This title increases funding from $120 million/year to $200 million/year in fiscal year 2006.  This conference report contains a new $100 million cost share program to assist private non-industrial forest land owners in adopting sustainable forest management practices. It also authorizes research pilot programs in carbon sequestration for agriculture producers and forest land owners. Both of these programs will be available to Oregonians, regarded as leaders in these areas.  There are additional programs in this conference report that will benefit Oregonians that I have not specifically mentioned. However, the real work will begin when the President signs this conference report into law, as he hasindicated he will do. We will start the arduous process of implementation. I will be there, with my Senate and House colleagues, as that process moves forward to make sure the intent and spirit of this law is adhered to: to encourage environmentally sound, economically stable agriculture.  