But I can tell him that despite his strong views on the subject, I never would have agreed to the photo ID provision in any negotiation because I believe this provision is a poison pill that is going to silence the political voices of seniors, the disabled, young people, and minorities from coast to coast.  The distinguished senior Senator from Missouri talked about discussing it with nursing home residents. Let us talk about that for a moment.  I was director of the Gray Panthers for 7 years before I was elected to the House of Representatives. I served on the aging committee there, and I serve on the aging committee here. I have dedicated my whole professional life to the cause of senior citizens. I can assure the distinguished Senator from the State of Missouri that there are not any nursing home residents in this country asking to be taken to the copy center to make Xerox copies of driver's licenses or other documents. That is just not going to happen. Many of the seniors are voting by mail because physically going to the polls is hard for them. Forcing seniors to get to a library or a copy center to photocopy an identification card would be just as hard as a trip to the polling place.  I don't think the principal way to stop voter fraud is to make it harder for Americans to vote. The way to deter fraud is to go after it early, when people fraudulently register to vote, and punish it hard. That is what this bill does. That is on what the State of Oregon is focusing. If someone submits a false Federal photo ID or a utility bill, or if somebody attempts to register a cat or a dog to vote, the time to catch them is at the beginning, at the point of registration. It will be a lot more difficult once the registration is in.  In Oregon, those who falsify their registration face up to a $100,000 fine and/or up to 5 years in prison and the loss of their vote. It is a pretty stiff penalty for registering a dog. There are cases outstanding now from the last election.  I tell my colleagues that I think there is also a question, if one really wants to go after fraud. The way my State thinks they can best deter fraud is, Why not figure out a way to make the registration provision kick in in 2002? I think there is a real question about how it is that the registration provision really isn't kicking in until 2004. I think that was an opportunity, had it be sped up, to really meaningfully go after fraud and do it in a way that would not deter voter participation.  The new photo ID or proof of address requirement for first-time voters is going to create many more problems than it will solve. How will the election monitors know exactly who is the first-time voter and whom they should ask for a photo ID? What if only 5 people out of 50 in a line in a polling place are singled out to produce that photo? What if the utility bill that Mabel Barnes brings to the polling place lists her as ``M. Barnes'' and the election monitor says, How do I know the ``M'' doesn't stand for ``Mark,'' and they reject the identification? What if Mabel Barnes is an elderly widow who liveswith her daughter, has no driver's license, has no accounts in her name, and has her Social Security check directly deposited to her daughter's bank account? In that case, Mabel Barnes, the senior citizen, wouldn't meet the necessary requirements for the first-time voter in the bill.  I say to my colleague, the distinguished senior Senator from Missouri, that he may be talking to nursing home residents in his State, but I will put my 20 years of working with older people, going back to those days of the Gray Panthers, on the line here and say in the most sincere way that I can that I think this bill's photo ID provision is a poison pill. It is going to disenfranchise an awful lot of seniors. I do not know of any nursing home residents in this country who would be asking to be taken to a copy center if this were to go forward. They are going to be disenfranchised. That is a reality of the provision.  I would like to take a couple minutes to explain Oregon's pioneering vote by mail system so my colleagues will get a sense of why section 103, if left unmodified, would be so damaging to States such as Oregon, and other States that rely on mail-in ballots such as Alaska, New York, and Washington.  I also say to my colleagues, I guess it is worth noting that I am the first mail-in U.S. Senator. I am the first Senator ever elected exclusively by mail in a campaign that was very close with my colleague, my friend, Senator Smith. By the way, Senator Smith did not cite any evidence of voter fraud in that very closely contested election, to his credit. Many certainly pushed him to do it, and he did not because our system is working.  Enacted by nearly 70 percent of the voters in the 1998 general election, Oregon's vote-by-mail system does not need fixing by the Federal Government. Our voter registration card already includes an oath swearing the signer is a U.S. citizen. Submitting a false registration is a class C felony carrying a penalty of up to $100,000 or 5 years in prison. The same penalties apply to anyone who knowingly votes twice or whose signature cannot be matched with the signature on file with the county clerk.  Oregon's counties verify the signature on each ballot return envelope to the original signature on the voter registration card. Because ballots cannot be forwarded, Oregon's voting rolls have been clean.  In the 2000 general election, out of 1.9 million registered voters, about 1.5 million cast votes, about 80 percent. Of the 1.5 million votes, the counties referred a number of ballots to the secretary of state, close to several hundred. In five of these cases, there was enough evidence for the State to prosecute. The remaining 187 votes were not counted because Oregon requires signature verification for counting the vote.  Since the 1996 May primary, 13 cases of fraud have been prosecuted; convictions won in 5, and 8 cases still pending.  So we want to make it clear that in our State, which has pioneered this innovative approach so popular with seniors and working families, and many who live very hectic and busy lives, the signature authentication system has proven remarkably good at detecting and deterring fraud. Despite that record, this bill, this legislation, says that that system is not good enough.  The photo ID requirement would also be expensive for the States that use voter signature. Election officials at home in Oregon tell me they know of no State that has an easier and more inexpensive way to figure out just who is a first-time voter.  So let's just think about the ramifications. We all--Democrats and Republicans alike--want to encourage young people and first-time voters, those who have not participated in the political process, to participate. So here we are, at a time when it is already difficult, according to the election officials, to try to keep track of who is a first-time voter, and we now have a bill that will make it even tougher to address these issues because of the added expense.  If the provision were in effect, each time a new voter registered in a county, the county clerk would have to call the clerks--at least in my State--in the 35 other counties to determine whether the person was still registered there. Oregon is working to develop a centralized voter registration system, as the bill calls for, by 2004. But it is going to cost about $7 million to do that.  So here is what is going to happen this fall at polling places across the country if the poison pill that is this photo ID provision remains in the legislation.  Millions of first-time voters who register by mail in 28 States will get up on election day and go to the polls to vote. They will wait in line. And when they finally get to the front, they will be asked for a copy of their utility bill, their bank statement, or a valid photo driver's licence. Suppose they walk to the polls or share an apartment where the utilities are all under a roommate's name? They will not be able to satisfy that new requirement. They will go home. And I think any Member of the Senate who thinks those people are going to come back is just not talking to those people or to those election officials who have worked closely with them.  The photo ID requirement in the bill also applies if you registered by mail and you are a first-time voter in any jurisdiction. That means that a voter who lived in a part of Salem, OR, who was in Marion County and moved to West Salem and Polk County, and was voting there for the first time, would have to mail in, with their ballot, a copy of a photo ID or a bank statement. If they voted at a polling place, they would have to show a proof of identification. Without the photo ID, an otherwise eligible voter would be turned away and would probably not come back.  Some might say not to worry because there is a provisional ballot. However, every first-time voter who is turned away at the polls this November is not going to be able to use provisional ballots because under another section of the bill provisional ballots do not take effect until 2004.  The defenders of this provision claim they want every vote to count, but, in my view, this requirement almost guarantees that seniors, the disabled, minorities, and others are going to be disenfranchised from coast to coast.  My colleagues, it seems to me there is a lesson from Florida that is relevant to the debate tonight. What the message from Florida was all about is that the elections process needs to be simplified. It needs to be made less complicated. The photo ID requirement is going to take the elections process across this country in just the opposite direction and make it more complicated.  My State is not alone in its opposition to the photo ID requirement because of the damage the provision would cause, and cause nationwide.  The provision, in my view, is going to work a hardship on minority voters. In fact, last November a Federal court ruled against an identification requirement used at a polling place in Massachusetts, finding that:       The burden imposed by this photo ID requirement will fall      disproportionately on the Latin American community, thereby      violating section 2 of the Voting Rights Act.  There is a reason that this coalition of groups of seniors and minorities and a variety of organizations that have worked to expand the franchise is opposing this legislation. They want to see us expand the franchise. They want to deter fraud, but they do not want to deter voting.  I say to my colleagues, supporting this amendment is going to allow 27 States and the District of Columbia to keep their voters' signature or attestation systems, but even more importantly, it is going to protect an approach, a system for voting to which more and more Americans are attracted. More and more Americans like the appeal and the convenience of this way to vote.  In my view, putting a photo ID system in place at the end of the line, at the very end of the process, rather than taking strong steps to discourage fraud at the outset of the process, when a voter registers, is not the way to go. We ought to be taking steps that are cost effective, that are practical.  I know my colleague from Missouri is sincere in his views. I wish I could have been part of the negotiations that took place in committee because I would have brought to the Senator from Missouri and the Senator from Kentucky some of the senior citizens with whom I have worked over the years, some ofthe seniors with whom I have worked in the Meals on Wheels programs and in nursing homes. They are not going to be able to comply with these provisions. These are folks who are having difficulty reading existing government forms.  My goodness, we all hear from seniors who are having difficulty reading some of what is on a pill bottle. And my colleague has said that these are people who are going to be able to go out and find Xerox machines and copy centers and the like. It is just not going to happen.  It is not a debate about my colleague's sincerity. I know he feels strongly about these views. This is a debate about the real-life provisions of this legislation and the hardships that are going to be caused by this photo ID provision. In my view, it is in fact a poison pill that does great harm to an otherwise very good bill that the distinguished Senator from Connecticut and the distinguished Senator from Kentucky have put together.  I hope my colleagues will vote for this amendment. It has great ramifications for the electoral system in our country. I strongly urge the support of the amendment.  I yield the floor.  