 While I appreciate the work Senator Murray, Senator Alexander, and others have done on this legislation, I cannot in good conscience vote on it in its current form.  It goes without saying that everybody, whether Republican, Democrat, or Independent, wants to find cures to the terrible diseases that are impacting the lives of millions of people, such as cancer, Alzheimer's, diabetes, and theterrible illnesses that strike children. We all want to find cures for those illnesses, but that is not really what this debate is about. The debate we are having on this bill is simple: Do we continue to cave in to the demands of the pharmaceutical industry--an industry that is making recordbreaking profits by charging the American people, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs--or do we have the courage to stand up to the CEOs of big drug companies whose prices are so high that one out of five Americans who gets a prescription from a doctor is unable to afford to fill that prescription? Let's be clear. If you cannot afford to fill that prescription, you will likely get sicker, and in some cases, you are going to die.  It is incomprehensible to me that we have a major bill dealing with prescription drugs, and yet we are running away from the most important issue that impacts millions of people and that the American people feel very strongly about, and that is the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and the outrageously high prices our people are being forced to pay. That is the issue on which we must focus.  If we were really serious about finding cures for life-threatening illnesses and diseases, maybe--just maybe--we would adequately fund the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration. Over the last 12 years, medical research has been cut by over 20 percent after adjusting for inflation. Even if this bill passes, funding for NIH will still be roughly $7 billion less this year than what it was in 2004. Meanwhile, over the same time period--just to put this in context--the top 1 percent has received over $1 trillion in tax breaks. In other words, we cannot fund the agencies that are trying to find cures for diseases, but we can give unbelievably significant tax breaks to the 1 percent.  Let me very briefly give a few major reasons this bill should be defeated.  No. 1, as I said a moment ago, the most important prescription drug-related crisis facing our country right now is the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs. This bill does not even deal with that issue. How can we talk about a bill dealing with the pharmaceutical industry without addressing the elephant in the room, which is the fact that we pay the highest prices in the world for medicine? And in many cases, those costs are soaring.  In America today, one out of five people between the ages of 19 and 64 cannot afford to fill their prescriptions. Hundreds of thousands of seniors are forced to cut their pills in half because the medicine they need is just too expensive. Let me give just a few examples.  Since 2007, Mylan has raised the price of a package of EpiPens by 461 percent while rewarding its CEO with a 671-percent increase in compensation. Maybe, just maybe, we might want to address that issue.  Last year, Turing Pharmaceuticals increased the price of Daraprim by 5,000 percent overnight. It went from $13.50 to $750 for just one pill.  While thousands of children in Flint have been poisoned by lead, Valeant increased the price of the drug to treat this disease 2,700 percent in a single year--from $7,100 to about $27,000.  Meanwhile, at a time when 35 million Americans cannot afford the medicine they need, the drug companies are making enormous profits and providing extremely generous compensation packages to their executives. Last year, fellow Americans, while you were paying more and more for prescription drugs you desperately needed, the 5 major drug companies made over $50 billion in profit--$50 billion in profit, 5 drug companies--while the top 10 pharmaceutical executives received over $320 million in compensation. In fact, the prescription drug companies literally have money to burn. This year, the pharmaceutical industry spent $131 million to defeat Proposition 61, a ballot initiative in California that would have lowered average drug prices by at least 24 percent for millions of people. They spent $131 million in California to defeat a proposal that would have lowered drug prices.  How does it happen that the pharmaceutical companies can charge any price they want for prescription drugs? The answer is clear: The prescription drug industry, along with Wall Street, is the most powerful political force in America. I have been fighting the greed of the prescription drug industry for decades, and as far as I can tell, the pharmaceutical industry always win. They never lose. They win, but the American people lose.  Since 1998, the pharmaceutical industry has spent more than $3 billion in lobbying all over this place. There are hundreds and hundreds of lobbyists telling Members of Congress what the pharmaceutical industry wants, and they have made hundreds of millions of dollars in campaign contributions. They currently have over 1,200 lobbyists on their payrolls here in Washington, including former leaders of the Democratic and Republican Parties. That is why the pharmaceutical industry makes huge profits while the American people cannot afford the medicine they need.  It would be one thing if these outrageous price increases were happening in other major countries. Are these price increases taking place all over the world? The answer is, they are not. In 2013, we spent nearly 40 percent more per person on prescription drugs than Canada and five times as much as in Denmark. How is it that the cost of prescription drugs in Denmark, Canada, the UK, and France is significantly lower than it is in the United States? That is an issue, and it is high time we begin discussing it. For example, it costs $730 for a 90-day supply of Crestor--which is used to treat high cholesterol--in the United States but just $160 in Canada. Americans with heartburn pay $736 for a 90-day supply of Nexium, but that same product costs $214 in Canada. Americans with arthritis are forced to pay $895 for Celebrex, but it costs just $280 in Canada.  During this recent campaign, President-Elect Donald Trump promised, among many other things, to lower the prices of prescription drugs. That is what Mr. Trump said. He promised that he would ``allow consumers access to imported, safe and dependable drugs from overseas to bring more options to consumers.'' He also promised to require Medicare to negotiate with the drug companies for lower prices--something that is banned by law today.  Here is what President-Elect Trump said while on the campaign trail:       We are not allowed to negotiate drug prices. Can you      believe it? We pay about $300 billion more than we are      supposed to, than if we negotiated the price. So there's $300      billion on day one we solve.  Since President-Elect Trump supports requiring Medicare to negotiate with drug companies to lower prices, which is an idea that many people in this body also support, and since Mr. Trump believes we should be able to reimport low-cost medicines from Canada and other countries, I am quite confident that all of my Republican colleagues will support an amendment in my hands that will do exactly what Mr. Trump said he would accomplish as President. Think about what you can do to pave the way for Mr. Trump when he comes into office. You will have already satisfied one of his major campaign pledges.  Therefore, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the pending motion to concur with an amendment be set aside, and I ask unanimous consent for the immediate consideration of a motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 34 with a further amendment that I send to the desk.  