I want to thank my friend again for yielding.  If you turn the pages of the past few days and the past few weeks, I think we have a record of bipartisanship. First, I am happy to remind my friend that we have passed a number of bills recently with bipartisan support, including the National Water Research and Development Initiative Act. The vote was 410-13. Today we passed credit card legislation, 357-70. And the Mortgage Reform and Anti-Predatory Lending Act, which we expect on the floor next week, passed out of committee on a bipartisan vote of 49-21, with eight Republicans supporting it.  So I say to my friend, I hope there are many more opportunities in the future to continue to build on our record of bipartisanship, and I look forward to working with you to find opportunities to do much more. We want to work with the President. We want to work with you to cut waste.  Mr. McCARTHY of California. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate that. And when I look at bipartisanship, I look at the biggest bills that have transferred through this House in such a short amount of time. Just yesterday, on the 100-day anniversary, on the budget that would double the debt in less than 5 years and triple it in 10, the bipartisan vote, unfortunately, was a number of Democrats--17--joining with all the Republicans and saying there was a better way, and no.  I think the American people would like to see another version, such as when you saw the stimulus bill. Unfortunately, the bipartisanship was a direction that we wanted to have another way to go. It is unfortunate that you would find only one party voting ``yes'' when you had both parties saying ``no.''  So in areas that I think we can really come together, where the President has laid out that he wants to find ways that we can eliminate waste and duplication, we have our hand out, we want to work with you.  And so I just ask you one more time, is there an opportunity--and I know you've talked about bipartisanship. We will provide a list to the President. We will provide a list to you as well. Could we bring that to the floor within the next 3 weeks before we go on the Memorial Day recess and show the American people that we are very serious about eliminating waste, fraud, and duplication?  I yield to the gentleman.  