Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington, the Chair of the Income Security Subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee, Congressman McDermott.  (Mr. McDERMOTT asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will allow the Federal unemployment trust funds to receive interest-bearing loans from the general Treasury. These loans will be repaid when the unemployment trust funds once again have adequate reserves.  Currently, the single biggest draw on Federal trust funds are loans to States' unemployment programs. Eighteen States already have loan balances exceeding $12 billion, and more are expected to request assistance in the coming weeks and months. This recession, which started in December of 2007, has placed enormous strains on State unemployment programs. But truth be told, too many State programs had inadequate reserves to provide benefits even in a mild downturn. In the future, more should be done to promote long-term solvency for the unemployment system; however, right now, our mandate is to ensure that the States can continue to pay their unemployment benefits to those entitled to them.  When economists and historians look back at this moment in history, I believe one of the things they will agree, what we did right was to reach out and help those Americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own.  Last June, we enacted the quickest ever extension of unemployment benefits relative to the start of the recession. In November, we further extended benefits to dislocated workers. And earlier this year, we enacted a historic package of unemployment insurance reforms as part of the Recovery Act, including maintaining the availability of extended benefits, increasing the weekly UI benefit amount, and providing grants to States that modernize their unemployment programs.  Under these reforms, over half the States have enacted improvements to their unemployment programs such as improving coverage for low-wage and part-time workers. In addition, over 9 million UI recipients are receiving $100 more a month as we speak in order to help buy groceries and other necessities, and 3 billion unemployed workers are now receiving extended benefits.  