President, it is my intention to be brief. I am offering this amendment with the distinguished chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Senator Harkin, and I have had a chance to visit with the distinguished Senator from Georgia, Mr. Chambliss. It is our intention to work very closely with Senator Chambliss in hopes that we can work out the amendment I am going to offer now.  This amendment is an important one because it gives us a chance to promote the use of biofuels to reduce our Nation's dependence on foreign oil. We have worked hard to try to build a broad coalition of organizations, ranging from the National Association of Wheat Growers to the League of Conservation Voters, in an attempt to ensure this proposal would have broad support in the Senate.  From an oil standpoint, I think we all understand the value of promoting biofuels. Our country now imports roughly $1 billion a day of oil. The fact is--and Senator Chambliss and I serve on the Intelligence Committee--I have come to believe our dependence on foreign oil is a national security issue. When you pull up at a gas pump in this country, whether it is New Jersey or Oregon or Alabama, you, in effect, pay a terror tax. A portion of what you pay at the gas pump in our States, in effect, eventually finds its way to a government in the Middle East, such as Saudi Arabia, which consistently ends up, through charitable groups and others, back to terrorist organizations that want to kill patriotic Americans. So our dependence on foreign oil has very clear consequences, and it is important for wheat growers and environmentalists and others to come together, as Senator Harkin and I have sought to do in our amendment with respect to biofuels. It is important as a national security issue, and it is important from an environmental standpoint.  In my view, our proposals can reduce the amount of CO2 and other greenhouse gases that are being released into the atmosphere and contributing to global warming. Our amendment will provide an opportunity for new sources of income for our farmers and our communities. What Senator Harkin and I and the wheat growers and the environmental folks have sought to do is to make sure we can get these economic benefits for our farmers in a way that will ensure we protect the land and water and air for the longer term.  The amendment Senator Harkin and I offer is built on four key principles: We want to promote growing biofuels stocks with sustainable agricultural practices, we want to protect native ecosystems, we want to protect biodiversity, and we want to encourage this biofuels production on a local basis so as to promote local economies. That means assembling enough farmers, growing enough feedstocks, and being in a position to fund a new bioenergy fuel or conversion facility. We give a boost to that effort with some small planning grants in order to help those farmers get off the ground. In addition, we think our proposed amendment is going to set realistic kinds of conservation objectives, again to promote soil and wetlands, avoid the untouched native grasslands and forests, and warrant the investment our country should be making in this exciting area.  At the end of the day--and then I will yield to my friend, the distinguished chairman of the committee--we think bioenergy production can be done in a way that protects threatened ecosystems. The two are not mutually exclusive. It is not a question of bioenergy production or protecting our treasured lands and air and water. We can do both, and that is what the distinguished Senator from Iowa, the chairman, and I have sought to do.  I am really pleased--I think the chairman may not have been on the floor--that we have the National Association of Wheat Growers in alliance with the League of Conservation Voters. It doesn't happen every day. I had a chance to visit with the distinguished Senator from Georgia, Mr. Chambliss, and what I was trying to do was to talkabout the fact that this is an exciting coalition that adds a lot of energy and passion for the future to this bill.  Mr. President, I wish to yield at this time to my friend, the distinguished chairman of the committee. It is our intent to work with the Senator from Georgia in hopes that we can all work this out. We had a good conversation before we got on the floor, and I thank the Senator from Iowa for all his assistance.  