The Census Bureau reported a moral abomination. Here in the richest country on Earth, more than 2 million additional Americans are without health insurance. With many more citizens one health premium rate hike away from joining the ranks of the uninsured, the next Director of the Office of Management and Budget must face up to a stark fact. America's dysfunctional health care system, with its rising costs, hefty increases in chronic illness and unique hardship for employers, will drive the future of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, our largest domestic Government programs.  At his confirmation hearing, the Washington Post reported that Jim Nussle repeatedly said how honored he would be to continue to discuss the issues raised that morning. My message today for the nominee is straightforward. If Jim Nussle wants the position of director of OMB to be more than an honorary title, he is going to have to work with the Congress on a bipartisan basis on critical issues such as fixing health care, the premier domestic issue of our time. He cannot do that job without bipartisanship.  I suggest there are several opportunities for just that. Senator Baucus, Senator Grassley, Senator Rockefeller, and Senator Hatch have worked hard to expand coverage for our Nation's youngsters. The administration has indicated they would veto that legislation. I hope if Jim Nussle is confirmed as the head of the Office of Management and Budget, he will be a voice for bringing all sides together and bringing together all sides quickly to get that legislation passed and provide additional protection for our youngsters. If that is accomplished, then it would be possible late this fall to move on to broader legislation to fix health care. I and Senator Bennett, in the first bipartisan health reform bill brought to the Senate in more than 13 years, have proposed legislation, which has also been sponsored by Senators Nelson, Gregg, and Alexander, that addresses other key issues such as the Tax Code in American health care.  The Tax Code today disproportionately favors the richest and promotes inefficiency at the same time. We have largely sick care in America, not health care. Medicare Part A will pay thousands for seniors' hospital bills, and then Medicare Part B will pay hardly anything for prevention.  The administration would have the opportunity to work with Democrats and Republicans on a bipartisan basis to fix health care if someone such as Jim Nussle, confirmed as the head of Office of Management and Budget, wanted to change course with the administration's previous priorities.  In his hearing in the Budget Committee, I noted Jim Nussle was interested in a number of key domestic issues in working for reforms. In my fair flat tax legislation, for example, we take away the discrimination against work in the Tax Code. Jim Nussle indicated he would be willing to work on tax reform and maybe can convince an administration that has not given the issue the time of day to get back to it.  So it is my hope, having voted for the nominee in the committee because he pledged he would work on bipartisan issues such as health care and tax reform, to give him that opportunity. I have disagreed and disagreed profoundly with the administration's priorities, particularly as they relate to health care and taxes. It has been my sense--because in the Senate if you want to get anything done that is important, it has to be bipartisan--we need individuals to step up and say they are going to try to bring both sides together. My colleagues have mentioned that has not been the record, unfortunately, of Congressman Nussle in the past. But he told us at his confirmation hearing on key domestic issues--the domestic issues that are going to drive the future of America'seconomy--he would be willing to work in a bipartisan kind of way. We have given him that opportunity. We have given him that opportunity on the CHIP legislation, with four Senators working in a bipartisan way to help America's youngsters. Senator Bennett and I and Senators Alexander and Gregg and Nelson are giving that opportunity for broader health care reform as well.  My hope is Jim Nussle will do what he pledged to do in his confirmation hearing, which is to work with both sides of the aisle so we do not waste another 2 years. That is really the alternative--just to say we are pretty much done until after the next election. Senator Bennett and I do not want to do that on fixing American health care. We have Senators who do not want to do that on the CHIP legislation. Because it is my hope Jim Nussle will try to work in a bipartisan way on these issues, I intend to vote for the nominee this afternoon.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  