And we have in the chair serving as Presiding Officer of our distinguished body the Senator from Virginia, a decorated veteran. My understanding is he does not have the legal right to see these documents prior to the vote; that they were only made available to members of the Intelligence Committee and perhaps several others in the leadership. I think that is wrong. I think every Member of this body ought to insist on their right to be able to go down to the Old Executive Office Building and read the documents I have read, which I believe offer an extraordinarily skimpy case for total retroactive immunity.  I hope we will have a chance to discuss this issue further. I appreciate the Senator from Connecticut making the point that he has with respect to his seniority in the body, his membership on key committees, such as the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and he is not provided the legal right to see these documents before he casts this vote.  I wish to discuss briefly one other amendment which has come up during the course of the morning, and that is an amendment I offered in the Senate Intelligence Committee which won bipartisan support in the Intelligence Committee addressing the rights of Americans who travel overseas. I offered it with the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Feingold, and the distinguished Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. Whitehouse. It was approved when the Intelligence Committee voted on that matter on a bipartisan basis.  Most of our citizens are probably not aware that the original Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act only provided protections for Americans inside the United States and that it does not cover Americans who travel overseas. So if the Government wants to deliberately tap the phone calls of a businesswoman, for example in Roanoke, VA, or an armed services member in Pendleton, OR, the Government has to go to a judge, present evidence, and get a FISA warrant. But if that businesswoman or that serviceman is sent overseas, the Attorney General can personally approve the surveillance by making his own unilateral determination of probable cause. In my view, this formulation makes no sense at all. In the digital age, the rights and freedoms of individual Americans should not be dependent on physical geography. That is why I offered the amendment in the Intelligence Committee that would make it clear that Americans have the same rights when they travel overseas as they do inside the United States.  Now, some have raised concerns that my amendment may have unintended consequences. I certainly don't want to see that, and so I have worked with Members of this body, particularly Senators Rockefeller and Bond, to address those concerns. We have made it clear that we are open to technical changes in the proposal so that there will not be the prospect of any unintended consequences, while at the same time protecting the rights of our citizens who travel overseas. Our staffs have been working for many weeks on a potential managers' amendment which would preserve the original intent of the provision, which is very straightforward, and that is to give Americans overseas the same legal protections they have in the United States to the maximum extent possible and to the maximum extent consistent with national security.  We have made progress, Mr. President, on this issue, but we are not quite there yet. I have gotten varying reports as to what may constitute a managers' package with respect to this legislation, but I consider the matter of the travel rights of Americans so fundamental in the digital age, it would be my intent to object to any unanimous consent agreement that waters down these travel rights of law-abiding Americans during these crucial days.  I continue to remain hopeful that, working closely with the distinguished chairman of our full committee, Senator Rockefeller, and the vice chairman, Senator Bond, who is not on the floor, we can reach an agreement. All sides are working in good faith, but without the proper language on this matter, which I do think is once again fundamental to striking that balance between fighting terrorism aggressively and protecting individual liberty, without this amendment I would have to object to any unanimous consent agreement in a managers' package which didn't address the amendment that won bipartisan support in the committee. I hope it will not come to that, and I want to make it clear again to the chairman of the full committee, Senator Rockefeller, and to the vice chairman that I intend to work very closely with them in the upcoming hours to see if we can work this out so I will not have to object to the managers' amendment.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  