President, I am going to take a few minutes this afternoon to discuss the tax provisions in this legislation because I think they are very much in the public interest and something I have been working on for many years.  In the last Congress, for the first time in many years, the executives of the major oil companies--we are talking about Shell and BP and Exxon, the big five companies--were in front of the joint hearing I attended, a joint hearing of the Energy Committee and the Commerce Committee.  With the executives there before this important hearing, I asked all of the oil CEOs if they agreed with a recent statement that President Bush had made. President Bush, of course, an oil man himself, hardly somebody who has any predisposition against the oil industry, recently said that: When oil is over $55 a barrel, the oil companies do not need incentives to explore and develop for oil.  I asked each of the executives that day, the first time they had been asked the question in years and years, and to a person, the executives said they did not need those subsidies. Every single one of the executives said it. What was so stunning about it is that their admission was completely contrary to everything the Congress has been doing pretty much for the previous decade.  For the previous decade, the Congress had just been throwing one subsidy after another at these major oil companies, amounting to billions and billions of dollars. Yet in the last Congress, when the executives were asked to go on record and publicly state their position, the executives admitted they did not need the money that the Congress has been throwing at them, the billions of dollars in subsidies the Congress has been throwing at them.  So what we have is essentially a time now when the companies are making record profits, and they are charging record prices when clearly they do not need record subsidies. That is what theSenate Finance Committee legislation does with respect to the tax provisions. I have reviewed them. 