President, there is a worldwide epidemic of illegal logging which has been poisonous for the global environment and devastating to vital American industries. Given the urgency of this problem, Senator Alexander, myself, and more than 20 other Senators have joined in legislation--S. 1930, the Combat Illegal Logging Act--and I and my good friend from Tennessee are on the floor and wish to speak briefly about this legislation.  We have worked for many months on this bill, cooperatively with the forest products industry, with the conservation community, and with labor organizations, and the Congressional Budget Office recently scored our legislation as having no cost. We have filed this legislation as an amendment to the farm bill, and we believe it is urgent that the Senate pass this legislation on a bipartisan basis to protect American companies from unfair competition and to protect forests around the world against illegal logging.  More than 1 year ago, a group of hardwood plywood manufacturers came to me with concerns about illegal Chinese hardwood plywood imports that were threatening their businesses. A whole host of unfair and illegal practices was lowering the costs of the Chinese hardwood plywood import sector, giving them an unfair advantage over our American hardwood plywood and putting American companies in jeopardy of going out of business and the workers they employ out of work.  Since then, I have been working to level the playing field for these plywood manufacturers, many of whom are in Oregon, and to protect the jobs of the workers they employ. In the course of all this, I have met with the Department of Commerce, the Office of the United States Trade Representative, Customs and Border Patrol, and the International Trade Commission, and have urged them to pursue these issues and act where appropriate. They have, I commend them for it, and they have raised troubling practices that we have brought to light in diplomatic negotiations, opening investigations and even filing a case before the World Trade Organization targeting Chinese subsidies that benefit the hardwood plywood industry.  Our legislation--the legislation Senator Alexander and I hope to win passage for as part of the farm bill--would level the playing field for all American plywood manufacturers as they struggle to compete against artificially low-priced wood and wood products. I am also pleased we have been able to secure the support of the conservation community. They have joined us in this effort because they know it is critically important to the protection of the environment worldwide to act against this illegal logging epidemic.  From the Amazon to the Congo basin to Siberia, we are seeing illegal logging devastate some of the most precious and valuable ecosystems one can imagine. It has been gutting local economies. It has annihilated the very wayof life for a number of these communities. Because of the speed and violence with which illegal logging is occurring, failure to curb its effects now, in my view, is going to result in irreversible damage to forests around the world.  I note my friend from Tennessee is on the floor, and I want to make a couple of additional comments and allow him to speak as well. I see other colleagues want to talk, but I want to take a minute to describe how this illegal activity takes place.  It is typically done by complex criminal networks that have multinational funding, which I think is almost analogous to the way the drug trade works. There was a recent Washington Post article that documented how logs from Burma had been smuggled into Chinese processing facilities and then were exported to major retailers here in our country. In these Chinese processing facilities, what happens is the logs are often mislabeled and misclassified. Sometimes they are even fraudulently stamped with counterfeit stamps that mimic those of well-known wood certifications, such as the Forest Stewardship Council label.  There have been additional reports that have demonstrated how illegal logs are being smuggled out of the last intact rain forest in Asia, in Indonesia, and then they are made into flooring in China to feed the high-end markets in the United States and the EU. So the world's final remaining stands of old-growth teak, for example, are being stripped from Burma's forests to finance the bloody oppression of the military regime. The trade in teak and other valuable tropical hardwoods of Burma and China has reached as much as $350 million in 2005. In some cases one tree is so valuable on the international market that illegal loggers will cut a road through dense tropical forests to access it.  The amendment Senator Alexander and I seek to offer--and there are many bipartisan supporters--would curb illegal logging by making changes in the Lacey Act, which currently regulates trade in fish, wildlife, and a limited subset of plants. The Combat Illegal Logging Act of 2007 would expand the Lacey statute so that violations of foreign law that apply to plants and plant products would fall within its protections. This would make it against the law to import timber illegally harvested and obtained in a foreign country. The act would change the way people who are importing harvested timber and wood products do business. That is its intended purpose.  But I will tell you--and then I want to give what additional time I have left to my friend from Tennessee--I commend the wood products sector, particularly the American Paper Association, which has worked so closely with us. As the Forest and Paper Association, as is their formal name, they have worked diligently with us to make sure the many wood products firms that have worked responsibly in this area can be supportive of this legislation. I am grateful to them for their support and the many environmental organizations that have joined with us.  I see my friend from North Dakota and my friend from Minnesota are here as well. With their leave, Mr. President, I yield whatever time I have to the cosponsor of this legislation, I thank him, and we can conclude our remarks with Senator Alexander.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  