There are tremendous concerns in many of our rural communities about how we are going to finance their schools and roads. In my State, more than 50 percent of the land is owned by the Federal Government. So we are not in a position to pay for schools and roads and essential services the way much of the rest of the country does because there, through transactions that occur on private property, they are able to generate the funds they need to pay for essential services.  When Senator Smith and I go home, we are faced with a very different situation. Because a law I wrote a number of years ago with Mr. Craig, the distinguished Senator from Idaho, expired at the end of the year, we are seeing a number of our local communities face Draconian cuts in essential services.  The layoff announcements are going on right now as local districts and local communities come together and wrestle with how they are going to make the difficult choices with respect to funding essential services. Cuts in excess of 70 percent of discretionary funding are going to cripple one of our counties in rural Oregon, southern Oregon, Douglas County, which currently receives about 43 percent of its annualbudget from the law I authored with Senator Craig.  Another of our counties, Jackson County, again in southern Oregon, is prepared to shut down all of its libraries. That will be coming up very shortly.  In Curry County, they are looking at the prospect of laying off all nonessential workers, including patrol officers, some of whom would be left to perform only the mandated corrections duties. By June, 20 percent of the county workforce in Curry County will have been cut. So it is not clear with these cuts whether the county will even be able to continue to be a county, as it will not be able to provide a minimum level of services.  Road department levels are going to be reduced in areas such as Josephine County and Linn County.  I am going to be having community meetings this weekend on the Oregon coast.  Tillamook County is looking at layoffs in the sheriff's department and cuts to its road maintenance, jeopardizing roads that are critical to getting sawlogs to the mills and having family-wage jobs for workers in my State.  Senator Feinstein and Senator Boxer join me in this. There are stories like this from across the country. Over 700 counties in 39 States have received critical funding from the county payments program. The fact is, in a State such as ours, where the Federal Government owns more than 50 percent of the land in many of these small communities with tiny populations, they are not going to be able to make it without these funds that are a lifeline in terms of law enforcement and schools and essential road and transportation services.  This is my top priority--my top priority--for my State in this session, to try to make sure these funds are reauthorized. In this particular amendment, Senator Smith and Senator Boxer and Senator Feinstein and I want to reauthorize the program for 1 year. But I am also introducing legislation for a long-term reauthorization because I think we ought to get these counties off the roller coaster once and for all.  This is based on an approach that was adopted many years ago with States that had widespread Federal ownership getting funds that related to timber receipts. As a result of the environmental laws, those receipts went down, and we needed this law to ensure that those counties would survive.  So the county payments legislation is supported by a diverse coalition, including the National Association of Counties and a number of labor organizations.  If Senators, particularly in rural communities, look now--as I have been in townhall meetings and other kinds of gatherings--at how we are going to support schools and roads and basic local government, I would only say that without this program, this will hit local communities like a wrecking ball. It is something that should not be abided by this Senate.  I see my colleague from Oregon, my partner in this and many other issues, standing, and I would like to yield at this time. After Senator Smith has completed his remarks, I will wrap up very briefly. I would also note that Senator Reed was here earlier, and I was not aware that he was in the queue as well, and I want him to be able to speak soon in a way that is convenient for him.  So I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Brown). The Senator from Oregon.  