President, I hope tomorrow the Senate will pass urgently needed help for millions of America's children. I hope it will be done quickly because it is a moral abomination that millions of America's kids don't have health care. If the Senate acts quickly and the White House approves the legislation, it would then be possible to move forward on a bipartisan effort to more broadly address the extraordinary health care needs of all of our citizens.  The fact is, you don't get anything important done on health care, or other issues, unless it is bipartisan. Tomorrow, we will see a textbook case of bipartisanship on display on the floor of the Senate. Four members of the Senate Finance Committee on which I am proud to serve--Senators Baucus, Grassley, Rockefeller, and Hatch--and I see my friend from Utah on the floor. I salute him personally in my remarks because I know the Senator from Utah, the Senator from West Virginia, the Senator from Montana, and the Senator from Iowa spent hours and hours, day after day, working on the legislation to help our kids.  Bills such as this don't happen by osmosis; they happen because legislators of good faith, such as Senator Hatch, who, along with Senator Kennedy and others, was a pioneer of this effort. Senator Hatch has addressed the major concerns. This is protecting private options for health care for children. He has been able to target the neediest youngsters. I am pleased he has addressed this waiver question and the remarks that the Senator has made and the distinguished Senator from Iowa has made, joining Senators Baucus and Rockefeller. This is a textbook case, in my view, of how we address health care in a bipartisan way.  Frankly, one of the points I am going to make tonight in my remarks is that I wish to have this issue addressed by the Senate quickly because, first, our kids need it so much and, second, because if we can get it done quickly, he and I, Senator Grassley, and so many other colleagues on the Finance Committee still want to work in a bipartisan way to go further.  