Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  I rise in strong support of the amendment by my very dedicated colleague from New York. His amendment would prohibit for human consumption any meat or meat food product derived from a downed animal.  I might say to my dear friend, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm), a recognized leader in agriculture, that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has already as part of its procedures adopted regulations that ban the purchase of meat from downed animals by its own procurement agencies. So let there be no mistake that our Department of Agriculture believes that it already has the authority to take that action internally.  Let me also say that the Department has estimated that nationally about 190,000 animals every year get so sick that they are unable to stand or walk and they are dragged to slaughter facilities and many of them end up in our food supply. But only about 5 percent of those animals are tested for serious diseases such as mad cow disease.  Now, many probably know that the recent mad cow found in Canada was a downed animal; that the president of the Alberta Beef Producers remarked about ``cows too sick to walk, too sick to stand have no business being part of the food system. This animal should have never left the farm.''  A 2001 study from Germany found that downed animals were anywhere from 10 to 240 times more likely to test positive for BSE than were ambulatory cows. And we all agree, I think we all know, that downed cattle have a higher risk of having BSE, and we should not be sending these animals to slaughter where they may ultimately end up on somebody's dinner table.  Farm Sanctuary used the Freedom of Information Act to analyze USDA slaughter house records for 938 facilities from 1999 through June 2001. They found 73 percent of downed animals passed for human consumption while 27 percent were condemned. But startlingly, among the downed animals approved for human consumption, included afflictions such as gangrene, malignant cancers and pneumonia. These were common.  I think the heart of the gentleman from New York's (Mr. Ackerman) proposal is, why are we sending these animals that should be euthanized and disposed of to auction markets and slaughter houses where they will contaminate healthy animals and, indeed, human health?  The August 2001 issue of ``Dairy Herd Management'' named downed animals as the most important area where the industry needs to clean up its act. So I want to rise in support of the Ackerman amendment. I think the gentleman is moving us all, moving the country toward a better standard, a higher standard. The USDA has already recognized that standard and adopted on its own meat procurement practices. I want to thank the gentleman for helping move America ahead. I think this amendment's consideration today will go a long way in helping to clean up this problem for the American people.  