Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price) for organizing this stellar Special Order this evening on the important question of economic stimulus and recovery for our people and join with all of my able colleagues, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Larson), and others this evening.  I just wanted to mention jobs, J-O-B-S; and the Republican tax cut bill is a job killer. There is plenty of evidence that this plan is merely a repeat of what happened in 2001 in this Congress, in the first Bush tax bill that came before us where now we have lost 3 million more jobs across this country.  It is also a debt-accumulator bill. This tax bill is not going to balance the budget. It is going to increase the deficit. I always thought Republicans were budget balancers. That is what Republicans used to be. They are not that anymore. And I just wanted to point out back in 1981 when Congressman Dick Cheney was a Member of this House, I came here 2 years later in the midst of the worst recession America had faced since the Great Depression. July 29, 1981, when Mr. Cheney chaired the Republican Policy Committee here, a bill was passed that they called the 1981 tax cut bill. And in the following 2 years, millions of Americans were thrown on to unemployment lines; and I became part of a class to try to restore economic integrity to this country. It took us almost 20 years until Bill Clinton became President of the United States. And in 1993, 1996, we began to restore those surpluses that the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott) referenced.  In 2001 under the first Bush plan, the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) said here, ``By moving quickly our hope is to have both monetary and fiscal policy pull this economy out of its nose dive.''  And again, now, we have another job-killer bill. We had a job-killer bill in 1981. We had a job-killer bill in 2001, and now we will have another job-killer bill brought up on this floor tomorrow. It seems to me that one thing Democrats stand for is full employment and good jobs. We should reject this bill tomorrow. It is a repeat of the same old hash they gave us back in 1981 and they gave us in 2001. We should not be snookered for the third time.  