Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I wanted to rise in very strong support of the gentleman from Alabama's (Mr. Davis) amendment. I think it is a very important one to support our land grant institutions, and those that are historically black colleges and Tuskegee Institute. If you think about it, if you look at the budget the President presented to the Congress, the funding for the 1890 land grant institutions was actually cut three times as deeply as funding for the 1862 land grant institutions under the President's submittal. And so the cuts fall more harshly on those institutions that have an enormous load to carry in helping to bring up the talent to perform the research at those colleges which often gets shortchanged because people are spending so much of their time teaching.  I think only an administration that really does not understand what these institutions do could cut the funding three times as deeply as the other trims that were made in the budget. It has been very interesting to watch the President tour Africa. In having worked with our colleagues over the years to try to get linkages between our historically black colleges and Tuskegee Institute with African institutions to try to draw linkages halfway across the world, I know how difficult it has been. It has been hard to get those kinds of agreements to occur, to give these institutions a chance to embrace the 21st century and create the kind of global connections and specialized knowledge that rests in these institutions.  So I think the gentleman makes a very reasonable proposal here for $1.5 million to be directed to the institutions for facilities and $2 million for capacity building for the 1890s institutions, offsetting that $3.5 million from the common computing environment.  When I look at what happened over the weekend with all the news coming out about credit cards over at the Department of Agriculture and some of the internal problems that they are having, I know one thing: when you invest in the Historically Black Colleges and Universities and the Tuskegee Institute, you are investing in people; you are investing in the future where knowledge is so important to propel economic growth including in some of the most hollowed out parts of the country where agriculture has to be the lodestar industry. These institutions provide hope and opportunity for people who were traditionally excluded from other institutions of learning in this country.  So I think that the gentleman has correctly awakened this Congress and the administration to what is not just fair but appropriate and will help to provide opportunity in many quarters. So I want to strongly support the Davis amendment.  