Speaker, I would have to say this also, that when the Bush administration's unemployment proposal was talked about, the President talked about this before the first of the year; he did not say what his proposal really was. His original proposal would have only taken care of the unemployed in three States. The State of Oregon was one of them, but our State was left out, the State of Ohio. I fail to see how an unemployed worker in Ohio who has exhausted his benefits is any different than an unemployed worker in Oregon or New Jersey.  Then there was the issue of how many weeks and at what level for benefits they had worked for. These are working people. They are people who have believed in our system of enterprise and have tried to make a difference in their lives. I was just amazed that none of the press talked about the difference in the bills, that we were as the Democratic Party talking about every State in the Union, every unemployed worker who had fallen off of benefits, and that we were talking about a realistic number of weeks, not just 6 weeks or 7 weeks, but so that people could plan, 26 weeks, which has been historic here.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, we should remember that unemployment benefits have been paid for by the employers and the employees. The employers have to pay a tax; most economists say that comes in the form of lower wages or at least is shared in lower wages by the employees, and there is a large and healthy balance in the unemployment trust fund. Yet our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, the President and the Republican majority, have refused to expend some of those taxes. That was money that was saved for a rainy day for families and individuals across this country. It is raining like hell out there right now, and they need that money. It is their money. That, in fact, does not have an impact on the deficit. Giving a $300 billion tax break to people who clip coupons on their taxes does cost the Federal Treasury and will increase the deficit, but if we kept the books honestly, money spent out of the unemployment trust fund which has been accumulated over many years for a rainy day would not count as money that is spent and created out of nothing. There is money there to spend. It is just like we could invest in infrastructure by spending down the highway trust fund. We could invest in aviation by spending down the aviation trust fund. We could accelerate a whole bunch of projects across this country and put people back to work, really. I mean, in the phony way we keep books here, it counts as deficit; but in reality it would not be. The American taxpayers would be getting the money back that they paid for the purpose for which it was intended, which is unemployment benefits or investment in bridges, highways, roads and aviation.  