Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. Frost) for yielding me this time, and I rise in opposition to this martial rule, which essentially restricts debate. It does not permit the Democratic economic program to even be debated today.  Why not? What is the opposition afraid of? They have the votes on their side. Why not even allow us to talk about our program?  Here is why. I remember back to that old saying, if you fool me once, shame on you. If you fool me twice, shame on me. But if you fool me thrice, well, my gosh, it is just a sad and deadly shame.  If we think back to 1981, when Vice President Dick Cheney was then a Member of this House and head of the Republican Policy Group, he was involved in the Republican tax program enacted back in 1981. We had the worst job washout in American history. I was elected in 1983. It took us 15 years to balance this budget and to bring employment up, with the election of Bill Clinton and 8 years of economic growth inside this economy. And it was not easy.  When this administration took over, they blew $1.3 billion in the first year and a half. Fifteen years of work flew out the window. Then with their tax bill that they passed back in 2001, what have we gotten in terms of employment? None. We have got the biggest job loss since World War II, over 3 million more jobs lost in this country. We have three people in this economy looking for every single job that is being created, and most of those jobs do not pay a living wage and they do not have health benefits.  So, fool me once, fool me twice, and now we have the third version that they are bringing up. This bill, what will it do? It is going to create more unemployment. It is no different than what was done back in 1981, no different than what was done back in 2001. Strike one, strike two, strike three. They ought to be out.  If we take a look at our country, we might ask ourselves the question: With 150,000 of our men and women, of our troops, now deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq, is it not amazing that what we do here at home under the Republican plan is reward the Wall Street brokers who just stole your 401(k) money? There is not a single American family that has not been affected. So we say to them, take more of our money. Take more of our money. The interesting thing about the Republican bill is that not a dime that is given to them has to be invested in the USA. We are going to have more job washout to China, to Mexico, and every single American community and worker knows what I am talking about.  So the Democratic plan provides a million jobs this year alone. It invests in the United States. It gives families security. It does not borrow against the Social Security trust funds, which is how they are covering their growing deficits, and it enacts responsible economic programs. That is what the Democratic bill does. It creates jobs this year, it does not add a penny to the deficit, and it preserves Social Security and Medicare, our Democratic legacy.  Fool me once, not me. Fool me twice, not me. Fool me thrice? How about you?  