Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I begin by saying nothing is more sacred than our citizens' right to vote. The amendment that I seek to offer this evening would preserve the $3.65 billion in Federal funds that this Congress authorized over the next 3 years under the Help America Vote Act for upgrading election systems across our country. We originally passed this over 2 years ago, and I make this effort to preserve these funds because the Bush administration has not provided the necessary funds as authorized, and it is also 320 days late in appointing the election commission that was supposed to establish the Federal standards and guidelines to prevent fraud and abuse in these new electronic election technologies.  The national election debacle that we witnessed as a country in the year of 2000 simply cannot ever happen again. That is why we passed the Help America Vote Act. Already, $650 million has gone out to the States, but only for the hardware. $3 billion that should be out there in the hands of the States is not there in order to buy the proper equipment, provide the training, register the voters, and really provide a revolution in new technology at the polls.  Importantly, the election commission authorized by the Help America Vote Act has not been appointed. Indeed, the President is 320 days late in sending the nominees to the Senate, to the other body, for approval. That means there are no Federal standards and guidelines to prevent fraud and abuse. And so the States are floundering around out there being besieged by various companies trying to offer machines that they say are the greatest in the world when in fact they really are not.  What this amendment seeks to do is to preserve the funds that we said were necessary and to preserve them over the 3-year period. Unless this amendment is adopted, the funding will expire, which means the States will even be in a worse position than they are today. The President should have had his nominees to the Federal Election Commission appointed February 26 of this year. That has not been done. That means there are no Federal standards or guidelines for election technologies.  In my own State of Ohio, for example, we assembled a computer security team and sent them down to our State House to review the various election technologies. There was not one set of technologies that came back as either excellent or very good in the two most important categories of judgment, first, security of the system, the ability to prevent fraud and abuse in the software; and, secondly, ease of use by the voter. No system qualified. We have to get the money down there to these States and localities. There have to be Federal standards. Right now, less than half of the money that we should have appropriated has been provided in the 2004 bill; and in this year of 2003, the money has not arrived. Less than half the money is there. What are we doing? We are setting ourselves up for another failure. So at least my amendment attempts to preserve the funds that were originally authorized.  Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer) who understands this issue so well.  