Chairman, I would like to thank the fine gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Skelton) for yielding me time, the ranking member on Defense, and also the chairman, my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Hunter), for allowing the inclusion in the en bloc amendment, our Buy America Enhancement Provisions as well as our Technical Assistance Provisions.  Let me just say that these dual amendments direct and require the Department of Defense to consciously at the highest level support the continuation and enhancement of our domestic industrial manufacturing capabilities, particularly those defense industrial companies that are essential to war production and face stiff foreign competition. It specifies that when application of the Buy American Act is inconsistent with the public interest, the Defense Secretary shall not consider the provision of any trade agreement between the U.S. and a foreign country that is in effect at the time of the determination.  We particularly ask the Department of Defense to focus on critical technologies such as industrial molds, special dies and tools, cutting tools and machine tools and accessories. Of course, in the foundry area, attention is needed as well.  The technical assistance provisions and the center that is proposed will also require the Department to reach out to the over 7,000 such firms in our country that comprise our defense industrial base, many of them small and medium sized companies, and connect them directly to the Department of Defense so that contracts and subcontracts have broad application, and small and medium size businesses are included.  The dual amendments thus require both a ``topdown'' and ``bottomup'' approach by the Department to engage this critical sector of U.S. defense manufacturing.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Manzullo) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Velazquez) for their wonderful investigative work on the Committee onSmall Business that has supported strongly the necessarity for these provisions.  