Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  I rise in strong support of this essential bill for military operations, homeland security, and foreign assistance, and I want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Chairman Young) and the ranking member, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), for their hard work, especially on the gentleman from Wisconsin's anniversary of service in this Congress today. After three decades of service, we need that intelligence, especially now in this critical time in world history.  I want to focus my remarks particularly on health care for those who are putting their lives on the line in America's cause as we stand here to provide the resources for them to do that, and that is especially those in our Guard and Reserve. Those in the Guard and Reserve are not tangential to this operation. In many units they comprise over half of these on the ground. I think we have to recognize with the change in our force structure that we have to provide the kind of benefits to these Guard and Reserve forces that they deserve.  In this bill, with the leadership of the gentleman from California (Mr. Lewis) and the ranking member, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Murtha), we have made an improvement in health care coverage for our Guard and Reserve forces. After 30 days of active duty call-up, they are eligible for TRICARE and their families are eligible for that health insurance. So it is an improvement over past situations.  But as we move forward this year, I would hope we would recognize the changes that have occurred in our force structure and provide 365-day-a-year optional health care coverage for members of the Guard and Reserve upon their return home. Because, truly, one-third to one-half of members of the Guard and Reserve have no health insurance. They do not work for companies that provide health insurance. And for those with insurance, the current system is a patchwork. It creates a lot of family turbulence as they are called up to active duty and then they find their insurance plan switching to another, and so forth. And I can tell you when they come home, many of them will fall off their benefits. The Veterans Administration has told us they will only care for those in active duty from the Guard and Reserve for 2 years after they come home, and they will not care for their families.  So we have a situation here that has a lot of inequities. I would just ask the chairman and ask the chairman of the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations and the ranking member, that as strongly as we support this bill and the improvements for family coverage for those in our Guard and Reserve, that when they do return home, that in further bills that will come before us in the appropriations process and in the authorizing bill for the Department of Defense for 2004, that we provide optional TRICARE coverage for those in the Guard and Reserve and their families, 365 days a year. Let us give them that option. I ask my colleagues to support this important measure as essential under current circumstances but far from perfect in times of adequate support for our veterans and our homeland security.  