Holt) for his extraordinary leadership on this very, very important piece of legislation that he has introduced, H.R. 2239, taking his great intelligence and experience as a physicist and wedding it to his legislative experience here in the Congress and trying to help our Nation improve on the voting systems that we have, but to do so in a way that every voter will be confident that when they cast their ballot that their vote is really in there, in that machine.  In fact, I begin with that statement because one of the leading election officials in my own district said to me, Congresswoman, I do not have confidence that in what is being done right now that I can answer to the citizens of this county that their vote will be in there. How do they know it's in there? Give me the confidence that I know it's in there. I said, I am supporting Congressman Holt's bill so that we get an auditable paper trail at every precinct.  I would say that in addition to being a U.S. Representative, which I was elected to rather later in life, the very first office I was ever elected to and still hold is precinct committeewoman in my own home precinct. Ohio is unlike some of the other States in the Union, but we value every vote at the precinct level. We count the votes at the precinct level. Under Ohio law when you cast your vote and there is a paper trail currently in every precinct in our county, over 500 of these precincts, the votes in that precinct are counted right there. They are not taken to another location. Both Democrats and Republicans count these votes together, and there are actual documents that they have to handle, physically handle and then tally and then those votes are both sent to the board of elections in a central location, but also posted on the door outside that precinct. Any voter can go and take that tally at the end of the day. We have a very transparent system, one in which our major parties have confidence. Every tally that is done in the voting logs that are assembled in every precinct, they are added up. Sometimes mistakes are made in the precincts in terms of the tallies but then those are caught at the central board of elections, and we try to really assure that the count is as fair as possible. If it is not, if people have any concern, if there is a one-vote margin in an election, you can go back to the paper trail and you can go back and see what was done in every single precinct in the county.  I wanted to say to the gentleman, I think that this verification is so extraordinarily important. What happened in Florida at the moment could not happen in Ohio because in Florida they move their ballots to a counting station. They do not count in every precinct. Speaking as a Buckeye, speaking as an Ohioan, I do not want our rights taken away from us at the precinct level. I also would, if the gentleman will allow me, wish to place in the Record this evening for every election official in this country, at every county in the country, at every precinct, at every board of election, I have found great confusion as to what the Help America Vote Act actually requires and the Federal Election Commission on its Web site has what is required by the Federal law, every single year.  And indeed it is not until January 1, 2006, that every State and jurisdiction is required to comply with the voting systems requirements of the Help America Vote Act that we passed last year. Some people are under the impression that they have to have everything done by next year. They do not. They can get a waiver that they have to file with the Federal Election Commission this coming January. The secretaries of state of our country should have notified counties of this. But I can tell you, as I go out into my Ohio counties, the local boards of election simply do not know this. There is great concern and there is great consternation. I will place this in the Record.  I would also like to say to the gentleman from New Jersey, in addition to his bill which I hope we can pass expeditiously, I would urge our State legislatures to adopt no-fault absentee voting, that if there is any concern next year at any precinct or a doubt about the integrity of that machine, that voters can have an alternate way of casting a vote in that county through no-fault absentee voting or indeed even paper ballots at the same precincts, so that people have confidence that their vote will be counted.  