Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I thank my colleagues, particularly those along the border, for engaging in this debate today. I would just like to place on the Record information from the Community Adjustment and Investment Program headed in San Antonio, Texas, from NADBank that says Congress has zeroed out future funding for the Community Adjustment and Investment Program. The Bush budget contains no money, no appropriated dollars for the program to help in the nonborder areas of the United States.  I would beg my colleagues who are supporting this, please look beyond just the border and even for the border, recognize who is making the pollution and who should pay for it. But please do not disenfranchise communities across our country that are losing jobs.  I will end with this story. One of the companies that has just left my district in Sandusky, Ohio, Dixon Ticonderoga, one of the workers just committed suicide. The head of that company called me and said, Congresswoman, we're going to leave you a building, an empty hulk. I said, well, sir, all I've got is NADBank. So I called NADBank about 2 weeks ago and I said, they're leaving us an empty hulk. What can we do with a loan or grant program to create something, some type of economic activity inside that building? And the answer was, We have no funds. So we are talking here about only one square on a very large board.  I urge my colleagues to please withdraw this bill today. Let us work together and put language in there that helps all of the United States and all of North America, all of North America that has been so badly harmed by NAFTA, including agricultural adjustment provisions, so that no Mexican worker will die in this country because there is not a labor registration system across this continent that gives them the dignity of a work card where they cannot be bonded and sold by those coyotes all across this continent. There are huge problems that NADBank could be the vehicle to solve. Please vote ``no,'' or withdraw this bill today in order that we bring something back to this Congress that can help us perfect an agreement that is badly flawed.  