Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern) for yielding me this time, and I rise against the rule on this check-cashing bill. And the reason I rise against the rule is because we are not afforded the opportunity in this House to bring up H.R. 2286, the Rangel-DeLauro bill, that would allow us to include all of America's working families in the relief for child tax credits.  Who is left out? Who is left out are people who earn between $10,500 a year and $26,600 a year who have children. The bill that passed last week left them out. The gentleman from Texas is wrong. Democrats did not even know what was in that bill. The ranking member on our sides of the aisle had to find the room the conference committee was being held in. No Democrat read that bill, and we know the Republicans cut a deal.  My Republican colleagues left out working families who live at the bottom of this economy, and they have 19 million children, not a single one of whom are going to get the extra $400 refund, where those checks are going to be cashed out of this government when they are sent out this summer. Not a one. They left out 6 million families, 19 million children.  The Republicans refuse to see them, but we see them. We really believe in not leaving any child behind. But now, Vice President Cheney, what does he get? He gets $93,700. Republicans are leaving 19 million children twisting in the wind, but that is par for the course. One of their favorite sports is golf. They leave a lot of people out there in the sand traps. But the defining difference between Democrats and Republicans is we include everybody. Everybody.  We think some people got too much out of your bill. Vice President Cheney does not need that money. He will just go out and buy another yacht. But who do we see this bill leaves out? The bill leaves out moms who work at McDonald's. They will not get any refund from the child tax credit refund. It leaves out the janitors that clean theWorld Trade Towers who have children. They do not get anything either. And the Republicans' bill leaves out our privates and specialists in the Army, Navy, and Air Force who are at the bottom of the pay scale in our Armed Forces. They will not get the child tax credit refund either.  These folks pay taxes. They not only pay Social Security and Medicare taxes, they pay property taxes, the Federal gas tax, and the cigarette tax. They do not have anybody giving them taxes back. They do not have lobbyists coming in to lobby on their behalf, who are the winners in this bill.  Mr. Speaker, we have a right to include all families. We ought to vote down this rule and demand that the leadership bring up H.R. 2286 to include all of America's children and families.  