Chairman, I say to the chairman of the subcommittee, I hope at some point the reservation can be withdrawn.  I offer this amendment today on behalf of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) and myself in order that both Russia and Ukraine be treated evenhandedly in terms of U.S. foreign policy. Indeed, the underlying bill seriously alters priorities relative to the former Soviet Union and the Newly Independent States. It singles out Russia for special treatment while completely eliminating, indeed, zeroing out Ukraine in the account assistance for the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union.  I ask my colleagues to think about this very important region of the world. It is a little over a decade since independence became possible for all the states of the former Soviet Union. Many challenges lie before us in persevering with the peoples of these nations to complete their transition to open societies. And thus, the underlying bill is flawed and surprising in that it shows a deep preference, indeed, a prejudice towards Russia over Ukraine; and I would argue that this does not serve U.S. interests geopolitically for the long term. Indeed, it creates the impression that the United States is picking favorites, and that really we should be adopting a policy that has equanimity, balance, impartiality and even-handedness.  As this chart clearly demonstrates, since the 1990s we have tried to be balanced in the assistance that we have given to U.S. organizations working in both nations. For example, in the year of 2002 we provided to U.S. organizations helping the transition about $154 million in Ukraine and approximately$159 million in Russia. We have tried in both nations to give about a hundred to $200 million to U.S. groups aiding that transition.  This year, however, the administration has asked us for $94 million for Ukraine and $73 million for Russia. But this bill, the underlying bill provides $90 million for Russia, more than the administration requested by almost $20 million, and zeros out Ukraine.  I would have to say that we know that there are problems in both countries. We know that they are not part of Europe, yet they are both trying to accede to Europe and the United States, especially in this region, has to be very careful about signaling that it has preference of one country over another.  Let me remind my colleagues also that Ukraine has supported the United States in the war on Iraq and also Afghanistan. It permitted us to use air space and it has already deployed a nuclear, biological and chemical battalion to Kuwait and it has started relocating 1,800 troops to Iraq, thus contributing one of the four largest stabilization forces to the coalition. These deployments will cost Ukraine about $2.5 million per month.  In addition, let me remind my colleagues Ukraine also stopped its intended sale of turbines to Iran several years ago, causing severe unemployment in one of its largest cities in the eastern half of the country in Kharkiv.  Now, though Ukraine has miles to go in democratic transition as does Russia, to argue that Russia is more deserving or further ahead somehow in the transition has severe underlying problems. And both nations are still dealing with corruption, with election fraud, with problems of rule of law, but to say that one is better than the other and therefore deserves so much more support I believe to be foolish. Both nations have severe internal difficulties, but for this bill to favor one over the other creates further imbalance in a region that can only be made healthy by the transition of all those countries to full democratic status.  So I would just plead with my colleagues in the majority as well as on my side of the aisle to support the Kaptur-Weldon amendment and provide $94 million in assistance as the administration has requested to Ukraine while still maintaining the bill's level of support to Russia at the level of $90 million. Please treat them even-handedly. It really is in America's strategic interest.  