Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  I also want to express my deep appreciation from the Democratic side of the aisle for the over two decades of professional and honest service that Hank Moore has devoted to the people of this country. I thank him for his professionalism and courtesy throughout, and wish him well in the months and years ahead. The Committee on Appropriations will always be his home, and we hope he returns to see us.  I also dedicate my remarks today to Mr. Joe Skeen, who passed this past weekend in New Mexico, and to his wife, Mary, and family. It was a joy to work with him. He was a man who did not lead by partisanship, but by a deep concern for our country. Our Nation and its people are better for the years he devoted here. His perseverance, honesty and intelligence have made their mark. He and his good sense of humor will never be forgotten.  Mr. Speaker, as the ranking member of the subcommittee, I would like to discuss some issues regarding this conference report. In working with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Bonilla), it was not easy to make some of the decisions we were faced with. But first and foremost, I would like to focus on the fact that so many of the decisions, unfortunately because of the time constraints, that relate to Agriculture and the Food & Drug Administration happened behind closed doors and without full sunlight. Therefore, it makes it very difficult to support this bill in its entirety.  In terms of the funding levels, the Agriculture division of this bill is $62 million lower than both the House and Senate bills. It is almost $1 billion below last year's bill, a reduction of almost 5 percent, even though mandatory programs, which do not have the control of this committee exerted upon them, have increased by 12 percent.  On conservation, such an important issue, as we increase in population and as resources become more dear, we find the conference report cuts $70 million more from Farm Bill conservation programs for a total reduction of over $490 million.  Finally, I want to focus on rural housing, also reduced, and I am deeply concerned that our prescription drug title to permit the importation of prescription drugs that are safe into our country was also dropped, even though we asked that it be included, and the House so voted.  I wanted to end by saying that behind closed doors, just a few weeks ago, the country of origin labeling provisions were eliminated from this bill, 2 years past their scheduled implementation date, not just for meat, but produce was added. I would like the American people to know, if we look at the over 600 people who just got sick in Pittsburgh at Chi-Chi's restaurants, one of the ways we get at that problem is by tough country of origin labeling on produce as well as on meat. Behind closed doors, our attempt to do that was absolutely subverted. It is with great disappointment that I come to the floor today and say this bill could have been a lot better than what is before Congress today.  