Speaker, the gentleman raised such good points on that, and I would just show another drug that some seniors buy is Prozac, which is used for depression. The U.S. retail price on that is about $302.97. It is a very expensive drug. In our country today with the Veterans Department and the DOD, Department of Defense, negotiating, we can get that down to $186.98. And so we can look at the drug saving.  Here is another one, Prilosec, which is used for heartburn, which sells at about $134.99. With negotiation by the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense, we have gotten that down to $63.32. Some of these prices are half. So when we look at what we are paying in the private sector, let us say, where they do not have negotiated pricing, if we apply that to what would be spent under the Medicare Part D that the Democrats have proposed, we would save literally billions and billions of dollars.  And I wanted to say to the gentleman that I intend to place in the record tonight the names of these pharmaceutical companies and how much money they contributed to political campaigns back in 2002 so that people who are listening can take it right from the Congressional Record tonight. The source is the Center for Responsive Politics. And we will also place in the Record which political parties they gave money to. And one can go down the list, and, without question, the vast majority of money from the pharmaceutical giants that the gentleman from Washington (Mr. McDermott) talked about this evening who make 50 percent of the profits of the Fortune 500, that is incredible. Was it Will Rogers who said we are getting the Government they are paying for? And they have paid for plenty here, and they are weighing in heavily. Frankly, I have seen some of our colleagues defeated around the country because of the ads, the hundreds of thousands of dollars of ads that they put on the air. And that is why we cannot get a really good prescription drug bill out of this Congress because they got what they paid for, and they protected themselves from negotiated pricing in this bill.  Who would imagine that a bill on prescription drugs would prohibit the Government of the United States from trying to get the best price through group buying?  