Speaker, I would just like to thank my very able colleagues, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), who led this fight in the committee, and also the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown), who has helped turn this into a major national issue, finally, as it should be. The sad fact is that here in the House the bill that is going to be produced is, I suppose you could say is a mouse. It will not be a lion that roars for all Americans seniors.  If you earn $8,000 a year on Social Security, the Republican plan will cause you to pay whatever is left over after $2,000 of expenses up to the level of, I think it is over $3,500. You are not covered. Where are you going to get that kind of money if you only earn $8,000 a year on Social Security?  The amendment I am waiting here to offer, it is now 11 p.m. at night here in Washington, would require the executive branch to negotiate price across the government for Medicare part D, in the same way as we negotiate for the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense. They call it the FSS negotiated price. And I will just go through a couple of these drugs here, but the main point is that the Republican radical right bill forbids negotiated pricing in Medicare. It actually, in title VIII of the bill, forbids negotiated pricing, which we already do in the VA, in the Department of Veterans Affairs.  Let us go through a couple of the costs. If you look at a drug like K-Dur 20, which helps if you have low potassium levels, U.S. retail price for that is $55.99, the Canadian price is $29, and the price that is negotiated through the Department of Veterans Affairs is $25.58. A negotiated price, because you have group buying, reduces the cost to all.  To send an individual senior out there in their own little canoe in a very big ocean, they have very little consumer power. Only with group buying, as we do through the Department of Veterans Affairs, do you really get the same kind of prices that the Canadians have. Group buying. Yet the Republican bill denies that negotiated price.  Another drug. If you look at Prozac, for depression, U.S. retail price over $300. The VA negotiated price $186.98. It is obvious. It is obvious, is it not, that a negotiated pricing is what should be embedded in the bill? But it is not in there. In fact, it is forbidden.  If we really want to understand why, and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone) have really become experts at identifying what is going on around this Capitol, we should take a look at the contributions of the major pharmaceutical companies. Take a look at a company like Bristol-Myers Squibb, who gave over a $1.5 million in the year 2002 for lobbying Members of Congress. Eighty-three percent of those funds went to the Republican side of the aisle. Millions and millions of dollars from companies that make billions by overpricing the American consumer. It is very clear that they have at least six lobbyists here for every one of us.  So here we stand at a few minutes to midnight waiting for the Republicans to produce a bill. Nobody knows where they are. The doors are closed. Such an important bill that will serve our people, hopefully serve our people, for generations to come. We cannot even find the bill. What are they doing? Where are they?  I would say to the majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DeLay), this is no way to run the country. You should have had this bill on the floor 2 weeks ago. We should have gone through every line so every Member here would understand what is in it. But rather than that, you are having your fund-raisers. And, in fact, Pfizer Company just contributed $200,000. That was the price of one of the big seats at the roundtable dinner President Bush just had, and they were able to contribute. You think there is no connection? We were not born yesterday, were we?  So we have a bill that forbids negotiated pricing, even though we know that is one of the few protections we can offer seniors. The Democratic bill provides a real defined benefit. Every senior qualifies. It has a $25 premium per month. It does not force you to pay those high costs, over $2,000. It has negotiated pricing. It is for everyone. And it lets you keep your doctor. It lets you have negotiated pricing, and it does not make you go into an HMO, a Medicare HMO, which have all failed in most places in the country. And that is what the Republican bill does, it tries to privatize that and put you out of the overall Medicare system.  So I just want to thank my colleagues for being here tonight and allowing me to share in this special order, and thank you both for your royal, royal fight to in order to get fair and affordable prescription drug coverage for all of our seniors.  