Imagine, a bill that will affect over 40 million people. But not until 2006 they tell us, which is very interesting, and we do not even get a chance to read the bill before we vote on it. Last night, I was one of those people that managed to stay in the Committee on Rules until 5 a.m. this morning trying to amend this bill. I thought: ``What a punitive process.'' Yet this is how they are treating the American people, too. It will be harder on them than it was obviously on us staying up all night on this measure that is so vastly important to grandmothers, grandfathers, to older citizens across this country.  They want to privatize Medicare. They want to take this prescription drug benefit and put our seniors into Medicare HMOs. Try to find one that still exists in your area. And they denied me the opportunity to offer my amendment to permit the Secretary of Health and Human Services to have negotiated prices for prescription drugs. Everybody knows bulk buying gets one a better price. They denied me that ability, and not only that but in the base bill in section 8-1800 they forbid the Secretary of Health and Human Services to have negotiated prices to get people the best price for prescription drugs, moreover, in their bill, if aperson's drugs cost over $2,000 a year, well, it's just too bad. Seniors will have to pay between $2,000 and $4,000 for what they cannot afford. How many seniors earning $8,000 a year on Social Security can afford that?  What is the matter with you people? What is the matter with you?  And then they try to limit the amount of time for debate on the floor here. Let's look at negotiated prices on this accompanying chart, which I am trying to get in this bill, take this medicine for high blood pressure, for example, in Canada that costs about $152. In our country it costs about $182 if one goes to the regular drugstore. And if one has a negotiated price like the Department of Veterans Affairs has, you can get it for $102. The consumer saves all that money.  All my amendment tries to do is to use what the Department of Veterans Affairs does to have bulk buying, to have negotiated prices, and apply it to this program so we use the power of the people, the consumer power of the people, to get them the best price for prescription drugs. They will not allow my amendment on this floor today.  I should at least have the right to offer my amendment. You can vote no on it, but you have no right to do this to the senior citizens of our country. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this rule.  