Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Latham) for moving this bill along. I know there are other Members who may be on their way to the floor right now, andwe wanted to allow a little time for that. But meanwhile, I wanted to say a word about the overall bill and again to express my deep disappointment that the overall level of this discretionary bill is about 5 percent below last year's appropriated levels.  I come from a part of the country where we have experienced quite a bit of flooding. We know that later this year we are going to have some additional requests for disaster assistance. With the limited amount of funding in this bill and the cuts across various accounts, it is going to make it very difficult, barring a supplemental of some sort, to meet all of the requirements that are necessary.  As we look toward Members asking us how good is this bill, I guess the bottom line on this bill is that it is not nearly good enough in view of the challenges that are facing agriculture today.  We appreciate all of the Members who have come down here today to offer amendments. I think that every single one that was passed and awaits votes this afternoon has improved the bill. Those that deal with downed animals, those that deal with the Office of Civil Rights, those that deal with our historically black colleges and Tuskegee Institute, those that deal with improving the U.S. Department of Agriculture's attention to biofuels production, all of these are improvements.  We were very pleased to see the gentlewoman from Guam (Mr. Bordallo) come to the floor to talk about the insular territories and their very, very significant dependence on agriculture, and over time the actual ignorance by our government toward these critical areas to our country.  If I might just say an additional word on the energy title, one of the reasons we were so concerned about the U.S. Department of Agriculture's inattention to new fuels production is that there is not a corner of rural America where this is not uppermost in people's minds. Whether it is biodiesel, whether it is ethanol, farmers can see the future. Many of them are inventing it. Without question, rural America holds at least a minimum of 20 percent of the potential to displace our overreliance on imported petroleum.  The budget, however, that the administration presented to us was severely underfunded. Not only was the Department of Agriculture not encouraged to move into the 21st century in energy production, but, in fact, the Department of Energy's accounts that deal with energy production and renewable energies were reduced 28 percent in the area of biomass, for example. Members should imagine a future where our capability in producing soy diesel and ethanol is enhanced by the Government of the United States assisting our farmers to bring new energy products online. These can actually produce real value-added and real income to the farm families of our country in the form of new fuels. We could do nothing more important in the first half of this century, in my opinion in the first decade of this century, than helping to convert from the hydrocarbon age to the carbohydrate age.  Today, over 3 million vehicles on our roads already use E-85, ethanol, made of 85 percent ethanol. Every one of these vehicles is made by our manufacturers. The problem is if you buy a vehicle and you take it to the service station, drivers cannot get the fuel in every State and in every location. You can get it in Iowa. You can get it in Minnesota. Try to get it in Ohio.  The real question is how do we move this industry forward when we know our farmers would rather produce to the market rather than produce to the mailboxes with subsidy payments. I am enjoying this opportunity to have the chairman of the authorizing committee sitting listening to this because I look for a great partnership between the Committee on Appropriations and the authorizing committee in the area of new fuels.  It has been a real disappointment to watch the lethargy at the Department of Agriculture when energy futurists can see the potential in every account. Take a look at research. We have not even invented the plants yet that can give us the most Btus per ton. We are using existing technology to produce the fuels that we are processing today. But just in the research accounts, we are behind the times in getting the plants that would give us the most convertible sugars, the most Btus per ton.  Take a look at how processing facilities are being built across the country, by farmers in places like the State of Minnesota. The State of Minnesota is such a leader; I believe she had the first ethanol plant in America. If we are going to have a national project for biofuels production, we should call it the Minnesota Project because they absolutely were first. Although when I was down in Iowa talking to farmers, they said yes, but Iowa farmers working in Minnesota actually accomplished it!  My point is that some parts of America have seen the future. Farmers are using our waste products from the field, for example, and blending them rather than putting them in landfills or burning them heedlessly produces a Btu stream that we can process and then convert.  I think that the record shows by January 2002, last year, there were well over 100 major fleets in our country that had implemented biodiesel programs, and the leading Federal agency for converting vehicles is not the Department of Agriculture. It is the U.S. Postal Service. I believe they have over 12,000 vehicles that use clean-burning fuels.  We look at the U.S. Air Force, Army, U.S. Department of Energy, NASA, State fleets in States like my own, Ohio, Iowa, Virginia, Missouri, Delaware and New Jersey, city buses in places like the Cincinnati metropolitan area and the bi-state area of St. Louis, and major public utility fleets such as Commonwealth Edison, Florida Power & Light, Duke Energy, Alabama Power and others.  The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) has expired.  (By unanimous consent, Ms. Kaptur was allowed to proceed for 5 additional minutes.)  