Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. Bordallo) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Renzi) for allocating time so that I might speak on behalf of H.R. 289, which would expand the boundaries, as they have said, of two national wildlife refuges along the north coast, the Ottawa National Wildlife Refuge in Ohio and the Lower Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge in Michigan. Obviously, we are one of the few American flyways that remain.  The bill that is before us today is identical to a measure that passed by unanimous consent here on the House floor late in the 107th Congress. But because of inaction by the other body it was unable to be sent to the President for signature. I would like to thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Gilchrest) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), chairman and ranking member of the Fisheries Subcommittee, for their assistance, and also chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Resources, the gentleman from California (Mr. Pombo) and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Rahall), for their efforts as well. We deeply appreciate the support they have given on a bipartisan basis throughout.  This bill is modeled on the legislation of the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell) to create the Lower Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge. Obviously, our region is right next to Canada, and it builds on the remarkable success of that effort. Let me emphasize that this bill facilitates only voluntary actions. Voluntary cooperation is the byword. Our bill explicitly prohibits any forced takings. It does not force any private landowner or the Federal Government to do anything that both parties are not willing to do. What it does do is create a mechanism and a boundary, again drawing upon the success of the Lower Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge, to foster cooperation and teamwork to promote conservation and the national wildlife refuge system.  The bill facilitates a process by which our U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service can either purchase land or accept donations of land and conservation easements from willing parties, corporations, nonprofit organizations and individuals. That is well under way in the lower Detroit as I speak. In fact, Mr. Speaker, the Ottawa National Wildlife Refuge, which is a part of this, was created in 1961 originally when local conservation and hunting clubs donated pristine Lake Erie marshland to the Federal Government and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The bill enjoys broad and deep support in northern Ohio along the north coast from conservation groups, wildlife groups, and as the gentleman from Arizona mentioned Ducks Unlimited, and local governments. It is supported by the State of Ohio and the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.  Mr. Speaker, this year we are celebrating as a Nation the 100th anniversary of the national wildlife refuge system that was created by the vision of President Theodore Roosevelt. During this centennial year, obviously the north coast is very grateful to be included. H.R. 289 will help us raise the profile of the Ottawa National Wildlife Refuge, the Lake Erie marshlands and also the Lake Erie islands so that more Americans and people from throughout the world can enjoy their natural splendor.  The refuge now attracts over 130,000 visitors a year, hunters, fishermen, photographers, birders, hikers, artists and schoolchildren. We expect that number to increase dramatically. I might say as a result of our recognition of our dependence on our natural system, when we first began work in this region of our country, we had buttwo or three nesting pairs of eagles that were left in our region of the country. That is now up over 84 nesting pairs of eagles. We expect those numbers to increase in ensuing years as well.  We see the natural wonders of the Lake Erie marshlands as an economic boon to our north coast region through ecotourism, which is expanding. We want families to enjoy the roller coasters at Cedar Point in Sandusky and then drive a few miles west to see the bald eagles at the Ottawa National Wildlife Refuge. We want tourists to enjoy some of the greatest fishing on Earth. I would like to say that I represent the bathtub of the Great Lakes. We have more fish and more swimmers than any other part of the region, or anyplace in the world, in the central and western basins of Lake Erie and also some of the greatest bird watching in the world as well.  H.R. 289 will help us build on this momentum, not only for Ottawa but also for the Lower Detroit International Wildlife Refuge. I want to personally express my deep gratitude to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Dingell), seniority number one here in the House, for his leadership for our entire region.  Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 289.  