 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the proposal for $87 billion and in support of the Obey substitute. $87 billion translates into 1,720,000 jobs in this country. That is how big $87 billion is. This administration was unwilling to spend a few billion in our country this year to create jobs in America as unemployment--ticks up. Yet they are willing to spend $87 billion and add that to our deficit. This year this administration will have the largest deficit in modern history. This proposal is fiscally irresponsible. $87 billion is as much as we spend on all our foreign aid, plus $68 billion. It is more than we spend on all the countries of the world rolled together. It is as much as we spend in one year on our entire budget for housing, for veterans, for NASA, for transportation, for environment, all rolled into one. This is a lot of money. In fact, it is as much money as our States were in deficit earlier this year before they had to raise taxes, sales taxes, excise taxes to cut services.  This morning the Detroit News reports, Michigan has to cut $900 million from its State budget. They do not have the money. My own newspaper this morning, Lucas County, my home county, $10 million in deficit for this year. They are cutting services for first responders. And where are we from this administration to help us at the local level? And the Cleveland paper over the weekend, what does $87 billion mean? It means that the Mayor of Cleveland needs over $2 billion just to take care of the homeless in Cleveland, and she does not have the money to do it.  Mr. Chairman, this is a lot of money, and it averages $3,000 for each Iraqi citizen. Maybe we would be wiser just to give them the money. Three thousand dollars per citizen. I have in my hand here a picture of our soldiers handing out $20 bills in Iraq. I have never seen anything like this. Are we creating a modern version of the welfare state over in the Middle East? Pallets of $100 bills being sent over to Iraq, what is that all about?  Secretary Rumsfeld said, ``I don't know that there is much reconstruction to do.'' Why, then, is this the second time the administration has asked Congress for money to support this war? The administration cannot even agree on who is supposed to take the lead in Iraq. We were told it was Secretary Rumsfeld; then it switched to Mr. Bremer; and then General Abizaid and now Condoleezza Rice. It seems to me they are making it up as it goes along and attacks are increasing every day inside Iraq.  We need global allies to stabilize the situation. The administration continues to go it alone. Relations with our NATO allies have never been worse. The road map for peace in Israel and the Palestinian Authority has utterly broken down and the madrassas in Pakistan continue to churn out hate-filled youth every day.  I intend to vote ``no'' on this bill. It is not paid for. The administration has to develop a plan that stands a chance of succeeding by engaging both the Arab world and our allies. We need a plan before us that is fiscally responsible and diplomatically hopeful.  