Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I wanted to say that I think the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer) has a very worthy amendment here. I was particularly struck by one of his arguments: the linkage between crime and the mistreatment of animals and the increasing spread of Exotic Newcastle Disease across our country which, by the way, also has a cost. It comes to us in the form of trying to remediate and to make whole those whose flocks have been devastated. I do not think that it is widely known that, as the gentleman mentioned, some of the animals might have come in from another country. We know how poorly our borders are inspected.  So I want to commend the gentleman for taking the offset for his amendment from the buildings accounts, as opposed to from our research accounts or our animal plant health inspection accounts, or our border inspections, et cetera. I think that the matter is that the people who are doing this are doing it illegally; and now there is a linkage to the spread of disease, serious disease.  I think that the gentleman's amendment is very reasonable. He is asking for $800,000 for the Office of the Inspector General who, when they are given the authority, do a great job, to try to remedy this animal fighting across our country and, I think importantly, to stem any disease that may spread as a result of it.  So I just wanted the speak on behalf of the gentleman's amendment and to thank him for the responsible manner in which he has found an offset to try to find the funds for the Inspector General.  I might say, one of the bad things about the way the laws concerning the Inspector General have been written, even if wrongdoers are found and fines are levied, under the laws of our country the Inspector General has to return those funds to the Department of Treasury. It does not go to the Department of Agriculture for further prosecution and further investigation. I have never liked that aspect of the law, because I think we ought to reward the Inspectors General that are doing a good job in apprehending wrongdoers across this country.  So I want to thank the gentleman for his very appropriate amendment here, and I urge my colleagues for their support.  