 President, Neil Gorsuch is eminently qualified to serve on the Supreme Court. He was confirmed by the Senate to his Federal judgeship with no Democratic opposition at all--none. He participated there in more than 2,700 cases, writing in the majority 99 percent of the time and enjoying unanimous support 97 percent of the time.  He received the highest possible rating from a group the Democratic leader called the ``gold standard'' for evaluating judicial nominations--the American Bar Association. He has earned high praise from across the political spectrum, with Democrats and Republicans alike attesting to his qualifications, his fairness, and his impartiality. He also enjoys the support of a bipartisan majority of the Senate. Yet the Democratic leadership is now determined to block his confirmation with the first successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history. They proved that in yesterday's procedural vote.  Judge Neil Gorsuch is one of the most impressive nominees we have ever seen. If a widely appraised nominee like this can't get past a Democratic filibuster, then no nominee of a Republican President can. Democrats would filibuster Ruth Bader Ginsburg if President Trump nominated her. We all know why. The Democrats are bowing to hard-left special interests who can't get over the results of the election and thus are demanding complete Democratic opposition to everything--everything this President touches. As the Washington Post just reported, the Democratic leader ``seemed ready to endorse every argument activists made.''  It seems some Democrats made up their minds long ago to oppose whomever this President nominated. The Democratic leader himself indicated as much before Judge Gorsuch was even selected. He even mused on a liberal talk show about holding the seat open indefinitely. So it doesn't really matter whom this President nominates; a Democratic minority is determined to successfully launch an unprecedented partisan filibuster regardless. Perhaps that is why Democrats still have yet to put forward a cogent rationale to oppose him--not that that would be easy, you understand.  As a longtime Democratic board member of the left-leaning American Constitution Society put it, ``The Senate should confirm [Judge Gorsuch] because there is no principled reason to vote no.''  Well, if there is no principled reason to vote no on this nomination, then there is certainly no principled reason to prevent the Senate from taking a vote on it at all. But that is just what a partisan Democratic minority of the Senate is threatening to do--for the first time in the nearly 230-year history of the Senate.  Let me remind colleagues of something I said yesterday. When President Clinton nominated Justice Ginsburg, I voted to confirm her. When President Clinton nominated Justice Breyer, I voted to confirm him. When President Obama nominated Justice Sotomayor and Justice Kagan, I led my party inworking to ensure that they received an up-or-down vote--in other words, not a filibuster. I knew I would often disagree with their opinions on the Court, and I certainly wasn't wrong about that, but I thought it was the right thing to do.  I understand that our Democratic colleagues are currently under a great deal of pressure from special interests on the far left. I think everyone in elected office can empathize with this situation they are experiencing. Listening to these hard-left special interests may seem like the politically expedient thing for Democrats to do for their party today, but I would ask them to make their decision based on what they know is right for the country tomorrow.  There is still time for them to make the right choice. There is still time for them to support a nominee who even longtime Democrats have praised--or, at the very least, to not block him with the first successful partisan filibuster in American history.  So I hope Democrats reevaluate their position before the important vote we will take tomorrow. I hope they will consider what their actions would mean for future Supreme Court confirmations. I hope they will consider what their actions could mean for the future of this body more broadly, too, because, as we all know, the American people will be watching. History will record the decision Democrats make, and there is simply no principled reason to oppose this exceptional Supreme Court nominee.  