 President, President Trump's outstanding Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch has earned high praise from all across the political spectrum.  Some of it has come from unlikely corners, whether Democratic Senators, left-leaning publications, President Obama's own legal mentor, even his former top Supreme Court lawyer. We have heard from those Gorsuch has taught. We have heard from many who have worked alongside him. In fact, just a few days ago we received a letter from several of his former law colleagues. So let me share some of that with you now. The letter began:       We are Democrats, Independents, and Republicans.       Many of us have served in government, some during      Republican and some during Democratic administrations; some      of us have served in both. We have clerked for Supreme Court      justices and appellate and district court judges appointed by      Democratic and Republican presidents. We represent a broad      spectrum of views on politics, judicial philosophy, and many      other subjects as well. But we all agree on one thing: Our      former colleague, Neil M. Gorsuch . . . is superbly qualified      for confirmation.       He is a man of character, decency, and accomplishment, [one      who represented all of his clients] without regard to      ideology [and one] who merits this appointment.  Clearly, it is not going to be easy to paint Judge Gorsuch as anything but extremely qualified and exceptionally fair, but that hasn't stopped some on the left from trying. They started musing about blocking any nominee before the President had even nominated anyone. It is a good reminder that much of the opposition we are seeing from far left groups and Democratic Senators isn't so much about Judge Gorsuch as it is about their dissatisfaction with the outcome of the election.  As a Washington Post headline recently declared, ``Democrats' goal with court nomination: Make it a referendum on Trump.''  ``[P]rominent Senate Democrats,'' the article read, are ``giving the nominee's 10-plus years on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit almost secondary consideration.'' It seems they believe their best, and perhaps only, bet to bring down this highly qualified judge is by ``inject[ing] Trump into the process.''  The very next day, the New York Times ran an article about Democrats' apparent hope that this Supreme Court fight will be ``More About Trump Than Gorsuch.'' In other words, our Democratic colleagues are finding it hard to oppose Judge Gorsuch on the merits, so they are trying to divert attention and invent new hurdles for him to surmount. That is the playbook. Sure enough, we see them running the play.  Consider the assistant Democratic leader's speech the other day. It was supposedly about Judge Gorsuch. He sure had a lot to say about President Trump, about things President Trump has done, about things PresidentTrump might do, about refighting old battles but precious little about the qualifications of the actual nominee before us, and precious little about the increasing number of accolades he has been receiving, especially from well-known folks on the political left. I mentioned several a moment ago.  Now we can add another to the list: Alan Dershowitz, the famous constitutional scholar and longtime Harvard law professor. Dershowitz described Gorsuch as ``highly credentialed and hard to oppose'' and dismissed the idea that he would be caricatured as some sort of ``extreme right-wing [ideologue].'' ``[T]hat doesn't seem to fit what I know about him,'' Dershowitz said, adding that Gorsuch will ``be hard to oppose on the merits.'' Indeed, he will.  That is precisely why our Democratic colleagues are making the debate on his nomination about other things and other people. That is also why they are arguing that there are special hurdles for Judge Gorsuch to clear--hurdles they are forced to admit were not there for the first-term nominees of Democratic Presidents.  When even a leftwinger like Rachel Maddow can't help but admit that Judge Gorsuch is ``a relatively mainstream choice,'' when even Maddow characterizes a Democratic attempt to filibuster his nomination as ``radical,'' it is hard to argue otherwise. That will not stop many on the far left from trying.  I invite Democrats, who spent many months insisting ``we need nine,'' to now follow through on that advice by giving this superbly qualified nominee fair consideration and an up-or-down vote. It is time to finally accept the results of the election and move on so we can all move our country forward.  That would also apply to other nominations before the Senate. Just before the election, the Democratic leader said he believed the Senate has a ``moral obligation, even beyond the economy and politics, to avoid gridlock.'' Put simply, he said: ``We have to get things done.'' Yet just a few months later, Democratic obstruction has reached such extreme levels that the smallest number of Cabinet officials have been confirmed in modern history at this point in a Presidency. It is a historic break in tradition, a departure from how newly elected Presidents of both parties have been treated in decades past.  In fact, by this same point into their terms, other recent Presidents from both sides of the aisle had more than twice as many Cabinet officials confirmed as President Trump does now. President Obama had 12 Cabinet officials confirmed at this point in his term, President George W. Bush had all 14 Cabinet nominees confirmed at this point, President Clinton had 13, and President Trump has a mere 4.  It seems this gridlock and opposition has far less to do with the nominees actually before us than the man who nominated them, just like we are seeing with President Trump's outstanding Supreme Court pick. The Democratic leader and his colleagues are under a great deal of pressure from those on the left who simply cannot--cannot--accept the results of a democratic election. They are calling for Democrats to delay and punt and blockade the serious work of the Senate at any cost. They would like nothing more than for Democrats to continue to resist and prevent this President from moving our country forward.  Unfortunately, many of our friends across the aisle have given in to these groups' calls for obstruction, and some have even gone to unprecedented lengths to delay for delay's sake. They have forced meaningless procedural hurdles, they have stalled confirmation votes as long as possible, they have postponed hearings, and they have even boycotted committee meetings altogether. Their excuses are ever-changing, and some border on the absurd. ``We don't like the seating arrangement,'' they say. ``We can't be late to a protest,'' they argue. There was even some excuse about a YouTube video.  Look, enough is enough. The American people elected a new President last November. Democrats don't have to like that decision, but they do have a responsibility to our country. The American people want us to bring the Nation together and move forward. It is far past time to put the election behind us and put this President's Cabinet into place, just as previous Senates have done for previous newly elected Presidents of both parties.  Mr. President, now I wish to say a few words about one nominee whom we will be voting on tomorrow. The nominee for Education Secretary, Betsy DeVos, is a well-qualified candidate who has earned the support of 20 Governors and several education groups from across the Nation. As Education Secretary, she will be our students' foremost advocate, working to improve our education system so that every child has a brighter future.  Importantly, she also understands that our teachers, students, parents, school boards, and local and State governments are best suited to make education decisions--not Washington bureaucrats. I have every confidence that Mrs. DeVos will lead the Department of Education in such a way that will put our students' interests first, while also strengthening the educational opportunities available to all of America's children.  I urge colleagues to join in confirming Betsy Devos so that she can begin the very important work before her without further delay.  