 President, this is one of those days I never look forward to. In my time in the Senate, I have had a lot of outstanding chiefs of staff. It is a pretty impressive group of men and women who have been in that position with me over the years--none more impressive than the person who, unfortunately, I have to say goodbye to today.  I am here today to pay tribute to Brian McGuire, the chief of staff in my personal office, who is going to be leaving after well over 10 years of service in several different capacities but over the last few years as my personal office chief of staff. He is really a uniquely gifted person. He is one of the most skilled writers I have ever encountered and, in fact, in my career, the most skilled writer I ever encountered. But in addition to that, he is good at a whole lot of other things, too, as I will subsequently describe in my remarks.  As I think back about the chiefs of staff I have fortunately been lucky enough to have, none has been better at so many different things than Brian McGuire. I always hate to see these talented people go, but we know the best way for each of us to operate is to do what is in our own best interests. Of course, he has reached the point where he has a big family. There are more lucrative alternatives out there--maybe not as much fun and not as meaningful as daily life around here but important to making sure our families are taken care of.  It is hard to know really where to begin with Brian. He came to my office in 2007. It was a critical time. I had just been elected Senate Republican leader. We were not in the majority, but I had just been elected to this position. There was a lot of pressure to get things right.  Obviously, I was setting up a new staff in the leadership office. I wanted the best I could find. When we set out to hire a speechwriter, I certainly wasn't envisioning an upstate New Yorker with a master's in philosophy and a resume that included stints at HUD and the Schenectady Daily Gazette. From HUD to the Schenectady Daily Gazette and a guy from Albany, NY--not exactly what I had envisioned, but that was Brian McGuire, and he quickly proved himself in that role. That wouldn't surprise anyone who knows Brian. He is, as I said earlier, a skilled writer. He is bright. He is talented. He is guided by faith and his family. He is also the consummate professional, going above and beyond each and every time, no matter what the challenge, and we have plenty of them. As the years went by, there would be many different challenging situations--communications challenges, policy challenges, political challenges--but whatever the issue, Brian always rose to the moment.  After the 2014 election, when I became majority leader, I asked Brian to leave speechwriting behind and become the chief of staff in my personal office. He agreed, fortunately. He took to his new opportunity to serve the people of Kentucky with similar skill and always good humor.  These days, you would be forgiven for thinking Brian had spent his formative years in Albany, KY, rather than Albany, NY. He is an adaptable guy. He led my office in pressing the Commonwealth's priorities on issues as diverse as industrial hemp, clean coal technology, and the fight against heroin and opioid abuse. So we can see the versatility, from a skilled writer from New York, of all places, to an effective advocate for Kentucky and Kentucky's interests.  Brian will be ably succeeded by another impressive individual, Phil Maxson, a Kentucky native who I know will continue Brian's legacy of service to Kentucky and who will serve with similar distinction.  Brian McGuire probably never imagined he would find himself here. Like me, he grew up dreaming of a career in the Major Leagues. As he put it, though, you can either hit the fastball or you can't. And since neither of us could, we ended up here. But Brian is more than just another power hitter; he, like his idol growing up, the Mets' Keith Hernandez, is an all-star. Brian is an indispensable utility player who can play every position, and I am not sure what I would have done without him. He is also one of the most interesting guys you will meet. Brian has a great sense of humor and a rather infamous reputation for spot-on impressions. He is probably the only one around here who holds Keith Hernandez and Aristotle in similar reverence and can reference each with similar ease.  At his core, though, Brian is incredibly grounded. He is all about the things that really matter--his Catholic faith, his two beautiful children, Stella and Max, and his wonderful wife Ashley. Ashley, I am happy to say, is due with their third child next month--just in time for Mother's Day. So Brian has a lot to look forward to as he climbs the next mountain. I hope he takes some time to look back and reflect on all he has accomplished here in his time with us.  Let me say again that Brian McGuire, on so many different occasions, has made me look so much better than I am. I could never thank him enough for the enormous contribution he made not only to my career but to Kentucky and to the Nation. So it won't surprise my colleagues to know I am going to miss Brian McGuire a lot.  