 President, yesterday, Senate Republicans gathered down at the White House for another discussion on the way forward on healthcare. We had a productive conversation. I appreciate the administration's engagement, and I look forward to more discussions in the days that lie ahead.  We will continue working so that we can bring legislation to the floor for debate and, ultimately, a vote. We know that we cannot afford to delay on this issue. We have to get this done for the American people. That is a sentiment that is widely shared in our conference, and I think I speak for everyone in acknowledging, once again, that the ObamaCare status quo is unacceptable and that it simply cannot continue.  ObamaCare has caused premiums to increase by an average of 105 percent in the vast majority of States on the Federal exchange. Next year, premiums will again increase across the country--by as much as 43 percent in Iowa, 59 percent in Maryland, and 80 percent in New Mexico.  ObamaCare has led to 70 percent of our counties having little or no choice of insurance on the exchange this year. Next year, dozens of counties are projected to have no choice at all, which could leave thousands trapped, forced by law to purchase ObamaCare insurance but left without the means to do so. Seven years after Democrats forced ObamaCare on our country, these are the painful realities for countless families across our country.  It is unfortunate that our Democratic colleagues have refused to work with us in a serious way to comprehensively address ObamaCare's failures in the 7 years since they passed it. I regret that they continue to demonstrate an unserious attitude about all of this today, but it is increasingly clear that ObamaCare's negative trends will only get worse, hurting even more Americans all along the way, unless we act. This should not be acceptable to anyone.  Sitting on the sidelines and accepting the status quo will not bring help to anyone's constituents. We have the opportunity to provide relief to those struggling families, and we should take it. Senators will have more opportunities to offer their thoughts as we work toward an agreement, and every Member will have the ability to engage in a robust debate out here on the Senate floor.  But, if one thing is clear, it is this: ObamaCare is a direct assault on the middle class. It is getting worse, and we have to act to finally move beyond its failures.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  