 DeWine, Mr. Lugar, Mr. Kerry, Mrs. Clinton, Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Nelson of Florida, Mr. Levin, Mr. Feingold, Mr. Durbin, Mrs. Boxer, Mr. Voinovich, Mr. Specter, Mr. Chafee,Mr. Sununu, Mr. McCain, Mr. Brownback, Mr. Coleman, Mr. Lieberman, Mr. Salazar, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Leahy, Mrs. Murray, Mr. Inouye, Mr. Hagel, Mr. Frist, and Mr. Smith) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.       Whereas the Darfur Peace Agreement, signed on May 5, 2006,      between the Government of Sudan and rebels in Darfur has not      resulted in a cessation of hostilities in Darfur;       Whereas, although the United Nations Security Council      approved Security Council Resolution 1706 (2006), which      provides for a United Nations peacekeeping presence in Darfur      to replace the African Union Mission in Sudan (AMIS), the      Government of Sudan has rejected the deployment of United      Nations peacekeepers;       Whereas the Government of Sudan is engaged in a major      offensive in Darfur, in direct violation of the Darfur Peace      Agreement;       Whereas violence in the Darfur region has increased since      the signing of the Darfur Peace Agreement;       Whereas Jan Egeland, the United Nations Under-Secretary      General for Humanitarian Affairs, has stated that the coming      weeks may result in a ``man-made catastrophe of an      unprecedented scale'' in Darfur;       Whereas the African Union has decided to terminate the      African Union Mission in Sudan (AMIS) at the end of September      2006;       Whereas it is unlikely that the United Nations will have      the logistical means or capability to deploy peacekeepers to      Sudan until the end of 2006;       Whereas the people of Darfur cannot wait that long for      security to be re-established; and       Whereas the international community must renew its efforts      to stop genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity in      Darfur:       Now, therefore, be it       Resolved, That the Senate--       (1) strongly condemns--       (A) the current military offensive of the Government of      Sudan in Darfur in violation of the terms of the May 5, 2006,      Darfur Peace Agreement and the April 8, 2004, N'Djamena      cease-fire accord; and       (B) the rejection by the Government of Sudan of United      Nations Security Council Resolution 1706 (2006);       (2) commends the African Union Mission in Sudan (AMIS) for      its actions to date in monitoring the April 8, 2004,      N'Djamena cease-fire agreement in Darfur and encourages the      African Union to leave the AMIS force in place until a United      Nations peacekeeping mission is deployed to Darfur;       (3) calls upon the Government of Sudan to immediately--       (A) cease its military offensive in Darfur; and       (B) comply with the deployment of United Nations      peacekeepers to Darfurt called for by the United Nations      Security Council;       (4) calls upon the United Nations--       (A) to deploy as quickly as practicable peacekeeping troops      as authorized by United Nations Security Council Resolution      1706 (2006) that are well trained and equipped; and       (B) to begin considerations of sanctions as called for by      paragraphs 6 and 7 of United Nations Security Council      Resolution 1556 (2004) and paragraph 14 of United Nations      Security Council Resolution 1564 (2004);       (5) urges the President to take urgent steps to help      improve the security situation in Darfur, including by--       (A) pursuing the imposition of a ``no-fly zone'' in Darfur      in cooperation with the United Nations, NATO, or NATO allies;       (B) garnering support for NATO assistance with the handover      by the African Union of the AMIS mission to the United      Nations;       (C) working through diplomatic channels to obtain the      support of China, Russia, and United States allies in the      Arab League in securing the compliance of the Government of      Sudan with the deployment of United Nations peacekeepers as      provided by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1706      (2006);       (D) supporting full funding for the United Nations      Peacekeeping Mission in Sudan;       (E) securing the necessary support from United Nations      member states to schedule a special session on Sudan in the      United Nations Human Rights Council; and       (F) appointing a Special Envoy to Sudan to head the Office      of the Presidential Special Envoy established pursuant to      chapter 6 of title I of the Emergency Supplemental      Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and      Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109-234; 120 Stat. 439);      and       (6) urges the international community--       (A) to support the deployment of United Nations      peacekeepers to Darfur financially, with logistical and      equipment support, or through troop contributions;       (B) to fulfill financial obligations to United Nations and      international humanitarian aid agencies for responding to      thepiis in Darfur or addressing humanitarian needs throughout      Sudan;       (C) to impose targeted sanctions against members of the      National Congress Party determined to be responsible for      human rights violations, war crimes, and crimes against      humanity; and       (D) to impose sanctions consistent with paragraphs 6 and 7      of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1556 (2004) and      paragraph 14 of United Nations Security Council Resolution      1564 (2004)  