 President, I rise today for two purposes: one is to speak against the Santorum amendment relating to Iran--the Iran sanctions--and, two, to offer an amendment relating to the negotiations that are now underway by the President of the United States.  Let's cut right to it, if I may. Are we going to stand aside while the President of the United States of America is trying to stop the development of a nuclear bomb in Iran? The President of the United States of America has made a judgment--I would argue, finally, but he has made a judgment--that the best way to keep the worst thing from happening is to cooperate with our friends to put pressure on the bad guy.  What do I mean by that? The President of the United States, I assume at the urging of the Secretary of State--although it is not relevant, actually--the President of the United States took a more aggressive course about a month ago in attempting to stop the Iranians from developing a nuclear weapon, a weapon that, if developed in conjunction with a missile, could change, in a material way, the dynamics in the Middle East and particularly relating to our interests, notwithstanding the fact that it might not be able to strike the United States--a development that if it occurred would almost assuredly put great pressure on the Sunni Arabs in the region, who have lots of money, to join with possibly Egypt or another country to develop a Sunni bomb. This is not a good thing.  So the President, in conjunction with France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, our three largest European allies, along with China, and Russia, has agreed to and has been sitting down and making a specific proposal, which the President of the United States has pledged the United States to, in order to both entice as well as dissuade the Iranians from pursuing their course. There are two pieces to it. One, it says to the Iranians: If you cooperate and verifiably cease and desist, we, the United States, the three European countries, China, and Russia, will move forward with the following incentives to move you closer to the family of nations as a responsible nation. And there are a set of very specific incentives that the President of the United States of America has signed on to--quote, an ``offer,'' if you will, to the Iranian Government.  It also says, as was reported in the New York Times and the Washington Post today, that the Chinese, as well as the Americans and Russians, have communicated a second piece of information to the Iranians: If you do not cease and desist, these bad things are going to happen to you, and we are all jointly--jointly--going to impose them on you.  I think that was a stroke of significant diplomacy on the part of the President, which basically, as I understand it, the Europeans, Russians, and Chinese said: Will you join us in some of the carrots? And the President, as I understand it, said: Yes, if you join me in the strikes. It is carrots and sticks.  I know of no way to avoid one of two alternatives: one is the resignation to the acceptance of an Iranian weapon, and relying upon deterrence; or, two, the use of military force against Iran to prevent the development of that weapon.  My friend from Pennsylvania, as well as all of us on this floor, have received, I expect, the same extensive briefings I have on just how limited those alternatives are at this point militarily.  So I think the President has chosen a very reasonable course here. But even if you disagree with it, one of the things that--and I have been here during seven Presidents, and I have been very critical of this President's foreign policy--but the idea, in the midst of a negotiation, at the point at which the world is expecting and waiting and wondering what Iran's response will be, that the U.S. Senate would go on record as tying the President's hands in this negotiation--I find that amazing, absolutely amazing.  I spoke this morning with the Secretary of State who authorized me to say, unequivocally, the administration opposes this amendment. It limits their flexibility in doing what we all want: preventing the construction of a nuclear weapon in Iran. How much clearer can the administration be? And as my Grandfather Finnegan from my home State of Pennsylvania used to say: Who died and left you boss? Since when do we negotiate for a President? We are in the midst of a negotiation. The only thing we have going for us now, with China, Russia, and Europe all siding with us, we are about to mess up? Folks, I think this is such a tragic mistake--well-intended but tragic. The underlying amendment, Mr. Santorum's amendment, in my view, and in the view of the Secretary of State, actually advocates a policy that would jeopardize President Bush's initiative and, I believe, play directly into the hands of Iranian hard-liners.  I think if you read the language, it also has the potential to damage relations with some of the key countries whose cooperation we need to pressure Iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions. If this approach were adopted, we would be in the untenable position of sanctioning companies located in countries that we are asking to impose sanctions on Iran if they fail to accept the offer put forward by Russia, China, Europe, and the United States.  It does not, with all due respect to my friend, because I have joined him in Iran sanctions legislation in the past--I have joined him--but this is a different amendment and it is a fundamentally different time.  I remember going down to see the President when he was making his first trip to Europe. He asked whether I would come down and speak with him and his staff and I did. It was very gracious of him to ask my opinion, which was very nice of him. He said he was going to Germany. And he said--I am paraphrasing--I understand you have been asked to speak to the Bundestag, the German Parliament.  I said: Yes, I have, Mr. President.  He said: I understand you have turned it down.  I said: Yes, I have, Mr. President.  He said: Why?  I said: Mr. President, we only have one President. You are my President. My disagreements with you on foreign policy--at that time it related to the Balkans and some other things--I think it is totally inappropriate, while you are in Europe, while you are in discussions with the very people who invited me to speak, for me to go and publicly afront you in a foreign capital before their--their--Parliament, the very Parliament you are going to be speaking to. I am not President. You are our President. And he pressed: Well, why?  And I said, somewhat facetiously--and I have had this discussion with Newt--I am not Newt Gingrich. I don't go to the Middle East and speak to Middle Eastern Parliaments while the previous Secretary of State is there negotiating. I think it is inappropriate.  The President of the United States is in the midst of the most important negotiations, absent Korea--and not much is going on there--that we have had since he has been President. And even if everything in here makes sense, why would we now do this?  My plea to my friend from Pennsylvania is: Withhold this amendment. See what happens in the negotiations. If, in fact, they fail--as they have an overwhelming prospect that could happen--then come back to the Senate and the Congress to put on these restrictions.  Mr. President, may I ask how much time the Senator from Delaware has remaining?  