 President, I will vote no on the nomination of Judge Alito to the Supreme Court for three reasons: first, his expansive view of Executive power; second, his narrow view of the role of the Congress; and third, his grudging reading of antidiscrimination law reflecting a lack of understanding of congressional intent and the nature of discrimination in the 21st century.  First, Judge Alito's expansive view of Presidential power.  In November 2000, Judge Alito said that ``the unitary executive theory . . . best captures the meaning of the Constitution's text and structure.''  Justice Thomas in his Hamdi dissent lays out his views on the power of an unchecked unitary executive to wage war and exercise foreign policy.  Although Judge Alito said his interpretation of the unitary executive was much narrower and that he couldn't recall Justice Thomas using that term, I find Judge Alito's explanation not at all convincing.  I understand the term ``unitary executive'' in the manner in which John Yoo--the administration's legal architect--conceives of executive power.  I asked Judge Alito whether he agreed with Professor Yoo's reasoning that would allow the President under his absolute power--even in the absence of an emergency or imminent threat--to invade another country, to invade Iran tomorrow, no matter what Congress says.  Judge Alito declined to answer this basic, fundamental question.  Traditionally ``conservative'' Justices, such as Robert Jackson, strongly believed in the wisdom of checks and balances.  Judge Alito was asked repeatedly at the hearing about Justice Jackson's famous concurring opinion in the 1952 steel seizure case. During the Korean War, President Truman attempted to nationalize the steel mills in order to avoid a labor work stoppage that would have had negative effects on the war effort. A 6 to 3 Supreme Court ruled against President Truman.  Justice Jackson put it this way about what was at stake:       [N]o doctrine that the Court could promulgate would seem to      me more sinister and alarming than that a President whose      conduct of foreign affairs is so largely uncontrolled, and      often even is unknown, can vastly enlarge his mastery over      the internal affairs of the country by his own commitment of      the Nation's armed forces to some foreign venture. . . . That      military powers of the Commander in Chief were not to      supersede representative government of internal affairs seems      obvious from the Constitution and from elementary American      history.  Justice Jackson also laid out a three-part framework for how to view subsequent cases in which the President is arguing he's doing something under his Commander in Chief authority--a framework the Rehnquist Court embraced as ``analytically useful'' in the 1981 case of Dames & Moore v. Regan. First, is the instance in which ``the President acts pursuant to an express or implied'' authorization of Congress. Second, ``when the President acts in absence of either a congressional grant or denial of authority.'' And third, when the President takes ``measures incompatible with the expressed or implied will of Congress.''  Judge Alito showed remarkably little appreciation and understanding of this framework, at one point confusing prong two and prong three of Justice Jackson's framework. Judge Alito's record and his answers at the hearing raise great concern that both individual freedoms and the separation of powers are in jeopardy.  In 1984, Judge Alito wrote that he did not ``question the authority that the Attorney General should have absolute immunity'' in cases involving wiretaps. This again signifies a willingness by Judge Alito to give the President and his officers dangerously expansive powers.  At his hearings, Judge Alito tried to distance himself from his previous statement, claiming he was only doing the bidding of his clients. But at the same time, he refused to definitively say that he did not personally believe his previous assertion.  It is also useful to note that we are currently in midst of a potentially endless war. 