 President, I am pleased to speak today in enthusiastic support of Kent Jordan, a fellow Delawarean, who has been nominated by President Bush to serve on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.  If Kent is confirmed by the Senate, he will have completed a meteoric rise to a seat on the Federal court of appeals, and no one is more deserving.  But before I talk about Judge Jordan, allow me to say a few words about the Judge whom Judge Jordan is nominated to replace. This spring, Judge Jane Roth informed the President that she would be taking senior status. Judge Roth has been a stellar presence on the Federal bench; she has served her country with dignity, wisdom and distinction. She is dedicated to the rule of law, and her representation of our State on the court of appeals has brought nothing but distinction to Delaware.  Like many of you, I have known Judge Roth for several years, and I look forward to her continued brilliant service as a senior judge of the circuit.  As I told the Judiciary Committee at his hearing, Kent Jordan has very large shoes to fill, but I am confident that he is up to the task.  Judge Jordan began his legal career with a clerkship in the chambers of Judge Latchum, a pillar of the bar in Wimington. He went on to serve as an assistant U.S. attorney, working on some highly publicized cases and bringing some really bad characters to justice.  He then became a partner at one of Delaware's top law firms, Morris James Hitchens & Williams, before becoming general counsel to the 102-year-old Corporation Services Company and finally, 4 years ago, being confirmed by this Senate to serve on the bench of the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware.  Mr. Chairman, the past 4 years have demonstrated what those of us familiar with Judge Jordan already knew. He possesses the sterling academic and professional skills, as well as the vital judgment and temperament, to be an outstanding Federal district judge.  Lawyers who have appeared before Judge Jordan--even those he has ruled against--have described him as openminded and fair. His colleagues on the bench have come to value his intellect, integrity and his friendship.  If confirmed, Judge Kent will be an asset to the appellate bench and a model of responsible jurisprudence for years to come. I have full confidence that he will bring to the appellate bench all of the assets he has so clearly demonstrated in the district court.  I highly commend Judge Jordan to my colleagues and ask that they vote to confirm his nomination.  