 President, our country is at war. We face fundamental challenges to our security at home and abroad. The President himself has compared our situation to the Cold War, to World War II. Those were existential struggles, for which we made great sacrifices and which fundamentally realigned our priorities.  Thousands of American families have paid the ultimate sacrifice, tens of thousands of our sons and daughters have been wounded. Tens of thousands more have been put in the line of fire, some of them for multiple tours of duty.  The war in Iraq alone has lasted longer than World War II, and its cost, at $315 billion, continues to grow.  Here at home, we face challenges to the American dream--the faith that hard work would be rewarded with a decent job, a better future for our children, and secure retirement.  The income of the average American family has not risen in the past 6 years. Global competition from a billion and a half new workers will change the world our children inherit. American families have virtually no money left over to save, and private retirement savings are woefully inadequate to meet the wave of retirees now upon us.  To meet these challenges, we will have to make massive investments in education and in research to boost the productivity and earnings of American workers. We need to find alternative fuels to reduce our dependence on oil that undermines our foreign policy and holds our economy hostage.  Over 46 million Americans are without health insurance. Only 5 percent of the containers that pass through our ports are inspected for weapons. Our passenger rail system lacks the basic lighting, fences, dog patrols, and cameras that could prevent attacks by terrorists we know have that system in their sights. This is just a short list of the profound challenges we face as a Nation. We can all think of others.  While our needs multiply, we lack the resources to meet them. Handed a 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion, this administration has dragged us down, through the most dramatic reversal in our Nation's history, into an additional $3 trillion in debt.  They have doubled our debt to foreign governments. We now owe more than $2 trillion to Japan, China, and others. We are losing control of our financial future.  We are borrowing from our own national retirement savings, the Social Security system. This year alone, we will borrow $177 billion from Social Security.  Every day we go deeper into debt to foreign governments. Every day we spend more of our national retirement savings. And every day our basic needs, from homeland security to our retirement savings to our children's future--those needs are ignored.  That is the setting, that is the background, those are the circumstances in which we are now asked to cut taxes on just 7,000 of the wealthiest heirs in our country--at a cost of over $750 billion in the first decade it is in effect.  All of that will be borrowed. It is a transfer of $750 billion to the wealthiest two-tenths of 1 percent of Americans, borrowed from China, from Japan, from our own Social Security system. Somebody will have to pay that back.  Our children and our grandchildren will pay that back. It is a transfer from those with no voice of their own in our system, a transfer to those whose wealth speaks the loudest.  Under current law, the estate tax will affect fewer than 7,000 estates in the whole country by 2009. That year, a couple will be able to exempt a $7 million estate from taxes--a $7 million estate will pay no estate taxes. None.  The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that only 65 family farms in the whole country will be subject to estate tax at that point, under current law. Sixty-five farms, period.  Seven thousand of the wealthiest families will be the only ones paying any estate tax, and only 65 of those estates will be family farms, barely more than 1 farm per State across Our Nation.  And yet we are here today, actually considering reducing those numbers further, and driving our debt deeper, to save the most fortunate among us from that small remainder of an estate tax.  I believe that with the changes in current law we have accomplished some appropriate reform. I believe that family businesses and family farms should not be broken up to pay taxes. With the booming economy of the 1990s, many more Americans joined the ranks of those who could face estate taxes. Raising the exemption level and lowering the rate made sense.  Under current law, in my State of Delaware, fewer than 50 families will face any estate tax in 2009. Those are reforms that protect all but a few from the estate tax. It protects family businesses and family farms.  But I opposed complete repeal of the estate tax, and I oppose this legislation that will cost us $750B, three quarters of the cost of full repeal.  I oppose it, not because those who would benefit aren't good Americans. I am sure they are. Because they are good Americans, I think most would agree that given the world we live in today, facing a global threat to our security, with gaps in our homeland security, with clear domestic needs unmet, with our Federal finances already in the red--in the face of those facts, full repeal is a luxury that we cannot afford.  We could provide our middle class with some tax relief, by extending protection from the marriage penalty for $46 billion. We could extend the child tax credit for $183 billion. We could extend the college tuition deduction for $19 billion. Instead, the top priority of the leadership in this Congress is a handout to the most fortunate, paid for by three-quarters of a trillion dollars in debt heaped on our kids.  To add insult to this injury, the first pay raise for minimum wage workers in 10 years is now hostage to this estate tax cut. Under current law, you can be paid a wage that keeps you below the poverty line even if you are working full time.  Over the past 24 years, the most fortunate Americans, in the top 1 percent, saw their incomes more than double--from an average of $306,000 to over $700,000. During that same period, the incomes of average Americans grew just 15 percent.  But the poorest fifth of our citizens saw their already inadequate incomes grow just $600--over 24 years.  We are moving apart, not coming together, as a nation.  The minimum wage has not increased since 1996--and all of that increase has been wiped out by the cost of living. The minimum wage today, at $5.15 an hour, is even worth less in today's dollars than the $4.25 rate it replaced.  Today, the minimum wage is worth only a third of the average hourly wage of American workers, the lowest level in more than half a century. The bottom rung of the ladder of opportunity is broken. It is time to fix it.  That means a pay raise for over 7 million workers, in three stages, over the next 3 years, to $7.25 an hour. That will lift the floor under everybody's wages.  But now we are told that to get those folks on minimum wage a raise, we have to go three-quarters of a trillion dollars into debt to China, Japan, and other countries so that the sons and daughters of the 7,000 most fortunate families among us will be spared the estate tax.  Everyone else's sons and daughters will get that bill. Our country, already the world's biggest debtor nation, already borrowing 65 percent of all the money borrowed by countries around the world, already spending the retirement savings that should be going into Social Security, our country will be weaker financially because of it.  The American people are tired of seeing this kind of ``gotcha'' politics while our country is at war, while we face serious challenges to our economic competitiveness, our health, our children's future. Instead of a long overdue adjustment in the minimum wage, we get political theater.  And finally, instead of extending important tax credits to promote research and development, to clean up brownfields--even to give our fighting forces tax credits for combat pay--we are given this take-it-or-leave-it deal that makes estate tax cuts the top priority.  Those are not the priorities of the American people, and this Senate should reject them.  We can pass a minimum wage increase to reward work at the bottom of our economic ladder. We can extend the tax breaks that meet real needs and that serve genuine public policy needs. We can do that, and we can leave in place substantial reforms to the estate tax that have already taken place.  First, we must say no to this transparent gimmick. Then we can do what we should have done in the first place.  