 President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Kansas for giving me the opportunity to make some remarks for the record.  I support Mike Pompeo to be Director of the CIA. I want to make clear that Congressman Pompeo has committed to following the law with respect to torture. He committed, during his open hearing, to a question I asked, to refuse any orders to restart the CIA's use of enhanced interrogation techniques that fall outside of the Army Field Manual.  However, what has happened is that his written answers to my questions for the record on torture appear to leave open the possibility that he would be open to the CIA carrying out these practices again in the future. I have had an opportunity to discuss this with Congressman Pompeo, and I asked him today to give me some statements from him that I could put directly into the record in that regard, and I wish to share these responses. I received them today, prepared by his staff.  Let me quote. ``By law, any agency interrogations will be limited to techniques in the Army Field Manual.''  ``The Army Field Manual explicitly prohibits waterboarding and other techniques.''  He further recommitted to the promise he made at his hearing that he ``would `absolutely not' comply with an order that violates the law, including an order to restart a program with techniques that violated the limitations in the Army Field Manual.''  Additionally, he clarified his comments regarding which experts he intends to consult at the CIA and other organizations in the government regarding the Army Field Manual. This is where there was particularly--I think in the Daily Beast, this question was raised, as well as in other places, so I want to clear it up. Here is his statement: He ``would listen to any items raised by the High-Value detainee Interrogation Group''--which we call the HIG--``or other career intelligence professionals that any improvements were needed to the Army Field Manual based on their professional experience.''  Moreover, he promised to provide objective analysis of Iran's compliance with the nuclear agreement and insisted that he would keep the Senate informed of all CIA activities in that regard.  Additionally, he has promised to put aside his previous political considerations, and he has committed to providing the President and the Congress with independent, objective intelligence analysis.  Certainly, I, and certainly others, intend to hold him to these commitments. For these reasons, I am clearly voting for his confirmation and look forward to working closely with him on the Senate Intelligence Committee to make sure strong congressional oversight of the CIA continues.  I thank the Chair.  I yield the floor.  