I thank the distinguished gentlelady for yielding and thank her for her leadership.  I would especially like to thank Tom Lantos, our revered and great and honorable former chairman of the committee who did pioneering work on Tibet and really helped bring the Dalai Lama here in the first place and made that very important connection many, many years ago.  Mr. Speaker, 50 years ago today the Tibetan people rose up against the tyranny that the Chinese communist party was imposing on it. The outnumbered Tibetans fought stubbornly but did not succeed in overthrowing the tyranny. Sadly, the Chinese forces killed over 86,000 Tibetans, and the Dalai Lama had to leave Tibet to lead a government in exile.  But I think the Tibetans succeeded in doing something else 50 years ago. They put down a spiritual marker. They decided that, materially free or not, persecuted or not, the Tibetan people were going to remain Tibetan and were not going to forsake their religious heritage for the mess of ideological and atheistic nonsense the communists offered them.  They would preserve their spiritual freedom, even in the Laogai. And since 1959 every generation of Tibetans have taken up that decision and reaffirmed it. We cannot speak about 1959 without remembering 2008, when the Chinese government brutally crushed Tibetans' largely peaceful marking of the 1959 uprising.  Last year Lodi Gyari, His Holiness' Special Envoy, told me and others on the Congressional Human Rights Caucus that Tibet had ``become, particularly, in the last few weeks, in every sense an occupied nation, brutally occupied by Armed Forces.'' This week, as our distinguished Speaker of the House just mentioned, the Dalai Lama has described the situation in Tibet as hell on Earth.  Shockingly and almost laughingly, the Chinese government shot back today and said Tibet is paradise on Earth. Well, it was, Mr. Speaker. Now it's paradise lost.  Just as it did in 1959, last year the Chinese government ordered its soldiers and police to shoot. The death toll is well over 100. We don't even have any idea how many were wounded, how many were left wounded or dying in attics and cellars because they knew if they went to a hospital they would simply disappear into the Chinese Laogai.  As in 1959, last year the Chinese government subjected Tibetans to mass arrests. They searched whole sections of cities house by house. Chinese officials admit to over 4,000 arrests. Even today, thousands of monks are still held under house arrest or lockdown.  Mr. Speaker, in 1995 I chaired a congressional hearing in which we heard from six survivors of the Laogai. One of them was Palden Gyatso, a Tibetan monk who spent 24 years in prison. When we invited him to come and speak, he brought with him some of the instruments of torture that are routinely employed and used in a horrific manner against men and women in Chinese concentration camps.  He told us that many people die of starvation. But when he brought those instruments, he couldn't even bring them past our Capitol Police, they stopped him. I had to go down to the entrance and escort him through.  At the hearing, he held up those electric batons that are used in the mouth and elsewhere in order to provide electric shocks. And while he was giving his testimony, he broke down.  He held it up and said this is what went into my mouth, as a Buddhist monk, and into the mouths of other people, to shock and to deface. He has trouble swallowing to this day.  He told us about self-tightening handcuffs and held up his wrists and showed us the scars on his body. Not just on his wrists, but elsewhere as well. He told us how the guards pierce people with bayonets, and he also told us that every bit of this was routine and almost mundane.  Yet in the face of this, he and so many others like him persevered, and the Tibetan people at large continue on, keeping faith, including their admirable principle of nonviolence.  