I thank my good friend, Ranking Member Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, for her leadership, and I want to thank my good friend Eni Faleomavaega and, of course, Chairman Payne, who is the author of the resolution before us.  Madam Speaker, as ranking member of the subcommittee and as a cosponsor of this resolution, I share Chairman Payne's deep and abiding concern regarding child survival, which was the theme of this year's event.  For the record, as a Member of Congress, I've worked for most of the last 29 years on child survival initiatives. I began in the early 1980s with the four pillars of child survival and with the famous Jim Grant, the former UNICEF director, who was a passionate defender of those very low-cost interventions that could literally save lives--including vaccinations, oral rehydration therapy, growth monitoring, and breastfeeding, which can effectuate miracles in the lives of children and their families.  Madam Speaker, there is a universal recognition that our children are our Nation's most precious, vulnerable citizens who demand every protection and safeguard society can provide. In no way is this protection and assistance needed more today than on the continent of Africa.  Africa is home to just over 10 percent of the world's population; yet it accounts for some 44 percent of all children who die before they reach the age of 5. There are estimates that some 4.6 million African children under 5 lose their lives each and every year. The circumstances under which a baby is born and the first few days of life outside the mother's womb are critical.  In the 2009 State of the World's Children report, the U.N. Children's Fund reports that, in 2004, the highest rates of neonatal deaths--deaths within the first 28 days after birth--occurred in West and Central Africa at the rate of some 45 per 1,000 live births. Eastern and Southern Africa also had the highest rates at 36 neonatal deaths per 1,000 live births. That compares to about 3 deaths per 1,000 live births in industrialized nations.  Even within this short window of time, there are great variations in the baby's likelihood of survival. The greatest risk is during the first day after birth when an estimated 25 to 45 percent of neonatal mortalities occur. Almost three-fourths of all neonatal deaths occur within the first week after birth.  As UNICEF points out, a baby's chance of survival is not determined at the moment of birth. The report points out ``the health of mothers and newborns is intricately related, so preventing deaths requires, in many cases, implementing the same interventions.'' Among those interventions are adequate nutrition, prenatal care for the unborn child, antenatal care, skilled birth attendants, and access to emergency obstetric care when necessary.  Basically, we now know that we must treat expectant mothers and their unborn children as two patients to ensure the survival and the sustainable health of both. Therefore, the resolution correctly emphasizes the necessity of improving child, newborn and maternal health in order to ensure child survival in Africa.  Again, I want to thank Mr. Payne for introducing the resolution.  