Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res 218, expressing Congress's deepest condolences to the families of the 57 victims of the Maguindanao massacre. I thank my good friend from California, Mr. Berman, for authoring the resolution, which I am proud to co-sponsor.  Madam Speaker, when a friend is struck by a tragedy, perhaps the death of a family member, we all know what to do. We call them up, we visit them, we reach out to them. That is what they need at that moment--to know they are not alone, that they are accompanied by friends. I am confident this is happening in the Philippines right now. The Filipino people have strong families, and a gift for friendship.  I think it is like that with nations too. What happened in Maguindanao was such a terrible tragedy that other nations have to reach out and remind the Filipino people that they are part of a great human family, and that other nations grieve with them.  Madam Speaker, lest anyone doubt the importance of this gesture, let me remind them of the outpouring of support, which came from every corner of the globe, after the September 11 attacks in 2001. That meant so much to us.  But, Madam Speaker, the Filipino people also need justice. When a crime is committed on such a scale and in such a manner as the Maguindanao massacre, fundamental issues of justice and human rights are raised. The ambush of 57 people travelling in broad daylight to file a candidate's nomination papers, their forced march to a prepared killing field, their grisly shooting, mutilation, including the sexual mutilation and reportedly rape of women, and attempted burial by government-owned equipment--something is deeply wrong. And let's remember that the murder of 30 journalists is a full-scale attack on freedom of expression--the Committee to Protect Journalists says this massacre was the deadliest attack on journalists since it began monitoring in 1992.  My good friend's resolution addresses these issues. It condemns the ``culture of impunity'' that precedes and enables such a crime, and calls for a ``transparent and independent investigation and prosecution'' of those responsible, and the proceedings to be conducted with the highest possible level of ``impartiality and regard for witness protection.'' And this is the issue: whether in our own country or elsewhere, whenever a government is unwilling to administer justice, it prepares the ground for human rights violations.  This resolution also calls for an end to extrajudicial killings and political violence, and for press freedom and safety. Finally, it urges our government to offer technical assistance to the investigation.  Madam Speaker, let us ask God to comfort all those who have lost family members and friends in this terrible crime. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.  