Madam Speaker, I would like to thank, Mr. Levin for introducing this important resolution commemorating the 20th anniversary of the brutal suppression of innocent men, women and children in China.  Twenty years ago, in May 1989, hundreds of thousands of demonstrators gathered on Tiananmen Square and elsewhere in China to express their desire for peaceful democratic reform. In the face of these massive demonstrations the Chinese Communist Party hesitated. There were apparently some decent men and women in the party's leadership, who had begun to understand what a tragedy Communist rule has been for the Chinese people, countless millions of whose lives had been destroyed by its famines and cultural revolutions and totalitarian social controls.  But we know what happened. Jiang Zemin [JANG ZUH-MEEN] pushed the reformersaside, cleared Tiananmen Square with tanks, and shot to death thousands of peaceful demonstrators.  In December of 1996 here in Washington, at the invitation of President Bill Clinton, General Chi Haotian, the Defense Minister of the People's Republic of China, the general who was the operational commander of the soldiers who slaughtered pro-democracy demonstrators in and around Tiananmen Square in June of 1989, said, ``Not a single person lost his life in Tiananmen Square.''  According to General Chi, the Chinese Army did nothing more violent than, and I quote him, ``pushing of people.''  General Chi not only met with Mr. Clinton in the White House but was accorded full military honors, including a 19-gun salute and visits to military bases. Rather than getting the red carpet, General Chi should have been held to account for his crimes against humanity.  To counter the big lie, I quickly put together and chaired a hearing of eyewitnesses to the Tiananmen Square massacre, including several Chinese, a former editor of the People's Daily, and Time Magazine's Beijing bureau chief.  I also invited General Chi or anyone else to testify before our committee from the government of China. They were no-shows, although I left a chair for them.  One of our witnesses, a man by the name of Xuecan Wu, the former editor of the People's Daily, was singled out by Li Peng for punishment and got 4 years in prison for trying to tell the truth to his readers in Beijing.  Mr. Wu called General Chi's lie about no one being killed ``shameless'' and told my subcommittee that he personally saw at least, and I quote him here, ``at least 30 carts carrying dead and wounded people.''  Eyewitness Jian-Ki Yang, Vice President of the Alliance for a Democratic China, testified, and I quote, ``I saw trucks of soldiers who got out and started firing automatic weapons at the people. Each time they fired the weapons, three or four people were hit, and each time the crowd went down to the ground. We were there for about an hour and a half. I saw 13 people killed. We saw four tanks coming from the square, and they were going very fast at a very high speed. The two tanks in front were chasing students.''  He went on to say, ``They ran over the students. Everyone was screaming. We counted 11 bodies.''  Time Magazine's David Aikman, another eyewitness said, and I quote, ``Children were killed holding hands with their mothers. A 9-year-old boy was shot seven or eight times in the back, and his parents placed the corpse on a truck and drove through the streets of northwest Beijing on Sunday morning. `This is what the government has done,' the distraught mother kept telling crowds of passersby through a makeshift speaker system.''  Madam Speaker, 20 years after Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government perpetuates General Chi's Orwellian fabrication that no one died. In truth, thousands died and approximately 7,000 were wounded.  Twenty years after Tiananmen Square, an untold number of democracy activists remain incarcerated for peacefully advocating human rights. To be jailed by the Chinese, as we all know, means torture, humiliation, and severe deprivations. The ugly spirit of the Tiananmen Square Massacre continues. The brave and noble human rights attorney Gao Zhisheng has been subjected to excruciating torture that continues today. We must raise our voice on his behalf--and for others like him.  Earlier this year, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she wouldn't let China's shameless human rights record ``interfere'' with other issues including and especially China's purchase of U.S. treasury securities to finance America's debt. Wittingly or not, that kind of attitude enables abuse and torture.  In the early 1990s, Congressman Frank Wolf and I visited Beijing Prison Number 1, a bleak gulag where 40 Tiananmen Square prisoners were being unjustly detained. We saw firsthand the price paid by brave and tenacious individuals for peacefully petitioning their government for freedom. And it was not pretty. They looked like the walking skeletons of Auschwitz.  Despite the hopes and expectations of some that robust trade with China would usher in at least a modicum of respect for human rights and fundamental liberties, the simple fact of the matter is that the dictatorship in China oppresses, tortures and mistreats millions of its own citizens.  Moreover, China is the land of the one-child-per-couple policy, a barbaric policy that makes brothers and sisters illegal. Forced abortion, force sterilization and ruinous fines are routinely deployed to ensure compliance with this Draconian and utterly cruel family planning policy.  The criminal slaughter of Tiananmen has had terrible and lasting consequences for the Chinese people, and for the world. China had reached a turning point, and failed to turn. Twenty years later, it still has not turned.  The Chinese people still live under a one-party government that ruthlessly represses dissenters and democratic activists, that controls all news media and blocks and censors the Internet. The Communist party still enforces a one-child policy that makes brothers and sisters illegal, and regularly conducts campaigns of forced abortion. It still persecutes religious believers, and it has stepped up its campaign of cultural genocide in Xinjiang [SHIN JANG] and Tibet.  The men and women who rule China today are the proteges of the criminals of Tiananmen, and, in order to claim legitimacy, do everything they can to suppress the facts about Tiananmen. Last summer Frank Wolf and I walked across Tiananmen Square--officials searched us before we entered the square, and squads of police surrounded us while we were on it, terrified we might hold up a simple sign or banner. Later, we tried to look up ``Tiananmen Square'' on the tightly-controlled Chinese Internet. Of course, mere mention of the slaughter has been removed from the Chinese Internet. As noted in the resolution before us, the Chinese authorities censor any effort to inform the public about what occurred in June 1989.  I also want to say that our government has not done enough to support the Chinese people. And our failure has been a defining event for our own foreign policy, also with terrible consequences for the world.  The Chinese Communist Party, and dictators around the world, drew the conclusion that America's talk of human rights was just hot air, that the only interests that really matter to us are financial.  Our government has a duty to speak up more on human rights in China. Unfortunately, they have been doing the opposite. President Obama has not shown much interest in human rights. In our policies towards Cuba, Venezuela, Iran, and Russia, to name a few countries, human rights has been dramatically downgraded, and everyone understands this.  And Secretary Clinton has effectively taken human rights off the U.S. agenda with the Chinese Government, telling the global media that concern for the protection of human rights of the Chinese people can't be allowed to ``interfere'' with the economic crisis, climate change, and security--as if human rights were disconnected and irrelevant to those issues.  And so, Madam Speaker, it is all the more important that the House of Representatives pass this resolution, and by doing so:  express sympathy to the families of those who suffered so terribly as a result of the Chinese Government's actions 20 years ago, and our solidarity with those who continue to suffer human rights abuses at the hands of Chinese Government officials;  call for a full and independent investigation into what occurred during the Tiananmen Square suppression;  call on the Chinese Government to release all those, including those who participated in the Tiananmen Square demonstrations, who are wrongfully imprisoned in violation of their human rights; and  call on the Administration to take aggressive action in support of China's human rights defenders.  