Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in support of H. Res. 538, supporting Olympic Day and encouraging the International Olympic Committee to select Chicago, Illinois, as the host city for the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic games, and I congratulate my good friend and colleague Ms. Schakowsky for sponsoring this, bringing it to the floor today. I think it sends a very clear message of the solidarity that we have that this be the venue for the 2016 Olympic games.  Last month, the world observed the 61st annual Olympic Day, a celebration commemorating the creation of the International Olympic Committee. Olympic Day was first observed in 1948, 54 years after the founding of the International Olympic Committee. As the only annual, worldwide event of the Olympic movement, Olympic Day is a fitting tribute to the ideals of the Olympic charter.  These are: ``to create a way of life based on the joy of effort, the educational value of good example and respect for universal fundamental ethical principles,'' and ``to place sport at the service of the harmonious development of man,'' and I would add woman, ``with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity.''  The theme of this year's Olympic Day is ``Move, Learn and Discover,'' and it was celebrated last month with the 22nd annual Olympic Day run sponsored in various locations around the world by over 150 national Olympic committees.  This resolution also encourages the selection of Chicago, Illinois, as the host city for the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic games.  Selected in April of 2007 as the United States bid city for the summer Olympics in 2016, Chicago is a thriving example of our Nation's heartland, its urban vitality, and its remarkable diversity.  The contributions of international sport to personal fitness and international understanding deserve our recognition, and I thank again my distinguished colleague from Illinois for introducing this resolution which deserves our unanimous support.  I reserve the balance of our time.  