President, I rise today to join my colleague, the senior Senator from Maine, to describe just some of what the people of Maine have experienced in recent weeks, namely, the worst natural disaster in our State's history. The ``Ice Storm of the Century,'' as we refer to it in Maine, began innocently enough with a light rain on Wednesday, January 7. By the time it let up 4 days later, however, the storm had encased the State in a layer of ice up to 10 inches thick and left well over $100 million in damages in its wake.  When all we need to do to restore power is to flip a switch in our fuse boxes, it is very easy to take for granted just how essential power is to every aspect of our lives. Electricity allows us to cook our meals, heat our homes, and communicate with our neighbors and our friends. From the second we wake up in the morning, usually from the buzz of an electric alarm clock, power plays an integral role in our daily lives. Think for a moment of everything that you are able to do today so far because of power. Then just imagine how you would cope without power for 10 days or even longer as many Maine residents had to do. This ice storm was the single most devastating natural disaster to hit Maine in recorded history. Over 800,000--that is approximately 7 out of 10--of our residents lost power for at least some part of the storm, some for as long as 2 weeks or even longer.  As you can see from these pictures, Mr. President, power lines, telephone poles and trees were snapped in two by the massive onslaught of ice. This is a picture that appeared in the Bangor Daily News of power lines and of poles, telephone poles, and as you can see the tops of them have been sheared off by the massive weight of the ice.  Mr. President, I grew up in northern Maine. I am very used to mighty winter storms but never, never in my life, have I experienced a storm like this one. As I looked out from the window of my home in Bangor, limbs from my favorite maple tree in the front yard came crashing down on my roof and against the picture window in my living room. Transformers lit up the night with blue sparks as ice brought them tumbling down as well. And I was much more fortunate than many Maine residents. Many businesses were forced to close due to the lack of power. People took to placing signs in the snow with arrows pointing to their homes reading ``No Phone No Power.'' Even the National Weather Service located in Gray, ME, lost power for over a week and had to rely on a not-so-reliable generator to track the latest weather developments and to help keep Mainers safe and informed.  These pictures of a twig and a tiny blade of grass covered with 2 inches of ice were taken on the lawn adjacent to the National Weather Service office. As you can see, telephone poles were snapped in two, trees were coated by ice.  Mr. President, this is literally a blade of grass. We have a closeup that I am going to show you next on this.  This shows you just how amazing the ice was from this storm. A single blade of grass is photographed here encased with ice.  Adding insult to injury, on Saturday, January 25, just as Mainers had begun to return to life as usual, a second ice storm hit, knocking out power to 165,000 Mainers and crippling the electric grid in a region that had managed to come through the first storm relatively unscathed.  By all accounts, the worst of natural disasters brought out the best in Mainers. Volunteers flocked to shelters to lend a hand and to help serve meals. The State's television stations joined forces to raise money for the Red Cross, and our radio stations and newspapers provided practical tips and encouragement to help keep up the spirits of Mainers during our worst natural disaster. Heartwarming stories of people with little or nothing giving all that they could were commonplace during this tragedy. For 10 straight days, for example, one man opened his home to his neighbors every single night, housing the elderly and infants in his town and helping to remove the heavy branches from roads and from his neighbors' driveways.  On a personal note, when I ran out of wood after my fourth day without power, a neighbor quickly came to the rescue to help keep my pipes from freezing. Acts of kindness like this one exhibited by my neighbor were repeated over and over again in countless communities throughout the State. One in particular touched me deeply.  When I was visiting the Red Cross shelter in Bangor at the Air National Guard base, I talked with an elderly woman in a wheelchair who had been forced to leave her home because of the storm. She was obviously a victim of a stroke and was unable to move much of her right side. In addition, it was obvious that she was a person of very modest means. Nevertheless, she said to me, ``Could you help me by reaching into my pocketbook. I have $2 there that I would like to donate to the Red Cross.''  Mr. President, that is the kind of spirit, of generosity and kindness that characterizes Maine people. Even inher dire situation, this woman was able to think of people less fortunate than herself. That spirit of kindness and generosity helped us to survive the ``Ice Storm of the Century.''  Unfortunately, while kindness and good will and generosity and a sense of community helped us to get through the worst of the storm, they alone cannot complete the recovery.  Mainers experienced serious financial and property losses as a result of the storm. Early estimates put the damages to homes, businesses, utilities and public property at well over $100 million, and it is still growing. The estimated cost of repairs to Maine's power grid alone is a staggering $70 million, and that is money the ratepayers of Maine will have to bear unless there is assistance forthcoming from the Federal Government.  However, simply attaching a dollar amount to the damage fails to provide a true picture of the devastation experienced by virtually the entire State of Maine. To give you a more vivid idea of the destruction of the ice storm of 1998, I want to share some statistics with my colleagues.  During this ice storm, 7 out of 10 Mainers lost power, some for as long as 14 days; schools across the southern and central portion of the State closed for many days, some for over 2 weeks; all of Maine's 16 counties were declared Federal disaster areas; at just one hospital in central Maine, more than 80 people were treated for carbon monoxide poisoning, 4 people, unfortunately, died of carbon monoxide poisoning; thousands of families were forced into more than 100 emergency shelters across the State, hundreds of thousands of others spent the night with their families, with family members, neighbors or friends; more than 11 million acres of Maine's forest lands--that is more than half of the State's total--were damaged by the storm. Of this total more than 3 million acres are classified as severely damaged; 1,200 utility crews from as far away as Nova Scotia to North Carolina were sent to Maine to help restore power lines. We are very grateful for that assistance; our telephone company, Bell Atlantic, dispatched 625 fieldworkers, several of whom were on loan from other States; in a remarkable development, the Department of Defense actually airlifted bucket trucks and power crews to help us with the repairs; manufacturers of electric parts from as far away as Alabama worked overtime for 10 days to help meet our power company's needs; 3 million feet of electrical cable were irreparably damaged and nearly 3,000 utility poles had to be replaced. Think of how sturdy a utility pole is. We lost 3,000 of them during this storm.  Even after the debris has been removed and our electric infrastructure has been repaired, much of Maine's natural resources based economy will take years to recover. Dairy farmers, maple syrup producers, apple growers, and our forestry industry were particularly hard hit. In addition, because of the countless downed trees and limbs, some of the 11 million acres of damaged forest lands will remain vulnerable to fire and to insect attacks for years to come. Neighbors, Government agencies and nonprofit organizations rallied to the support of the hundreds of thousands of Mainers displaced by the ice storm, but it will take a strong commitment from the Federal Government for Mainers to truly complete the process of putting their homes, their bases and their communities back together.  Vice President Gore's tour of the hardest-hit areas and the prompt assistance of FEMA, HUD and SBA demonstrate the Federal Government's concern for Mainers and their commitment to recovery efforts. But additional help is needed. So as we enjoy the comfortable spring-like temperatures in Washington, DC, I urge my colleagues not to forget the Mainers buried in ice and snow. I hope that my colleagues will remember these statistics and the photographs that the senior Senator from Maine and I have shown you today in the coming weeks as we join with other members of the Maine delegation in asking for my colleagues' assistance through a supplemental appropriation for disaster relief.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  