1173, the highway reauthorization legislation currently pending before the Senate. Passage of this ISTEA legislation will be very beneficial to the people of my State and to Maine's economy.  Before beginning my remarks tonight, I commend the distinguished managers of this comprehensive legislation, Senator John Chafee and Senator Max Baucus. They have worked diligently to produce a broad, bipartisan consensus for this complicated 6-year reauthorization bill. I commend them for their efforts today, and I look forward to working with them as this legislation continues to move through the Senate, be passed by the House, be reconciled in conference and ultimately to be signed into law by the President.  The State of Maine has 1.2 million people. They are spread out across roughly 34,000 square miles. Our State has, by far, the lowest population density in all of New England. Consequently, continuing to improve and upgrade our roads, our highways, our bridges is essential to Maine's future prosperity.  Studies have shown that roughly 80 percent of all economic development occurs within 10 miles on either side of our interstate highway. Thus, the expansion and improvement of our transportation system are vital to increasing job opportunities for all the citizens of our State.  From Maine's perspective, the 1998 ISTEA legislation builds upon the successes of the 1991 law and will continue to provide Maine with needed funding to build, repair, and maintain our surface transportation system into the 21st century.  Madam President, Maine, like other northeastern States, is facing an aging transportation infrastructure. It requires maintenance, rehabilitation, and in some cases outright replacement. S. 1173, as amended, would provide Maine with vitally needed funds for transportation. It would provide a much-needed boost in the funding that would go to my State.  Under the 1991 ISTEA law, Maine received approximately $118 million in annual highway funding. With the adoption of the amendment worked out by the Senator from Rhode Island last week, which I strongly supported, this legislation will now authorize $144 million in transportation spending for Maine annually.  This, Madam President, is good news for our State. It represents a 22 percent increase over the average of the State under the 1991 law. Clearly, this increase will be very beneficial for the people of Maine. The ability of the economy of Maine to grow and offer new and exciting job opportunities to its people is directly related to the quality and the availability of our transportation system. In addition, the higher funding levels should enable the State to pursue some very high-priority transportation projects over the next 6 years.  For example, Madam President, as a native of Aroostook County, I have long been a strong supporter of a four-lane, limited-access highway project in Aroostook County. We need such a highway--all the way from Houlton to Fort Kent--and I am committed to doing everything possible to assist in this vital effort. The higher funding levels authorized by this legislation should enable the State of Maine to continue moving this vitally important project forward by completing the next stage, the environmental studies.  Another important transportation project for Maine will be the efforts to improve our roads and highways that cross the State in an east-west direction. There is also considerable interest in the State in undertaking studies to look at constructing an east-west highway to improve trade and opportunity throughout the State.  In recent years, the prospect of an east-west highway has been getting more and more attention, and the increased highway funding contained inthe legislation before us today will assist the State in exploring this exciting new opportunity. Madam President, the ISTEA legislation will also help the State of Maine with other important priorities, such as replacing aging bridges, developing our cargo ports, and improving critical economic corridors throughout the entire State.  These suggest a few of the very important transportation projects that the State of Maine can and should consider moving forward with just as soon as this Congress completes action on the long-term surface transportation reauthorization.  Madam President, the ISTEA legislation will help Maine and its people maintain and develop a transportation system that will meet the challenges of the future. Again, I commend the distinguished managers of this bill for all of their hard work, and I am very pleased to support their efforts in passing this much needed and vitally important legislation.  I thank you, Madam President, and I yield the floor.  Mr. D'AMATO. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  