President.  Mr. President, there is much in the amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky that I support. I particularly support its expansion of outreach efforts designed to help emerging small businesses compete for Federal contracts.  I think that those specific provisions of the amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky would truly be very helpful to a lot of small businesses regardless of their ownership. Moreover, I share the opposition of the Senator from Kentucky to numerical quotas. I don't like the numerical quotas that are in current law. Whether or not they are constitutionally suspect, they are certainly inflexible, and they are often unfair.  I am also opposed to creating a permanent entitlement or preference for businesses based upon their ownership by minorities or women. We should be providing such businesses a hand up, not a permanent handout. However, I believe that the amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky goes too far. In my view, the programs funded under ISTEA should include a nonnumerical goal--not a quota, not a 10-percent set-aside, but a goal aimed at increasing participation by disadvantaged business enterprises.  Unfortunately, the Senator from Kentucky has indicated that he is unwilling to alter his proposal in this manner, and, for that reason, I am going to vote against his amendment.  Mr. President, we all talk about the legalities of this issue. But I would like to try to put a human face on the matter before us. Let me tell you of a specific example of the benefits of the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program, a specific case involving a woman from Maine named Tina Woodman. Tina, in her own words, went from being a waitress to being an ironworker, to being the president of her own company. As a matter of fact, I talked with Tina just this afternoon about her story, with which I was already very familiar.  Tina, after receiving specialized training, was able to go from being a waitress for 10 years to learning to be an ironworker, to opening up and becoming president of her own company, Maine Rebar Services. In fact, she and her company worked this past summer on the Casco Bay Bridge project in Maine, one of the largest construction projects our State has ever had.  By building her own business, Tina has not only been able to provide for her 6-year-old daughter, but for the first time in her life she has also been able to buy her own home. She told me, and her daughter told me, that the best part of this was that they could now plant flowers in their own front yard.  Every time I drive across or see the Casco Bay Bridge, I think of Tina Woodman, and I think of her daughter and the flowers growing in their front yard.  All of this wonderful story would never have come about but for the opportunity given to Tina through the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program. Hers is the kind of success story that this kind of program can bring about when it is properly applied.  Mr. President, we do need to reform this program. We need to make sure that it is carefully tailored so as to give people a little bit of a hand up so that they can participate in the American dream.  For this reason, Mr. President, I am going to reluctantly oppose the amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky. I hope, however, that he and others will be willing to work with me in order to reshape these programs.  Thank you, Mr. President. I thank the managers of the bill, and I yield the floor.  