President.  Mr. President, I rise to join the senior Senator from Maine, Senator Snowe, in urging my colleagues to approve the conference report on H.R. 629, legislation that would ratify the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact, known as the Texas Compact.  In entering into an agreement for the disposal of low-level radioactive waste, the States of Maine, Texas, and Vermont followed the direction established by the Congress in the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act and its 1985 amendments. That legislation contemplated that States would form agreements of this nature for the disposal of low-level waste, and thus, by ratifying the compact, Congress will be completing a process that it set in motion.  Since 1985, Congress has ratified 9 compacts involving 41 States. Put differently, 82 of the 100 Members of this body live in States with compacts that have already been ratified by the Senate, and with the approval of the Texas Compact, that number will rise to 88. In short, what Maine, Texas, and Vermont are seeking today has already been routinely granted in the vast majority of States.  While the disposal of radioactive waste is bound to generate controversy, this agreement has been overwhelmingly approved by the legislatures of the three compacting States, signed by their Governors, and, in the case of the State of Maine, endorsed by voters in a referendum. This is consistent with the congressional determination that the States bear responsibility for the disposal of low-level radioactive waste and that, in the interest of limiting the number of disposal sites, they work together to carry out this responsibility. Indeed, ratification by Congress is necessitated only because State-imposed limitations on the importation of waste would otherwise violate the commerce clause.  Mr. President, the Senator from Minnesota, whom I enjoy serving with on the Committee on Labor and Human Resources, has criticized the disposal site that is under consideration by the State of Texas. Apart from the fact that the location of the site is a matter for Texas to determine and is not a component of this bill, that criticism is unsupported by the facts.  In making the decision to consider the proposed site in Hudspeth County, TX, there has been extensive public involvement as well as a thorough environmental and technical review. The county was found to have two critical characteristics for a disposal site; namely, very little rainfall and very low population density. Indeed, the county is the size of the State of Connecticut and has a population of only 2,800 people, and it must be remembered, Mr. President, that this is only a proposed site. Final approval will not be forthcoming unless all of the standards established by Texas law are satisfied.  The decision to consider the site in Texas has nothing to do with who lives there. It has everything to do with the fact that very few people live there.  This body has been presented with nine low-level radioactive waste compacts. It has not imposed changes on any one of those agreements. In keeping with congressionally established policy for the disposal of low-level waste, Maine, Texas, and Vermont are simply seeking the same treatment.  I commend my colleague from Maine, Senator Snowe, for her leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support the conference report. I yield the floor.  