President, as a Senator from a State with an excellent records of accomplishment at the secondary education level, but a discouraging low rate of participation in higher education, I am extremely pleased to rise in support of the conference report on the higher education act amendments of 1998. Mr. President, I have had no higher priority than bringing this important legislation to completion this year.  I am very proud of the record of Maine's primary and secondary schools. We have one of the lowest high school dropout rates in the country, and we rank in the top third of the Nation for residents over 25 years old with high school diplomas. More important, the academic achievement of our schools is impressive. Education Week's ``Quality Counts'' assessment found that the performance of Maine's students in mathematics, science, and reading was at the very top of the Nation.  Unfortunately, Mr. President, there is one dark cloud in this otherwise very bright and sunny picture, and that is the low rate of participation in higher education by Maine's high school graduates. That low rate results not from a lack of interest or lack of ability, but rather from a lack of opportunity. The legislation we are considering today holds the key for young people of limited means to get through a door that, often for financial reasons, would otherwise remain closed to them.  This reauthorization of the Higher Education Act continues the historic commitment begun 40 years ago when Congress enacted the National Defense Education Act. In the NDEA, Congress stated, ``The security of the Nation requires the fullest development of the mental resources and technical skills of its young men and women.''  In 1958, Congress was thinking of security in terms of the cold war and the recent launch of Sputnik by the Soviet Union. However, Mr. President, this statement remains equally valid today--although the challenge to ournational security is greatly different. Today, we face an internal threat--not the threat of the rapidly advancing technology of a foreign enemy, but the quiet threat of failing to provide educational opportunity to all our citizens. Those deprived of that opportunity lose the chance to participate in our Nation's bright, technology-based economic future.  Given the well-established relationship between educational attainment and lifetime earnings, the consequences of not affording educational opportunity to lower-income Americans are predictable. Indeed, the result is a vicious cycle, in which the income gap leads to an education gap, which in turn leads to an even more pronounced income gap. Unless steps are taken to close the education gap, one that is rooted in economics rather than in ability, we lock the children of America's lower income families into a self-perpetuating cycle of inadequate education and low income.  The Higher Education Act seeks to close that education gap. It assumes that all qualified high school students graduating are entitled to higher education and strives to make this a reality through a program of grants, guaranteed loans, and Opportunity Programs.  The grant programs authorized by the Higher Education Act are the most important part of our attempt to assure access to higher education. Nationwide, Pell grants have assisted millions of students in obtaining postsecondary education. In Maine, 15,000 students were awarded $24 million in Pell Grants last year. In addition, Maine institutions received more than $6.5 million in Supplemental Education Opportunity Grants, which they distributed to the most needy students.  My strong belief in the importance of grant aid in expanding access to higher education has led me to introduce several bills to increase the level of Pell Grants for which students can qualify. One of these bills, the Working Students Income Protection Act, eliminated an unfair penalty that is imposed on low-income students who work to pay part of their educational expenses--just the kind of thing we ought to be encouraging. The bill was incorporated, I am pleased to say, into the Higher Education Act Amendments and, as a result, students may now earn $2,000 a year more before their Pell Grants are reduced.  The act also reflects my efforts to ensure that the formula used to calculate the amount of a student's Pell Grant reflects the true costs of dependent care. As we increase the maximum level of Pell Grants, we approach the point at which this arbitrary cap of $750, which is in the current law, would limit Pell Grants to some of the most deserving students--those balancing caring for their children and going to college. The changes in the Higher Education Act will prevent such students from having to choose between supporting their children and pursuing higher education.  In addition to Pell Grants, the Higher Education Act has provided funding for a joint Federal-State effort to award grants to needy students. This program is known as the State Student Incentive Grants Program. This bill incorporates a proposal authored by Senator Reed of Rhode Island and myself to not only maintain this important program, but to expand it to fund a series of other State efforts to promote access to higher education for low-income students. This year, for every dollar in Federal SSIG funds, my State of Maine is contributing almost $50, and the result is that 10,000 students will receive a total of $5 million to further their education.  Mr. President, the combined Federal and State grant aid based on the Higher Education Act totals more than $35 million to students in Maine who are enrolled in institutions of higher education. This represents a direct investment in equal opportunity and bright futures for Maine families.  The other major financial assistance program in the Higher Education Act is the guaranteed student loan program. This reauthorization assures that students will continue to have access to both private loans, as well as those that come directly from the Department of Education, and it establishes the lowest interest rate in 17 years for guaranteed student loans. This is good news, indeed.  Mr. President, unless individuals from disadvantaged social and economic backgrounds aspire to higher education, no amount of financial aid will help them. Therefore, in reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, we are continuing a very successful effort by the Federal Government to put higher education on the radar screens of disadvantaged youths through the Opportunity or Trio Programs.  In my home State, TRIO programs, such as Talent Search and Upward Bound, have lifted the aspirations of thousands of young people who otherwise never would have even considered postsecondary education. I am very pleased to have worked for the extension and improvement of these programs along with the creation of an exciting new program known as Gear Up, through which colleges will reach out to entire middle school classes.  I have had the opportunity to visit outstanding Upward Bound programs at both the University of Maine at Orono and the University of Maine at Presque Isle. The high school students in these programs were enthusiastic, challenged, and so excited about their opportunities. As one student told me, ``No one in my family has ever been to college. I had no idea that college could be part of my future--Upward Bound has given me confidence and experience; it's opened my eyes to all sorts of new opportunities.''  The Federal Government cannot guarantee equal educational achievement, but we can take steps and must take steps to guarantee equality of access by removing the barriers that prevent students from lower- and middle-income families from pursuing postsecondary education. That is the very purpose of the Higher Education Act. Its student loan programs have assisted countless students in overcoming the financial obstacles to higher education while its opportunity programs, such as Upward Bound, have an admirable record of breaking down the social and academic areas.  Despite our successes, the statistics show that we have not yet done the job. The education gap still exists, and to close it we need to reaffirm and extend our commitment to equal access to education. Establishing equality of opportunity is the ultimate goal of the Higher Education Amendments of 1998.  The American people expect their Government to prepare our Nation for the next century. I can think of no better way to carry out that responsibility than to assist today's young people in realizing their full potential to become not just productive members of society but also the leaders upon whom America's future depends.  I am pleased to have played a role in bringing this very important legislation before the Senate today. I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  