President.  Mr. President, I am very pleased to join the senior Senator from Maine and our distinguished colleague from Rhode Island in paying tribute to the extraordinary accomplishments of a former Maine Senator, George Mitchell, in bringing a new sense of hope, peace, and security to Northern Ireland.  Mr. President, it was Samuel Johnson who said in 1777 that knowledge that you will be hanged in a fortnight does wonders to concentrate your mind. In 1998, former Senate majority leader, George Mitchell, proved the truth of this aphorism by giving the Northern Ireland peace talks a Good Friday deadline, placing upon these negotiations the equivalent, if you will, of a sunset provision that left the parties with no alternative but finally to come up with a real solution.  This deadline accomplished its purpose wonderfully. It concentrated their minds wonderfully and led directly to the historic agreement. Some years ago, it scarcely seemed possible to imagine a Northern Ireland in which children could grow up without fear of violence and bloodshed. Today, however, due to the extraordinary efforts of former Senator George Mitchell, this brighter future is not only imaginable--it is very nearly here.  That Senator Mitchell should possess such statesmanship and skill is, of course, no surprise to the people in my home State of Maine. Senator Mitchell is greatly admired in this country for his work on behalf of the citizens of Maine and indeed of all Americans. Today, however, the people of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland--and peace-loving people everywhere--also owe Senator Mitchell a great debt for helping to steer these talks to their successful conclusion. I do not believe that we would be celebrating this agreement without his heroic efforts.  It is my great hope that with his statesmanship and steady hand, Senator Mitchell has now made it possible to achieve a real reconciliation in Northern Ireland--and for the Irish people to go about building their future together, in cooperation rather than in conflict.  I am very pleased that the Senate has passed overwhelmingly a resolution expressing our support for the Irish peace process and the brighter future represented by this truly historic agreement.  Thank you, Mr. President.  I yield the floor.  