President, we must replace this country's Byzantine and loophole-ridden Tax Code. How can anyone stand on the floor of this Senate and defend it? Just look at our current Tax Code. It has been estimated that it takes Americans 5.4 billion hours to do their taxes. Our Tax Code currently consists of nearly 3 million words backed up by nearly 10 million words of regulations. It is impossible to understand, which is why it cost taxpayers an astounding $150 billion a year to comply with.  Our Tax Code is riddled with loopholes that benefit special interests at the expense of the general interest. Special interests have filled the code with countless loopholes, poorly constructed tax writeoffs, and expensive subsidies that benefit a few at the expense of the many.  Mr. President, our Tax Code is not like a fine wine that gets better with age. It is more like a woolen sweater in a closet full of moths. It acquires more and more holes all of the time, and after a while, you just can't keep on mending it. You have to throw it out.  We want to write a new Tax Code that will provide all Americans with a simpler, fairer Tax Code, a Tax Code that they deserve. And we want to do it by Independence Day 2002.  Mr. President, I have been in the Senate about a year and a half now. If there is one thing I have learned, it is that the Senate never takes action--that the Congress never acts unless there is a deadline. The Senator from Montana knows that better than most people. Does he really think that we would have acted to reauthorize ISTEA, the transportation bill that he worked so hard on with the Senator from Rhode Island without a deadline, without the existing law expiring unless we act?  We are in a deadline situation right now as we rush to complete work before the August recess. We all know what happens towards the end of the fiscal year as we rush to complete work on the funding business to keep our Government open. The fact is, Mr. President, that this Congress will not act to do the necessary step of reforming our Tax Code without a deadline.  It is not irresponsible to allow 4\1/2\ years for this task to be undertaken. We are not prejudging the results. We are not saying that the result has to be a national tax or some other possibility. What we are saying is that America deserves a Tax Code that we can be proud of. And the only way we aregoing to accomplish that goal is if we set a deadline.  Mr. President, the Tax Code is not going to expire overnight. We are not proposing sunsetting it tomorrow, or next month, or even next year. What we have laid out is over a 4-year period an adequate amount of time to carefully and responsibly craft an alternative of which America can be proud.  Mr. President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this important legislation.  No one--let me repeat that--no one is going to allow our current Tax Code to expire without a responsible alternative in place. But if we are going to restore public confidence in Government, we must start by ending the current Tax Code as we know it, and by crafting a well-thought-out and responsible alternative.  Mr. President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor, and I urge my colleagues to support this very worthwhile initiative. I commend the Senator from Arkansas and the Senator in the Chair for their work in this area.  Thank you. I yield the floor.  