President, we should not delude ourselves about who will end up paying the cost and price of these requirements. Ultimately, the cost of compliance will be shifted from the schools to the students and their families. As a result, the value of the Hope Scholarship Program and Lifetime Learning Tax Credit will be diminished.  Mr. President, the IRS has complained that eliminating these reporting requirements will be too expensive, essentially arguing that too many people who are not entitled to claim the exemption will do so. I find this logic curious because with the other exemptions and credits in the code, we require the taxpayers to report the necessary information on their tax returns and maintain records of their expenses to support any tax credit or deduction that they claim. It seems to me that the education tax credits should receive the same treatment.  But let's assume that the IRS is correct, Mr. President, and that the education tax credits should be treated differently--if that is the case, why should the burden fall on our nation's colleges and universities?  The fact is that the IRS already collects much of the information needed to verify the validity of the tax credits.  Mr. President, I would like to ask the chairman of the committee and the distinguished ranking minority member to join with Senator DeWine and me in a request to the Joint Committee on Taxation to study this issue and to look specifically at what the cost would be to the IRS to develop a system to ensure compliance based on information that already requires taxpayers to file. For example, taxpayers are already required to file the name and the Social Security for their dependents. Many experts maintain that the IRS already has much of the information that it needs. It simply needs to modify its software to allow it to conduct matches to verify the information.  Mr. President, it certainly is worth determining whether the cost to the IRS would be less than or more than the $115 million that it will cost our universities and colleges each year to comply with the paperwork associated with these credits.  Mr. President, the rationale for the Hope and Lifetime Learning credits was to make postsecondary education more affordable, and thus more accessible to lower- and middle-income families. Unfortunately, what Congress has given with one hand it has taken away at least in part with its regulatory hand. It is within our power to fix this problem. We should do so soon.  Tonight, pending the resolution of the larger issue, we can take one small step to alleviate some of the burden imposed upon our colleges and universities. The amendment that Senator DeWine and I are offering will change the requirement for reporting the tuition and grant aid pertaining to each student in a manner that will make it somewhat easier for our postsecondary institutions to comply. The Joint Committee on Taxation has scored the cost impact of the change as being negligible, but the revision will help our colleges and universities.  I urge adoption of the amendment. I hope to have the cooperation of the chairman and ranking minority member in addressing the larger issue.  Now I would like to yield to my colleague from Ohio and my cosponsor, Senator DeWine.  Mr. DeWINE addressed the Chair.  