President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this important legislation, and I want to commend the Senator from Vermont, the chairman of the committee, for his work in bringing this very important legislation to the floor.  Mr. President, today we continue a historic commitment which began 40 years ago when Congress enacted the National Defense Education Act.  In 1958, the NDEA provided that: ``The security of the Nation requires the fullest development of the mental resources and technical skills of its young men and women.'' At that time, Congress was thinking of security in terms of the cold war and was reacting to the Soviet Union's stunning achievement in launching Sputnik.  Although the cold war is behind us now, the sentiments expressed in 1958 remain valid today. The threat may no longer be as dramatic as the threat posed by the technological advancements of a hostile superpower; instead, the threat that we face today is a quiet threat of lost opportunity--economically, culturally, and socially--a threat that will be realized if we fail to provide educational opportunities to our citizens.  As a Senator from a State with a very high rate of high school completion but a very low rate of participation in higher education, I am particularly concerned about the threat that the lack of access to higher education poses to the future well-being of many of our lower-income citizens.  We know, Mr. President, that fewer people from lower-income families enroll in postsecondary education. The problems caused by the lack of access, however, do not stop once we get students to campus. Another challenge is keeping them there and encouraging them to graduate.  The disturbing truth, Mr. President, is that students who find college least affordable are much less likely to complete college than their financially more secure counterparts. As the Educational Testing Service's Policy Information Center has reported, ``The education staircase . . . is getting steeper and harder to climb, particularly for those in lower income groups.''  The center has reported the alarming fact that students from lower-income backgrounds, in addition to having much lower rates of entrance into college, have much higher dropout rates than those from higher-income families.  In 1979, a student in the top quartile of family income was four times more likely to obtain a baccalaureate degree by age 24 than a student from the bottom quartile.  By 1994, Mr. President, this problem, this gap, had gotten much worse. Individuals from the top quartile were 10 times more likely to attain a 4-year degree by age 24.  When you couple this statistic with the well-established relationship between educational attainment and lifetime earnings, the consequences of the education gap are obvious. We keep reading about the gap between the rich and the poor in this country and that that gap is growing. That gap is, by and large, an education gap.  If we are able to provide educational opportunities to lower-income families, we will help close that gap, because the differences in the lifetime earnings of people who complete only high school versus those who go on to postsecondary education are enormous. We are at risk of creating a permanent underclass of people without the skills that open the gateways to economic opportunity, the skills that allow entry into a job market demanding a higher-educated and better-trained workforce. In fact, Mr. President, it is estimated that in the State of Maine more than 80 percent of the new jobs being created require some sort of postsecondary education.  Unless steps are taken to close this educational gap, a gap rooted in economics rather than in intelligence or ability, we are locking the children of America's lower-income families into a self-perpetuating cycle of inadequate education and low-income status. Without educational opportunities, a significant part of American society will never have the chance to participate fairly in America's bright technology-based future.  Mr. President, the legislation before us, the Higher Education Act reauthorization, will help provide these educational opportunities. I would like to highlight some specific provisions in this legislation that I worked on and believe are critical. These provisions increase access to education by focusing on two components--first, helping families afford education; and, second, increasing the aspirations of our young people, particularly those who come from families where higher education is not a tradition.  Mr. President, the Pell Grant Program has been one of the Federal Government's greatest contributions to the success of higher education. Over the last 25 years, this program has provided invaluable assistance to tens of millions of our neediest students.  The Pell Grant Program has, however, had some flaws. Most notably, under its current formula, the program creates a disincentive to work. This was brought home to me when I talked to a young person who had decided to take a year off between high school and college in order to earn more money for her education. She worked at McDonald's and lived at home, saved every penny. The consequence was that she lost her Pell grant when she went to school the next year.  We have created, in the current formula, a disincentive, because we have a very low cap on allowable earnings which penalizes students who are trying to pay for their education through work rather than relying solely on loans.  Earlier this year, I introduced the Working Students Income Protection Act to address this problem. I am very pleased that the Labor and Human Resources Committee has incorporated my bill into the final version of the legislation before us today. It will increase by $1,000 the earnings allowance for students who receive Pell grants.  Another important provision improving the Pell grant that is included in this legislation is the elimination of the dependent care cap that had been included in the formula in the past. Again, I introduced legislation to make this change because I was concerned that as we increase the maximum level of aid, we end up limiting Pell grant awards to some of the most needy students, those who have child care expenses. Often these are single parents who are balancing raising children, going to work, and attending college. The changes that are included in this bill will make it a little bit easier for these students.  Another provision of this bill includes legislation that Senator Reed of Rhode Island and I have authored to strengthen the State Student Incentive Grant Program. This program provides assistance to 12,000 Maine students who come from families whose average income is under $12,000.  Mr. President, as important as all this financial assistance is--and I know from my experience working in a Maine college that it is critical--there is another significant barrier to higher education for a lot of our young people.  If students come from a disadvantaged social or economic background, and come from families where there is no experience with higher education, they may look at college as being beyond their reach. It may be a frightening experience for them or something they simply do not consider, despite having the ability to succeed.  In reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, we are continuing one of the Federal Government's most successful efforts, and that is the TRIOPrograms. In my home State, TRIO Programs such as Talent Search and Upward Bound have identified and reached out to promising young people who otherwise never would have considered postsecondary education but for these terrific programs. Two-thirds of the students benefiting from the TRIO Programs come from families where neither parent has any higher education and whose families' incomes are below $24,000.  One such student, Mr. President, recently visited me. She was a young woman from Greene, ME, who talked with such excitement about the benefit of the Talent Search Program to her aspirations. She said that the program had convinced her that she wants to go to college. This young woman comes from a low-income family. Neither of her parents went to college. In fact, her mother was a teenage mother who dropped out of high school to raise her children. This young woman put it very well. She said, ``But for this program, but for the Talent Search Program, I would have been too frightened to go to college. I would have just assumed that it wasn't for me.'' This program, by exposing her to a college environment, by giving her the counseling, the mentoring, and the encouragement that she needed, has convinced her that higher education will be part of her future. I am convinced that it will be a bright future indeed.  It is difficult for me to think of a more worthwhile investment of Federal funds than these important programs. The Federal Government cannot guarantee equal educational attainment for every student, but we can certainly take steps that will guarantee equality of access for every student. We can help eliminate the barriers of cost and inadequate aspirations that prevent students from lower- and middle-income families from pursuing postsecondary education. We can give them equal opportunity by providing the access through the important programs in this legislation.  The Higher Education Act that is before the Senate today will help our citizens overcome economic and social barriers, take advantage of education, and reach their full potential. That not only benefits them as individuals, it benefits our Nation as a society, as well.  Today I encourage my colleagues to join in affirming and extending the commitment for access to education that we began 40 years ago.  I thank the President for the time, and I thank the chairman for his efforts, as well.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sessions). The Senator from Ohio.  Mr. DeWINE. Mr. President, I will offer a few brief comments in regard to this very important piece of legislation that the Senate is now considering. In my work on the Labor Committee, one of the things I have been focusing on is the issue of quality teaching in our classroom. Really, there is nothing more important in regard to education than the teacher. Our children deserve to be taught by teachers who really understand their subject, understand the subject matter.  I have worked hard to incorporate measures concerning good teaching into this bill. I want to thank Chairman Jeffords for the assistance that he has given me and the cooperation in getting these sections incorporated into this very good bill.  Title II of this legislation is entitled ``Improving Teacher Quality.'' Here are some of the measures that I have been promoting that I am pleased to say have been included in this bill. One, the bill funds programs that establish, expand, and improve alternative routes to State certification for highly qualified individuals from other occupations and for recent college graduates with records of academic distinction.  Two, this bill would develop and implement innovative efforts aimed at reducing the shortage of highly qualified teachers in high-poverty urban and in high-poverty rural areas. These efforts might include the recruitment of highly qualified individuals from other occupations--again, through alternative certification programs.  Three, this bill would provide prospective teachers with alternatives to traditional preparation for teaching, through programs at colleges of arts and sciences or at nonprofit educational organizations.  I am pleased that this bill has a strong focus on alternative certification or licensure of teachers. I introduced S. 1742, the Alternative Certification and Licensure of Teachers Act back in February of this year. I introduced it because I wanted to give highly qualified people who like to teach, who want to teach, a chance to do so. These are people who can serve as mentors and who can serve as role models, real life examples of how a good education can make a huge, positive difference in a student's future. These are the types of individuals that we should be encouraging to become teachers and to get into education.  I also take a moment to talk about the commonsense Quality Child Care Loan Forgiveness Act, which I introduced last July. I am pleased that this provision has also been included in this bill. Members can find it incorporated in title IV of the bill before the Senate.  Now, Mr. President, the Quality Child Care Loan Forgiveness Act provides school loan forgiveness to individuals who earn a degree in early childhood education or in related fields and who then obtains employment in a child care facility. I think we must recognize the extraordinary need that exists today for quality child care. Recent studies have shown that more than 80 percent of child care centers provide mediocre or poor quality services. The indications are that a mere 14 percent of the centers surveyed met levels of quality that were high enough to adequately support a child's development. The Quality Child Care Loan Forgiveness Act will help ensure that our children get higher quality child care. It will do it by encouraging more people, better qualified people, to teach in these facilities. It will encourage students who are in college to major in this area and to make their lifework early childhood development. Again, I don't know what could be more important.  Finally, let me say I am glad that this bill includes important legislation I sponsored having to do with the underground railroad. The Underground Railroad Education Culture Act will provide for the establishment of programs to research, display, interpret, and collect artifacts and other items relating to the history of the underground railroad. The history of the underground railroad is important to this country. It is important to Ohio, and it is important to me personally. In the 20 years prior to the Civil War, it is estimated--no one will ever know what the true figure is--but it is estimated that more than 40,000 slaves, 40,000 human beings escaped bondage and made their way to free soil on the trail of the underground railroad.  This is a great story. It is a great story that every schoolchild in America should know about. More than 150 underground railroad sites have been identified in my home State of Ohio alone. We are sure there are many, many more besides that. These are sites that symbolized at the time freedom for thousands and thousands of enslaved Americans. When I visit these places, as I have with my family, it gives me real pause for hope about the future of our country.  When we talk about race relations in this country, we would do well to remind ourselves that at one of the darkest points in our history--maybe our darkest point, the period of slavery--some blacks and some whites took immense personal risk to work together for freedom, to work together for liberty. It is a great story. This is a part of the American story that we should be proud of and we should build on. In Ohio, we are very proud of the part our ancestors played in this great story. This is why I think this legislation is so very important.  I want to again thank my colleague, Senator Jeffords, the chairman of our committee, and my other colleagues on the Labor Committee, for agreeing to place this legislation in the managers' amendment. It was very important to recognize this period in our history.  Let me conclude, Mr. President, by mentioning briefly what I believe to be the next step on education policy. I have introduced legislation that would provide assistance for the creation of nonprofit teacher training facilities across the United States, facilities that would help train teachers--teachers who are already in the classroom, or individuals who are about to enter this great profession. S. 1742, the TeacherQuality Act, which I have introduced, is a commonsense piece of legislation that would assist school districts in their struggle to maintain the highest possible academic standards for their children. I hope that in the weeks ahead we will consider this bill as well.  Mr. President, I strongly support this bipartisan effort and will vote in favor of its passage. Again, I congratulate Senator Jeffords and the other members of our committee who have worked so long and hard to bring this very good and comprehensive bill to the Senate.  