President, I rise in support of the legislation introduced by the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee. I would have preferred the approach taken in my own home health bill, which I introduced last April and which has 29 Senate cosponsors, because it would have done more to level the playing field and provide more relief to historically cost-effective agencies. However, I understand that the chairman faced a difficult task of balancing a number of competing issues, and the bill we are considering today is an important first step that will move the process forward and provide a measure of relief to those cost-effective agencies in every State that are currently being penalized by the formula used to calculate the per-beneficiary limit.  America's home health agencies provide invaluable services that have enabled a growing number of our most frail and vulnerable Medicare beneficiaries to avoid hospitals and nursing homes and stay just where they want to be--in their own homes. However, critics have long pointed out that Medicare's historic cost-based payment for home health care has inherent incentives for home care agencies to provide more services, which has driven up costs.  Therefore, there was widespread support for the Balanced Budget Act provision calling for the implementation of a prospective payment system for home care. Until then, home health agencies are being paid according to a new ``interim payment system,'' which unfortunately is critically flawed.  As we are all aware, the Health Care Financing Administration has diverted considerable resources to solving its Y2K problem so that there will be no slowdown of Medicare payments in 2000. As a result, implementation of the prospective payment system for home health agencies will be delayed, and home health agencies will remain on IPS far longer than Congress envisioned when it enacted the Balanced Budget Act. This makes it all the more imperative that we act now to address the problems with a system that effectively rewards the agencies the have provided the most visits and spent the most Medicare dollars, while it penalizes low-cost, more efficient providers.  Home health agencies in the Northeast are among those that have been particularly hard-hit by the formula change. As the Wall Street Journal recently observed, ``If New England had been just a little greedier, its home health industry would be a lot better off now . . . Ironically, . . . [the region] is getting clobbered by the system because of its tradition of nonprofit community service and efficiency.  Moreover, there are wide disparities in payments and no logic to the variance in payment levels. The average patient cap in the East South Central region is almost $2,500 higher than New England's without any evidence that patients in the southern States are sicker or that nurses and other home health personnel in this region cost more.  Moreover, the current per-beneficiary limits range from a low of $760 for one agency to a high of $53,000 at another. As such, the system gives a competitive advantage to high-cost agencies over their lower costs neighbors, since agencies in a particular region may have dramatically different reimbursement levels regardless of any differences among their patient populations. And finally, this system may force low-cost agencies to stop accepting patients with more serious health care needs.  Mr. President, I realize that we cannot address every home health issue that has been raised this year. Some matters will have to carry over to the next Congress, and I fully intend to work with my colleagues next year on these items. Nonetheless, there are things we can do this year, and I believe that it is imperative that Congress act now to begin to address these problems. At least one agency in Maine has closed because the reimbursement levels under this system fell so short of its actual operating costs. Other cost-efficient agencies in my State are laying off staff or declining to accept new patients with more serious health conditions.  Which brings us back to the central and most critical issue--the real losers in this situation are our seniors, since cuts of this magnitude simply cannot be sustained without ultimately affecting patient care.  Mr. President, once again, I commend the chairman of the Finance Committee for his efforts on this difficult issue and urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation.  