President, yesterday was the ninth anniversary of the massacre of hundreds of prodemocracy students on Tiananmen Square in Beijing by troops acting under the orders of the Communist Government of China. In memory of the brave students who suffered and died there for speaking out peacefully against political repression, and in memory of those who are imprisoned still, last night I attempted to introduce this resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that our Government should remain committed to honoring the memory of these victims of oppression and also that supporting China's peaceful transition to democracy should be a principal goal of our foreign policy.  I know that such sentiments are shared by all Members of this body. After all, who could possibly object to honoring the Chinese student martyrs to democracy on the ninth anniversary of their massacre? After all, our most cherished political ideals are those of inalienable rights and democratic self-rule. Unfortunately, however, we were unable to get the resolution cleared last night on the Democratic side. This objection prevented the Senate from making any statement in memory of the victims of Tiananmen Square on the ninth anniversary of their murder.  I am pleased, however, to report today that the cold light of morning has helped bring some perspective to this issue and that the objection to my resolution has now been withdrawn. I am very grateful for the cooperation of the Democratic leader in resolving the issue on his side.  I spoke at some length last night about the purpose of this resolution, so I will not repeat those remarks now. Let me merely say that it is deeply gratifying to see all of us join together in expressing our heartfelt commitment to democracy and human rights in China and in honoring the memory of those slain in the pursuit of these ideals. It may be 24 hours late, Mr. President, but history will not find the U.S. Senate to have been voiceless in remembrance of the victims in the Tiananmen Square massacre of June 4, 1989.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.  