President, I want to start by commending the Senator from Wisconsin for his leadership and thanking him for his kind comments.  It is with a renewed sense of enthusiasm that I rise today to urge this body to pass much-needed reforms to our campaign finance laws. I am buoyed by the courage shown by my Republican colleagues in the House who were willing to put their commitment to good government ahead of their parochial interests.  Mr. President, this amendment is needed because the twin loopholes of soft money and bogus issue ads have virtually obliterated our campaign finance laws, leaving us with little more than a pile of legal rubble. We supposedly have restrictions on how much individuals can contribute to political parties; yet, at last year's hearings before the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee, we heard from one individual who gave $325,000 to the Democratic National Committee in order to secure a picture with the President of the United States. Another mockingly testified that the next time he is willing to spend $600,000, rather than $300,000, to purchase access to the White House.  We supposedly prohibit corporations and unions from financing political campaigns; yet, the AFL-CIO reportedly spent $800,000 in Maine on so-called issue ads which anyone with an ounce of common sense recognized were designed to defeat a candidate for Congress. And as reported in Sunday's Washington Post, when the class action lawyers collect their tens of billions in fees from the tobacco lawsuits, the resulting flood of cash to the Democratic Party will make past contributions look like pocket change.  We in this body decry legal loopholes, but we have reserved the largest ones for ourselves. Indeed, these are more like black holes, and that sucking sound you hear during election years is the whoosh of six-figure soft money donations rushing into party coffers.  Why should this matter, we are asked by those all too eager to equate freedom of speech with freedom to spend? It should matter because political equality is the essence of democracy, and an electoral system fueled by money is one lacking in political equality.  Mr. President, the hope of Maine support campaign finance reform. If my colleagues will indulge me a bit of home state pride, I think the Maine perspective results from old fashion, Down East common sense. Maine people are able to see through the complexities of this debate and focus on what is at heart a very simple, yet very profound, problem. As long as we allow unlimited contributions--whether in the form of hard or soft money--and as long as we allow unlimited expenditures, we will not have political equality in this country. It is not just that there will not be a level playing field for those seeking public office, but more important, there will not be a level playing field for those seeking access to their government.  The Maine attitude may well be shaped by the fact that many people in my state live in communities where town meetings are still held each year. I am not talking about the staged, televised town meeting that has become so fashionable of late. I am talking about a rough and tumble meeting held in the high school gym or in the grange hall. Attend one of these meetings and you will observe an element of true democracy; people with more money do not get to speak longer or louder than people with less money. Unfortunately, what is true at Maine town meetings is not true in Washington.  Mr. President, the amendment pending before this body is dramatically different from the original McCain-Feingold bill. It does not seek to radically alter how we finance our campaigns. Indeed, it does not alter at all the basic framework that Congress established more than two decades ago in the 1970s.  Before us today is legislation designed simply to close election law loopholes that undermine the protections the American people were promised in the aftermath of Watergate. Put differently, this amendment does not create new reforms, but merely restores reforms adopted two decades ago.  Let me be more specific. Gone from this version of the legislation are the voluntary limits on how much a campaign can spend. Gone is the free TV time, as well as the reduced TV time. Gone is the reduction in PAC limits. Gone are the restrictions on certain types of so-called issue ads run by nonprofit organizations, replaced instead by a requirement that they disclose their sources of funding.  Most of these continue to be very important reforms to which I remain personally committed. But in the interest of securing action on the major abuses in the current system, we who support the McCain-Feingold proposal have agreed to significant compromises. This is now a modest bill but nevertheless, a critical first step in the journey toward reform.  Mr. President, history demonstrates that the current uses of soft money and issue ads were not intended by the framers of our election laws. Go back to the early 1980s when soft money was used only for party overhead and organizational expenses, and you will find that the contributions totaled a few million dollars. By contrast, in the last election cycle when soft money took on its current role, these contributions exceeded $250 million.  Bogus issue ads were such a small element in the past that it is impossible to find reliable estimates of the amounts expended on them. Unfortunately, that is no longer the case, and these expenditures have now become worthy of studies, the most prominent of which estimates that as much as $150 million dollars was spent on these ads in 1995-96.  When I ran for a seat in this body, I advocated major changes to our campaign finance laws, but I recognize that goal must wait for another time. The challenge before us today is far more modest. Are we prepared to address loopholes that subvert the intent of the election laws that we enacted more than two decades ago? Are we willing to restore to the American people the campaign finance system that rightfully belongs to them?  Those are the questions before this body. Mr. President, a strong majority of the Members of the House of Representatives support reform as do a majority of the Members of the Senate. I would hope that the Senate this week will finally vote to reform a loophole-ridden system. The American people deserve no less.  Mr. President, it remains to be seen whether campaign finance reform is an idea whose time has come. But I can assure my colleagues of one thing--it is an idea that will not die.  Thank you, Mr. President. I urge my colleagues to support the McCain-Feingold amendment, and I am proud to be a cosponsor.  I yield the floor.  