President, this week the Senate is debating far-reaching landmark legislation which gives us a historic opportunity to combat teen smoking and in the process save millions of lives.  Tobacco use is the No. 1 preventable cause of death in the United States, accounting for almost half a million deaths a year and billions of dollars in health care costs. More people die each year in the United States from smoking than from AIDS, suicide, alcohol and drug abuse, car accidents, and fires combined. Tobacco use in this country carries a price tag of almost $100 billion a year in direct health costs and in lost productivity.  Clearly, the single most effective thing we can do to improve our Nation's health is to stop smoking. However, smoking rates are actually increasing, particularly, and most tragically, among our young people. Tragically, tobacco addiction is increasingly a teen onset disease. Ninety percent of all smokers start before age 21. What is especially disturbing is that children, especially girls, are smoking at younger and younger ages. Smoking is at a 19-year high among high school seniors and has increased by over 35 percent among 8th graders over the past 7 years.  The statistics for my own State of Maine are particularly alarming. Maine has the dubious distinction of having the highest smoking rate among young adults in the country. Thirty-two percent of our 18- to 30-year-olds are regular smokers. Almost 40 percent of Maine's high school seniors smoke. If current trends continue, one in nine children will die prematurely of tobacco-related illnesses.  Tobacco is the leading preventable cause of death in Maine, responsible for almost 2,500 deaths a year. Direct medical costs of treating tobacco-related illnesses in Maine are about $200 million. Indirect costs--the costs associated with lost work time, higher insurance premiums and so forth--are also estimated to be about $200 million.  These numbers speak for themselves. The status quo is simply unacceptable. If we are to put an end to this tragic and preventable epidemic, we must accelerate our efforts not only to help more smokers quit but also to discourage young people from ever lighting up in the first place.  I found one fact in a recent Maine survey of smoking habits to be particularly disturbing. The smoking rate among young girls in my State has increased by 30 percent since 1993. I think that this advertisement gives us a good clue why. It is a blatant and shameless attempt by the tobacco industry to entice young girls, to entice teenagers to smoke. With more than 1,000 of the tobacco industries' best customers dying every day and another 3,000 to 5,000 quitting because of health concerns, smokers are literally a dying breed. As a consequence, the tobacco industry must hook thousands of new customers each day just to break even, and is now spending over $5 billion a year on advertising and promotional campaigns.  The tobacco industry actually claims that it does not target image-conscious young people with its advertisements featuring rugged Marlboro men and fresh-faced, model thin, ``You can do it'' young women. But, Mr. President, the evidence clearly proves otherwise. Just look again at this magazine ad. It is very typical, very typical of cigarette advertising. This ad is not aimed at people my age. It certainly is not aimed at people my parent's age. There can be no doubt it is not aimed at adults at all. It is aimed at teenagers.  Moreover, internal industry documents indicate that tobacco companies have long known that tobacco use leads to addiction, serious illness, and death. Yet, they nevertheless continue to pursue children, to target teens through ads and promotional campaigns, and have even gone so far as to consider marketing Coca-Cola-flavored cigarettes.  A landmark 1991 study published in the Journal of American Medical Association showed that cigarette-smoking ``Smooth Joe'' Camel was as recognizable to 6-year-olds as Mickey Mouse. Let me repeat that. Joe Camel was as recognizable to 6-year-olds as Mickey Mouse. The tobacco industry claimed the ads were, in fact, directed at adults. A second study found that 98 percent of the 12- to 19-year-olds recognized Joe Camel, compared to just 72 percent of adults. As a result, Camel's market share among underage consumers rose from less than 1 percent when the Joe Camel campaign first began, to 33 percent when he was finally put out to pasture.  More recent studies published in JAMA and elsewhere add further weight to the mounting evidence that advertising and marketing are the linchpins of the tobacco industry's efforts to hook children on nicotine. A February 1998 JAMA study found that the effect of tobacco advertising and promotional activities is ``strong and specific,'' with at least 34 percent of all experimentation with cigarettes by teenagers attributable to those activities.  Moreover, a 1995 article in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute found that tobacco marketing has a greater influence over a teen's decision to smoke than whether or not their parents smoke or their peers smoke.  Other studies have shown that the cigarette brands most popular with teenagers are the ones most likely to advertise in magazines with the highest youth readership. Moreover, unlike adults, the vast majority of young smokers prefer the most heavily advertised brands of cigarettes.  It is also far too easy for children and teens in the United States to purchase cigarettes. During hearings in the Labor Committee, we heard testimony that children living in 99 percent of our cities and towns have very little trouble walking into a store and buying a pack of cigarettes, despite the fact that it is against the law in all 50 States to sell tobacco products to minors.  Mr. President, during this debate, we have focused a great deal of attention on the $1.10-a-pack fee that the McCain bill imposes on cigarettes. Some have argued today that is simply too low and that an increase to $1.50 or more a pack is necessary if we are going to curb underage smoking. Others--and Iinclude myself in this group--are concerned that the evidence linking teen usage and price is not conclusive. Moreover, I am very concerned that a price increase of this magnitude is highly regressive and will fall mainly on adult smokers earning less than $30,000 a year. If we were to increase the cost by the $1.50 that was proposed, it would have meant that the average couple who smoke would be paying $712 more a year in taxes. That is a very hefty tax increase on low-income Americans.  Mr. President, at some point, raising the tax on cigarettes ceases to contribute to the reduction of smoking and becomes little more than an act of financial cruelty. Tobacco is highly addictive and there are people, perhaps many people, who will not be able to quit smoking even with an additional tax of $1.50 or more.  There is a point at which the tendency of the U.S. Senate to play God in the lives of the American people becomes dangerous. The notion that we can cure addictions by creating enough deprivation for those who are addicted is a very arrogant one. If we are wrong, we do nothing more than inflict suffering on those who do not deserve it.  While I respect the motives of its supporters, I could not, and did not, back an amendment that carries such a risk and that is not truly needed to fund the antismoking programs included in this bill. Those of us who legislate must draw lines, and recognizing that I am far from infallible, I believe that a tax of $1.50 per pack crosses that line. If our purpose is to inflict pain, it should be on those who profit from the addiction and not on those who suffer from it. That is why I shall vote to support the amendment offered by my friend and colleague from New Hampshire to eliminate the immunity protections afforded to the tobacco industry by this bill.  My view on the $1.50-a-pack tax proposal has been strongly reinforced by conversations I have had in recent weeks with young people in my State in an attempt to find out what the true experts--our teenagers--believe would be most effective in stopping teens from smoking in the first place. I have asked this question to, among others, a seventh grader from Portland, a Boy Scout troop in Dover-Foxcroft, high school students in Aroostook, and a teen smoker in Bangor. Significantly, none of these teens felt that a price increase would be the most effective means of discouraging teens from smoking.  As the addicted Bangor teen told me, ``I can't quit, so what  I'll do is cut back on going to the movies or going to McDonald's in order to pay for cigarettes.''  Another teen told me that many students get their cigarettes by stealing them from their parents, so unless their parents stopped smoking, their access to cigarettes will be unaffected.  Alex Pringle, a seventh grader from Portland, suggested that having smokers who are suffering from lung cancer or other smoking-related diseases come to schools would be the most effective means of discouraging kids from smoking. It would effectively make the link between smoking and illness, a link that is too often unrecognizable to teens who believe themselves to be invulnerable.  Teens throughout the State told me that they smoked simply because it was ``cool'' or because it helped them feel more accepted by their friends. From their comments, I have no doubt that the tobacco industry's ads, such as the one I have displayed today, have sent a clear message to teens that teens who smoke are cool. I also have no doubt that when teens see movie idols such as Leonardo DeCaprio smoke, that message is, unfortunately, reinforced.  That is why the educational, counteradvertising, and research programs funded by this legislation, as well as the advertising restrictions, are so critical to our efforts to sever the deadly connection between teens and tobacco.  Earlier this year, I joined Senators Jim Jeffords and Mike Enzi in introducing the Preventing Addiction to Smoking Among Teens, or the PAST Act, which adopts a comprehensive approach to preventing teens from smoking. The bill gave clear and comprehensive authority to the FDA to regulate tobacco products and incorporated the FDA's recommendations on combating teen smoking, such as strong warning labels, a ban on vending machine sales, a ban on outdoor advertising and brand name sponsorship of sporting events, and prohibition on the use of images like Joe Camel and the Marlboro man. The legislation also held tobacco companies accountable by imposing stiff financial penalties if the smoking rate among children does not decline.  Moreover, the legislation incorporates strong measures to ensure that restrictions on youth access to tobacco products are tough and enforceable, and it promoted the development of State and local community action programs designed not only to educate the public on the hazards of tobacco and addiction, but also to promote the prevention and cessation of the use of tobacco products. We need to focus on cessation programs. They are an important part of this bill.  It also called for a comprehensive, tobacco-related research program to study the nature of addiction, the effects of nicotine on the body, and ways to change behavior, particularly that of children and teens. We don't know enough about addiction yet.  And finally, and very important, it called for a national public education campaign to deglamorize the use of tobacco products to discourage teens from smoking.  Mr. President, we have made tremendous progress in recent years in making our streets safer from alcohol-impaired drivers. This was accomplished not only through tough drunk-driving laws, but also through a very effective national advertising campaign waged by Mothers Against Drunk Driving and others that has resulted in a change in our Nation's attitudes toward drinking and driving. This is the approach that we need to take to curb teen smoking.  The legislation we are considering this week contains many of the public health provisions that were included in the PAST Act. While the legislation before us tonight is not perfect and will undoubtedly face many more amendments during Senate consideration, it does give us a critical opportunity to address the teen smoking epidemic in a strong and comprehensive way.  I yield the floor.  