President, the time has come to strike an important blow for our democracy by making some limited, but urgently needed, repairs to our campaign finance laws.  Mr. President, the legislation currently pending before this body is dramatically different from the original McCain-Feingold bill, which I cosponsored and supported. It does not seek to radically alter how we finance our campaigns. Indeed, I submit that it does not alter at all the basic framework that Congress established more than two decades ago.  Nevertheless, Mr. President, the bill before us today is vitally important.  Before us today is a bill designed to close election law loopholes that undermine the protections the American people were promised in the aftermath of Watergate. Unlike the prior version of the bill, it will not make new reforms to our campaign finance system. Rather, it will merely restore prior reforms.  Let me be more specific, Mr. President. Gone from S. 25 are the provisions intended to create a different system for financing campaigns. Gone are the voluntary limits on campaign spending. Gone is the free TV time. Gone is the discounted TV time. Gone is the reduction in PAC limits.  Most of these reforms continue to be very important, and they are reforms to which I remain personally committed. But in the interest of securing action on the major abuses in the current system, we, the proponents of the McCain-Feingold proposal, have agreed to significant compromises.  What, then, is left? The principal purpose of today's bill is to close two immense loopholes that have recently been exploited to evade the restrictions and the requirements of current law. I refer, of course, to soft-money contributions and bogus issue ads.  It is fair to ask whether these are, in fact, loopholes or whether they are practices that were contemplated when our election laws were enacted in the 1970s. To be more specific, when Congress put a $1,000 limit on campaign contributions, was it intended that individuals could make unlimited contributions to political parties that, often following a circuitous route, would wind up financing ads clearly designed to help or to harm particular candidates? Clearly, Mr. President, the answer is no. Similarly, when Congress established political action committees as a legitimate and needed mechanism for unions, corporations, and other groups to contribute to campaigns, did it intend that these entities could nevertheless also make unlimited expenditures for political attack ads as long as certain words were avoided and some reference, however flimsy, was made to an issue? Again, the answer to this question is obviously no, and history bears out this conclusion.  Go back to the early 1980s when soft money was used only for party overhead and organization expenses, and you will find that contributions totaled only a few million dollars. By contrast, in the last election cycle, when soft money took on its current role, these contributions exceeded $250 million.  Bogus issue ads were such a small element in the past, that it is impossible to find reliable estimates on the amounts expended on them. Unfortunately, that is no longer the case, and these expenditures have now become worthy of study. The most prominent of these studies estimates that as much as $150 million was spent on bogus issue ads in 1995 and 1996.  Mr. President, simple logic also shows that soft money, as it is currently used, and bogus issue ads could not have been intended by those who drafted our election laws. There would have been little purpose in limiting contributions to candidates if unlimited money could be given to parties to run ads effectively promoting those candidates. There would have been little purpose in placing monetary limits on contributions to and by PACs, as well as subjecting them to reporting requirements, if the entities for which they were designed could avoid all of that by simply running issue ads.  Mr. President, some may still ask whether any of this matters. Why should we be concerned if the campaign contribution limits have been rendered a sham by unlimited soft-money donations? Why should we care if the PAC safeguards have been eviscerated by bogus issue ads?  Starting with soft money, one need only consider the situation of the Hudson Band of Chippewa Indians, an impoverished tribe in the State of Wisconsin. Mr. President, this tribe has every reason to believe and every reason to suspect that the denial of their casino application was driven by the expectation of large soft-money donations by the wealthy tribes who opposed them.  Allowing such unlimited contributions subverts the proper operation of government or at least creates the appearance that it has been subverted. It is a sign of how extensive the corrupting effect has become that even Native Americans believe they must play the soft money to participate in our democracy.  The situation with bogus issue ads is not better. That practice undermines the two major objectives of our election laws, namely, placing limits on contributions and disclosing the identity of those making the contributions. Without such disclosure, we lose accountability. A recent study found that as accountability in political communications declines, levels of misinformation and deceit rise. Thus, it is no surprise that bogus issue ads almost always carry a negative message, something which all in this body purport to decry. The question is--are we willing to do something about it?  In my view, it is imperative that we do something real about these problems. Mr. President, I spent much of my first year as a Member of this body listening to endless hours of testimony before the Governmental Affairs Committee about the campaign finance practices in the 1996 elections. While reasonable people can disagree on the solutions, those hearings demonstrated beyond any doubt that the current system is in shambles precisely as a result of the loopholes I have described.  Mr. President, let me briefly comment on the argument that S. 25 would violate the first amendment. I personally do not believe that to be the case, but more important, there are scores of constitutional scholars who support that conclusion. But the reality is that we can play the game of dueling law professors forever, and it will not resolve the issue.  We are dealing with an area of great uncertainty. Indeed, in the seminal case of Buckley v. Valeo, a majority of the Supreme Court Justices could not agree on a single opinion. On the subject of what constitutes issue advocacy, Federal Courts of Appeals have handed down conflicting decisions. Thus, no member of this body can say with certainty how the Supreme Court will decide the issue. Our role is to craft election laws that strengthen our democracy, knowing that the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court alone will ultimately determine the constitutionality of our actions.  It is also essential to eliminate two myths about this bill. It will not stop any American, whether acting as an individual or as part of a group, from running ads advocating for or against a position on any issue. It will also not stop any American, whether acting as an individual or as part of a group, from advocating for or against the election of a candidate, as long as the contribution limits and reporting requirements of our election laws are satisfied. Statements to the contrary are false, and their constant repetition does not make them true.  Let me close, Mr. President, by returning to my original point. When I ran for a seat in this body, I advocated a major overhaul in our campaign finance laws. Regrettably, that goal must await another day. The challenge before us today is far more modest. Are we prepared to close loopholes that subvert the intent of the election laws that we enacted more than two decades ago? Are we willing to restore to theAmerican people the campaign finance system that rightfully belongs to them?  I sincerely hope, Mr. President, that at the end of this debate, the answer will be yes and that the Senate will take an initial step on the road to restoring public trust in government.  I yield the floor.  