President, I am pleased to join with my colleagues, Senators Jeffords and Enzi in introducing the Preventing Addiction to Smoking Among Teens Act.  Tobacco is the No. 1 preventable cause of death in the United States, accounting for more than 400,000 deaths a year and more than $50 billion in health care costs. Clearly the single most effective thing we can do to improve our Nation's health and control health care costs is to stop smoking.  While recent headlines detailing the settlement of multimillion dollar lawsuits against the tobacco industry might delude us into thinking that we are winning the war against tobacco, the facts tell a far different story. Despite extensive public health campaigns linking smoking to heart disease and cancer, smoking rates are actually going up, particularly among our young people. Tragically, addiction is increasingly a ``teen-onset'' disease: in fact, Mr. President, 90 percent of all smokers began smoking before age 21,  What is particularly alarming is that children, especially girls, are smoking at younger and younger ages. Smoking is at a 19-year high among high school seniors and has increased over 35 percent among eighth graders and 43 percent among tenth graders over the last 7 years.  Moreover, of the 3,000 teens who enter the ranks of ``regular smokers'' every day, one-third will die tobacco-related deaths. Mr. President, I am very proud of many of the accomplishments and achievements of my great State of Maine, but there is one area where we do need to do much, much better. The sad fact is that my State of Maine has the dubious distinction of having the highest smoking rate among people age 18 to 34 in the entire United States. In Maine, almost 40 percent of high school students smoke. They purchase 1.4 million packs of cigarettes illegally each year. If this trend continues, more than 31,000 young people in Maine currently under the age of 18 will die prematurely from tobacco-related diseases. If we are to put an end to this tragic yet preventable epidemic, we must accelerate our efforts not only to help more smokers to quit, but also to discourage young people from ever lighting up in the first place.  The Preventing Addiction to Smoking Among Teens Act, which we are introducing today, adopts a comprehensive approach to prevent teens from smoking and builds upon and improves the public health components of the tobacco settlement announced last summer. It is not designed to deal with every question and every issue raised by the settlement. Rather, it focuses on what I believe should be the prime goal of any tobacco settlement, and that is to reduce teen smoking.  Among its provisions, this legislation gives clear and comprehensive authority to the FDA to regulate tobacco products and their components. The tobacco industry will have to turn over all--all--of its documents to the FDA related to cigarette research and health, and the FDA will be able to require the companies to reduce or to eliminate harmful ingredients or to require safer technological improvements through informal rulemaking. Moreover, after 10 years, the FDA could can propose an outright ban oncigarettes or smokeless tobacco products. However, should such a prohibition be required or undertaken, it would require congressional approval. I think that is appropriate. I think that a decision of that magnitude should come back to Congress.  In my judgment, these provisions represent a marked improvement over last summer's proposed tobacco settlement. The settlement has been criticized for requiring the Food and Drug Administration to go through an arduous formal rulemaking process. Moreoever, unlike the tobacco settlement, our bill does not require the FDA to prove the absence of a black market--which critics have rightly pointed out would be impossible--in order to regulate a product. Finally, to provide the resources necessary for their expanded regulatory powers, the bill requires the FDA to assess a ``user fee'' of $100 million annually on all manufacturers selling FDA-regulated tobacco products in the United States.  The bill also incorporates very important recommendations on combating teenage smoking. It calls for strong warning labels. It calls for a ban on vending machine sales that make tobacco products so available to teenagers, it would ban outdoor advertising and the brand-name sponsorship of sporting events, and it would prohibit the use of images like Joe Camel and the Marlboro Man.  It also, Mr. President, holds the tobacco companies accountable by imposing stiff financial penalties if the smoking rate among children does not decline by 30 percent in 5 years, 50 percent in 7 years, and 60 percent in 10 years. Moreover, under our bill, there is no cap on penalties, and the price goes up the more the companies miss the targets. These are very important, tough new improvements over the proposed settlement.  Our bill incorporates strong measures to ensure that restrictions on youth access to tobacco products are tough and enforceable. It promotes the development of State and community action programs designed to educate the public on addiction and the hazards of tobacco use and to promote the prevention and the cessation of cigarette smoking.  It calls for a national public education campaign to deglamorize the use of tobacco products and to discourage young kids from smoking. And finally, it calls for a comprehensive tobacco related research program to study the nature of addiction, the effects of nicotine on the body, and how to change behavior, particularly that of children and teens.  Mr. President, I believe that the legislation we are introducing today can serve as a basis for broad, bipartisan support to deal with the public health issues that should serve as the foundation for any national health policy in this area.  I look forward to working with Chairman Jeffords, Senator Enzi, and my other colleagues on the Labor Committee as Congress deals with this important issue.  