President, I join the senior Senator from the State of Maine, Senator Snowe, in urging my colleagues to enact H.R. 629, legislation that would ratify the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact, also known as the Texas Compact.  In entering into an agreement for the disposal of low-level radioactive waste, the States of Maine, Texas, and Vermont followed the direction established by the Congress in the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act and its 1985 amendments. That legislation contemplated that states would form agreements of this nature for the disposal of low-level waste, and thus, by ratifying the compact, Congress will be completing a process that it set in motion.  Mr. President, since 1985 Congress has ratified nine compacts involving 41 states. Put differently, 82 of the 100 members of this body live in states with compacts that have been ratified by the Senate, and with the approval of the Texas Compact, that number will rise to 88. In short, what Maine, Texas, and Vermont are seeking today has already been routinely granted to the vast majority of the states.  While the disposal of radioactive waste is bound to generate controversy, this agreement has been overwhelmingly approved by the Legislatures of the three compacting states, signed by their governors, and in the case of Maine, endorsed by the voters in a referendum. This is consistent with the congressional determination that the states bear responsibility for the disposal of low-level radioactive waste, and that in the interest of limiting the number of disposal sites, they work together to carry out this responsibility. Indeed, ratification by Congress is necessitated only because state-imposed limitations on the importation of waste would otherwise violate the Commerce Clause.  Mr. President, a member of this body has criticized the proposed disposal site to be established pursuant to this compact. Apart from the fact that the location of the site is a matter for the states to determine, that criticism is unsupported by the facts.  In the selection of the proposed site in Hudspeth County, Texas, there was extensive public involvement, as well as thorough environmental and technical reviews. Hudspeth County was found to have the two critical characteristics for a disposal site, namely, very little rainfall and very low population density. Indeed, the county is the size of the State of Connecticut and has a population of only 2800 people.  While some may wish to use this legislation to pursue a larger ideological agenda, it does not square with the facts. The choice of Hudspeth County had nothing to do with who lives there; it had everything to do with the fact that very few people live there.  Mr. President, this body has been presented with nine low-level radioactive waste compacts. It has ratified each one without change. In keeping with congressionally established policyfor the disposal of low-level waste, Maine, Texas, and Vermont are seeking the same treatment.  