President, I am delighted to be joining Maine's senior Senator and a number of my other colleagues in sponsoring an amendment to the FY 98 Defense/Disaster Supplemental Appropriations bill that will provide $260 million in additional funding for HUD's Community Development Block Grant program.  This money is urgently needed to assist the people of my State recover from the worst natural disaster in Maine history. I refer, of course, to the unprecedented Ice Storm that began, innocently enough, as a light rain on the morning of January 7, 1998 and ended four days later with our State encased in as much as 10 inches of solid ice. The additional CDBG funding will help not only Maine, but New York and Vermont as well, rebuild the electric infrastructure of our three states.  I want to pay a special thanks to the Chairman of the Appropriations Committee, to the Chairman of the Subcommittee on VA, HUD, and Independent Agencies, and to all of the Committee members for recognizing the harm caused by the Ice Storm and for providing a mechanism whereby we can secure sorely needed aid. Their cooperation is greatly appreciated by the people of Maine.  Mr. President, the Ice Storm of 1998 was unlike anything Maine had ever seen. Having grown up in the most northern part of the State, I know something about ice and snow. But this was less like a storm and more like a carefully targeted and highly effective attack on our electric transmission and distribution system. The damageto that system in Maine alone was $81 million, a formidable sum for the ratepayers of a small state.  Mr. President, there is an erroneous belief in some quarters that because the CDBG money would be used to rebuild the electric infrastructure of investor owned utilities, it will benefit a private corporation and its shareholders. That is not the case. Under the law, a utility earning less than its allowed rate of return, as is the situation with the two Maine utilities, is constitutionally entitled to pass along prudently incurred costs to its ratepayers. And there can be little doubt that the cost of rebuilding the system by which electricity is delivered to our homes and businesses is not only a prudent cost, but indeed, a cost that must be incurred.  Let me make this point somewhat differently. Without federal help, the money to rebuild the system will not come from corporate coffers. It will not come from the pockets of company executives. It will not come from the dividends or equity of shareholders.  Who will bear the expense? It will be the elderly widow who heats her mobile home with electricity and is already struggling to pay her bills. It will be the small company that uses electricity in its manufacturing process and is already fighting an uphill battle because its power costs are 40% above the national average. Indeed, it will be virtually all Maine's ratepayers, who because we all use electricity, are really the same as Maine's taxpayers. That makes them the very people who have paid their fair share to help defray the costs of natural disasters that have struck other regions.  Mr. President, let me dispel another potential misconception. This assistance will not result in special treatment for the citizens of Maine, New York, and Vermont, but rather put them on an equal footing with people in other parts of the country.  To be more specific, it is well established that federal emergency aid can be made available to municipally owned utilities and electric cooperatives. Some might argue that ours is a different situation, in that we are dealing with investor owned utilities. Once again, that argument would make sense if the utility stood to benefit from the relief. But it is the ratepayers who will be assisted by this amendment, and there is no reason why the victims of a natural disaster should be helped if they are customers of a municipal utility or an electric cooperative but not if they are customers of an investor owned utility.  Mr. President, in the case at hand, the utilities are really like the post office. They deliver the bills; they do not pay them. Without the CDBG money made available through this amendment, the people who will pay are those to whom the bills will ultimately come--the ordinary citizens of Maine, New York, and Vermont. And since, unlike a progressive tax system, electric rates are not based on income, those who will be hurt the most will be those least able to afford it.  Let me also emphasize that to use the money provided by this amendment to rebuild our electric infrastructure does not require legislation to authorize a new type of spending. That authority is already found in existing HUD regulations. To quote the relevant language,       CDBG funds may be used to acquire, construct, reconstruct,      rehabilitate, or install the distribution lines of privately      owned utilities. . . .  In short, this amendment provides the funds to carry out an already existing program under circumstances where that program is urgently needed by the citizens of our three states.  To give my colleagues a better understanding of the source of that need, I would offer a description of the storm not in my words but in the words of ``The President's Action Plan for Recovery from the January 1998 Ice Storm.''       The storms of January 1998 will not soon be forgotten. . .      . While ice storms are not uncommon to the region, the system      that battered the . . . region in early January was      unprecedented. Below-freezing temperatures combined with      record rainfall to cover an area extending from Western New      York to Maine with solid ice. . . .       The results were staggering. Massive tree limbs shattered      under the weight of the ice, choking roads and trails with      wood debris. Power lines snapped, leaving communities without      electrical power in bone chilling temperatures. At the height      of the crisis, nearly 500,000 homes and businesses were      without electric power.Of greatest significance is the following observation in the President's report: ``The single most critical concern is the loss of electric power caused by the storm.''  Let me supplement the description in the President's report with facts from Maine. For at least some part of the storm, more than 800,000 people, or seven our of every ten of our residents, lost power. In most instances, they went without electricity for days, lasting in some cases as long as two weeks. When you contemplate this, keep in mind that it occurred in the dead of winter--not a Washington winter but a Maine winter.  The storm spared no one. Not homes, not businesses, not public buildings. Schools across the southern half of the State closed, causing some to cancel their winter vacations to make up part of the lost time. Even the National Weather Service in Gray, Maine lost power for more than a week, during which time it struggled mightily to track weather developments with a less than fully reliable generator. For many, the experience was like the movie, ``The Day the Earth Stood Still.'' Only it lasted far more than a day and occurred during the most difficult time of year.  The restoration of power involved a monumental effort taking 17 days. Twelve hundred utility crews from as far away as Nova Scotia, North Carolina, and Michigan were sent to Maine to help with the effort. Approximately 3000 utility poles and three million feet of electric cable had to be replaced. All of the poles in one ten-mile stretch were down, cutting off power to a large section of a rural county. In the words of Maine's Governor, it seemed like a huge monster had walked across the state deliberately stepping on all of the electric lines in its path.  As if guided by a perverse force, the Ice Storm of 1998 struck a region with some of the highest electric prices in the country. The rates in both Maine and the affected areas of New York are 40% above the national average. Thus, without this federal assistance, the rebuilding costs will fall on some of our country's most heavily burdened ratepayers.  Some of the areas hit by the storm were already economically distressed. Indeed, looking at the entire region, one observer has concluded that the victims of the storm were predominantly persons of low and moderate income who, even without increased electric rates, have been seriously harmed by this disaster.  Mr. President, the two utilities serving the areas affected by the storm in Maine are not wealthy. Indeed, one has been wrestling with serious money problems, and the financial performance of the other has been mediocre at best.  Furthermore, while they are private companies, they are also public utilities. When the ice storm hit, they could not shut down operations. They could not leave the state until times were better. To the contrary, they had a legal and moral obligation to do whatever it took to restore power to people desperately in need of electricity. While their performance will ultimately be judged by the State Public Utilities Commission, there is no evidence that they made anything less than a maximum effort to discharge their public responsibility.  Under these circumstances, should the utilities be able to recover from the ratepayers the cost of rebuilding Maine's electric infrastructure? I would be hard pressed to say that would be an unreasonable result, but in the final analysis, my opinion is irrelevant. What matters, and the only thing that matters, is that the law mandates such a result.  Mr. President, on a comparative basis, Maine is not affluent, but its people have a generous spirit. They believe in helping their neighbors, whether those neighbors live across the street or 3000 miles away.  They have gladly paid their fair share to help their neighbors in California recover from earthquakes, to help their neighbors in the Midwest recover from floods, and to help their neighbors in the Southeast recover from hurricanes. Their generosity has to not been limited to money, as they have sent men and women to fight forest fires in the Northwest. They havenot split hairs over the precise source or nature of the harm. As long as the ultimate victims of a disaster have been ordinary citizens like themselves, they have stood ready to help.  Mr. Chairman, the situation has changed, and we are now the neighbor in need of assistance. By making funds available to help us defray the costs of rebuilding our electric infrastructure, our neighbors will be treating us as we have treated them.  