President, the matter of NATO expansion is perhaps the single most important foreign policy or defense issue to come before Congress this year. Because of the complexity of the issues involved, the importance of this decision, and its implications for our relationship with Russia, I have not rushed to judgment on this subject. Today, however, I would like to explain why after careful consideration, I have decided to support NATO expansion.  The past half-century has shown the cardinal importance of American engagement in European affairs. Throughout the Cold War, our involvement in Europe, principally through NATO, helped provide a crucial framework of peace and stability in which the countries of Europe have been able to develop--giving them breathing room in which to leave behind wartime devastation and grow into prosperous trading partners and allies. Today, of course, the Cold War has ended. The importance of U.S. involvement in Europe, however, has not.  With the end of the continent's artificial division along the inter-German frontier into hostile ideological blocks, the meaning of ``Europe'' has changed and its role in the world has evolved. If they are to have relevance in this new post-Cold War era, institutions built around Europe's previous divisions must also evolve, or else face creeping irrelevance. NATO may not be important to the world in precisely the way it used to be--as a breakwater against Soviet expansionism--but the cooperative security arrangements it embodies remain vital to European stability and to world peace.  Mr. President, NATO stands without peer in modern times as an institution capable of effective, coordinated international action in times of crisis. More important still, however, is the Alliance's much more quiet, everyday role as the ultimate underwriter of European peace, providing a supportive framework within which allied democracies can successfully consolidate themselves after difficult periods of transition and become valuable friends and partners in the best sense of these words. NATO expansion to incorporate the newly-liberated countries of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic will help ensure that the Alliance remains an important guarantor of continental peace and stability in the years to come--and that America continues to play an engaged and productive role in European security.  I do not mean to suggest that NATO expansion has no costs, or that I am entirely sanguine about its potential implications.  I have been extremely concerned both about the anticipated financial costs of NATO expansion and about its potential impact upon U.S.-Russian relations.  With regard to the costs of NATO to the American taxpayer, I have discussed my concerns with both Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright. In particular, I have been very concerned about the great variation in cost estimates given during the last year or so, estimates that have ranged from a total of $35 billion, or even more, over the next 10 years to a total cost of a relatively small $1.5 billion, with the United States share of that $1.5 billion being approximately $400 million.  As both Secretary Cohen and Secretary Albright have pointed out to me, the highest estimates anticipated expanding NATO to four countries, rather than three, and were not based on information now available about the condition of Eastern Europe's military infrastructure. I am thus greatly encouraged by NATO's most up-to-date financial estimates which were based upon an intensive country-by-country survey of the Polish, Czech and Hungarian defense establishments.  This latest study, the methodology of which has been endorsed by the General Accounting Office as well as by the Department of Defense, indicates that the likely costs of NATO expansion are much lower than had been previously estimated.  Mr. President, this study does not pull the wool over anyone's eyes. The shrinkage of the official cost estimates since early 1997, in fact, represents movement along a learning curve, and the pleasant surprise of discovering, after much analysis, that Eastern European militaries are in much better shape than previously thought is largely responsible for much of the change in the estimate.  There will certainly be costs to military modernization in Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, but most of these expenses will be borne by the new member countries themselves. Of the remainder, we will share the burden with our present NATO allies through our proportional contributions to the NATO common fund. All told, these expenses will not be significant compared to the benefits we will all reap from ensuring NATO's continuing role in securing European peace and security and stability.  With respect to U.S.-Russian relations, I have also been encouraged by the progress of our extensive Partnership for Peace Program with Moscow and of our mutual efforts to ensure that Russia's decaying strategic nuclear infrastructure remains secure against terrorism, theft and accident. Today, Russian and NATO diplomats sit together to discuss mutual concerns on a permanent joint council convened for this purpose. U.S. nuclear experts work very closely with Russian authorities in protecting the security of Russia's nuclear establishment.  Significantly, these crucial cooperative efforts with Russia have continued and even accelerated as NATO expansion has become more imminent. Most recently, the Russian Government announced in mid-April that it will push very hard to persuade the Duma to ratify START II strategic arms reduction agreement with the United States. These are not the hallmarks of a government preparing for a ``new cold war'' if Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic join our alliance. To the contrary, U.S.-Russian relations have been growing warmer, even as NATO has been preparing to expand.  I look forward, in fact, to seeing Eastern Europe develop a whole new continuum of productive relationships with the United States and the West, links that range from formal NATO military ties to expanded Partnership for Peace relations, to ever more important economic and cultural ties.  The Europe of the 21st century will not be one of haves and have-nots when it comes to transnational ties. Rather, it will be a Europe bound together in a mutually reinforcing web of different but complementary relationships stretching across the entire spectrum of public affairs. This is a Europe to which we should look forward with eager anticipation, and it is one in the creation of which NATO expansion to Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic can play an important role.  It is for these reasons, Mr. President, that after careful consideration and much deliberation I shall cast my vote in favor of NATO expansion. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  