President.  All of us agree that medically necessary patient care should never be sacrificed to the bottom line, and that medical decisionmaking should remain in the hands of medical professionals, and not in the hands of accountants. The question is, how can we best achieve that goal? Is the answer, as the Senator from Massachusetts suggests, massive new Federal regulations, mandates, and a preemption of the State's traditional role to regulate insurance? Or is the answer to trust the private-sector organizations that have made great progress in improving the quality of health care plans? Or is, perhaps, the answer somewhere in between? Is the answer carefully crafted, minimal Federal legislation that supports the efforts in the private sector?  The reason this issue is so important is because we don't want to take a misguided step in the name of improving quality and end up making health insurance unaffordable for millions of Americans.  The Lewin Group recently released an important study that deserves the attention of all of our colleagues. It estimates that every 1 percent increase in private insurance premiums results in an additional 400,000 Americans who become uninsured. A 1 percent increase in costs brings 400,000 additional uninsured Americans.  Health insurance rates are already projected to increase by more than 5 percent in 1998. In fact, the Los Angeles Times reported earlier this week that California's largest HMO was seeking an 11 percent increase in some rates. Therefore, we face an extremely delicate balancing act as we attempt to respond to concerns about quality without resorting to unduly burdensome Federal Government controls and mandates that will further drive up the cost of insurance and reduce access. Furthermore, we want to make certain that our efforts actually improve the quality of health care and not simply increase the amount of Federal regulation.  Under the leadership of the Senator from Oklahoma, I serve on the Republican health quality task force. We recently heard from the director of the Mayo Clinic, who voiced their own reservations about the Federal Government's ability to regulate quality. To quote Dr. Bob Waller:       Quality is a continuous process that must be woven into the      fabric of how we think, act and feel. Government regulation      places a stake in the ground that freezes in place a quality      standard that may become obsolete very quickly. The      Government simply cannot react quickly to the changing      quality environment. The goal of quality is to continuously      improve patient care--not to achieve some defined regulatory      objective.  Congress, in its haste to do good, should take care not to violate the first principle of medicine, which is, ``first of all, do no harm.'' Congress should not be acting precipitously, but rather should engage in a thoughtful and thorough debate on how best to ensure that Americans continue to enjoy the highest quality health care in the world. The amendment offered by the assistant majority leader adopts a reasoned, balanced approach to improving health care quality. All of us should be able to agree, as the amendment states, that Congress should not do anything to make health insurance unaffordable for working families and to increase the number of uninsured Americans.  