Yet it does more than just continue this tradition; it builds upon our experiences and moves us forward--improving our education and training programs. S. 1186 will provide better opportunities for America's citizens to get the skills they, as individuals, need to obtain work and that America's businesses need to retain their competitive edge in the global economy.  S. 1186 is a commitment to meeting the challenges faced by America to produce the workforce that we need for the 21st century. It incorporates almost seventy categorical programs and builds an integrated workforce system as a replacement for the current group of fragmented or duplicative programs.  The vocational education section is particularly significant in its emphasis on the inclusion of a strong academic component in vocational education assuring that students in vocational programs receive the strongest possible education and the broadest possible base on which to build careers. It requires the states to explain how duplication will be avoided, and how the activities of related programs will be coordinated. Finally it requires the establishment of rigorous performance measures of both state and local progress toward concrete goals.  The job training components will lead to more comprehensive and efficient state systems for workforce development with linkages to strengthen welfare to work activities. It gives greater authority and flexibility to the states in the way each responds to the education and training needs of its citizens and its business community. For example, under S. 1186, a governor in a state with a ``Work-Flex'' program can waive requirements that prevent a local workforce area from responding efficiently to local needs. It allows governors to consolidate administrative funds and state reserve funds from different funding streams to coordinate and manage the use of these funds for a state's priorities.  The Workforce Investment Partnership Act will also encourage efforts by the states to improve the integration of previously separate programs, a change that is especially welcome in Maine where extensive efforts are already underway to coordinate the efforts of the vocational high schools, the technical colleges, adult education and job training programs and vocational rehabilitation. This streamlining and integration of federal programs will support Maine's priorities in this area.  I am especially pleased that the bill includes incentive grants that will reward states that exceed their goals and will support states in the development of innovative programs tailored to their own needs. This will result in new models and methods for vocational education and job training. The incentive grants should encourage the states to move toward the important goal of improved integration of vocational education, adult education and job training.  This bill also incorporates the Rehabilitation Act, which I cosponsored. In doing so it provides important links between vocational rehabilitation and a state's workforce system. It simplifies the access of persons with disabilities to vocational rehabilitation services and streamlines the administration of these services.  The Workforce Investment Partnership Act challenges each state to improve the vocational education and vocational rehabilitation that it provides to its citizens, to be sure that its vocational and job training programs respond to and anticipate the changing demands of the economy, and that it fosters programs helping those on welfare move to work. This bill will help the states turn these challenges into opportunities.  