President, I rise in support of the amendment to preserve the state statute of limitations for cases removed to Federal court under this legislation.  I intend to vote for this bill. But in doing so, I think it important to be straightforward about what S. 1260 does. This is a bill that preempts state law. Specifically, it preempts securities antifraud statutes for certain types of class action cases.  I generally oppose preemption, as I think it overlooks the considerable wisdom that exists at the local level. Not without some measure of discomfort, I am nonetheless inclined to vote for this bill, because I find considerable merit to the contention that large class-action cases against companies whose securities are sold in the national marketplace may well belong in the Federal courts. Otherwise, Congress' ability to regulate our national securities markets in an era of international investing is arguably impeded.  I feel strongly, however, that if we are going to preempt state law and impose a single federal standard, it must be a fair one, and that is not the case with the federal statute of limitations. Under federal law, a securities fraud suit must be brought within one year of when the fraud was or should have been discovered, but in no instance after more than three years have elapsed.  I served for five years as the head of the Maine department that regulates financial institutions, and I can tell you from personal experience that a three-year limitations period is too short. The reality is that, even with due diligence, some frauds are not discovered within that time frame. Indeed, the very object of a fraud is to deceive the other party to the transaction for as long as possible.  The limited partnership cases of the last decade illustrate my point. The victims of those frauds were largely elderly, largely trusting, and largely lacking in financial sophistication. It is no wonder that in many of those instances, they did not, and even within reasonable care, could not have, discovered the fraud within three years of its commission.  It is not just my opinion that the Federal limitations period is inadequate. The Securities and Exchange Commission has taken the position that the period is too short.  This is an instance in which the Maine Legislature has shown more wisdom than the Federal Government. Under the law of my state, the limitation period is two years from the date the fraud was, or with reasonable care, should have been discovered, with no outside limit. That gives innocent investors the opportunity to obtain redress for fraud as long as they act with reasonable diligence.  I can understand the argument for a single, Federal standard in this area, but I cannot accept preempting a state standard that is far more consistent with reality. While the best remedy would be to change the Federal limitations period for all securities fraud cases, that issue is not before us today. Thus, we should take the next best step, which is to preserve the state statutes for cases that are removed to Federal court under this legislation.  What this amendment will not do is harm high-tech companies. What it will do--maybe not this year or next, but at some point--is to protect innocent, unsuspecting investors, who are victimized by a securities scam that could not reasonably have been discovered within three years. Thus, I urge my colleagues not to wait until we have such victims, but to stop the problem before it occurs by supporting this amendment.  I thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  