Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1965, the Coastal Zone Management Reauthorization Act of 1995, and in particular, the manager's substitute, which has incorporated an important provision on aquaculture. Also I want to thank the chairman of the committee, the gentleman from Alaska [Mr. Young], the gentleman from California [Mr. Miller], and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Studds] for their support of this important provision.  This provision was originally part of H.R. 2046, a bill I introduced this year to authorize States to formulate, administer, and implement strategic plans for marine aquaculture. Indeed, H.R. 2046 was based on previous legislation sponsored in the last Congress by myself and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Studds].  This provision will foster economic growth and create jobs by encouraging aquaculture development in our lakes and coastal areas. Aquaculture represents a promising economic development opportunity for the State of Rhode Island. At the turn of the century, Rhode Island's shellfishermen harvested so much shellfish from Narragansett Bay that this harvest would be worth almost $1 billion in today's dollars.  This provision would enable States like Rhode Island that have no comprehensive plan for aquaculture development to get started in the process of creating jobs and economic development through aquaculture.  It is important to recognize that development of a marine aquaculture industry will not be easy. Difficult issues such as private use of public resources, conflicts with other coastal user groups, and the development of streamlined regulatory and permitting requirements will have to be addressed.  However, other nations around the world have already recognized the potential of aquaculture and the important role government can play in developing this industry. The Governments of Japan, Norway, and Chile are supporting aquaculture development programs and giving their citizens the opportunity to reap the accompanying economic rewards. In fact, these countries are exporting their aquaculture harvests of fish and shellfish to America.   Mr. Speaker, this provision will go a long way in helping States like Rhode Island become competitive in this growing global industry. Again, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Studds] for his strong support of this provision, and I urge my colleagues to join with me in support of the passage of this bill.  