Chairman, I rise to address one of the most important issues facing our Nation: reforming the electoral process. Mr. Chairman, the time has come for real campaign finance reform.  At present, too many Americans believe that our Government is for sale. Watching millions spent on political campaigns, our Nation's citizens see a system that is reserved for the wealthy and dominated by special interests.  These perceptions promote cynicism about government and undermine public faith in Congress. To win back the American people's trust, campaign spending must be broughtunder control and the influence that money wields in our Nation's electoral process must be reduced.  Controlling runaway campaign costs will allow candidates to spend less time raising funds and more time discussing issues with voters. It will also level the playing field for our Nation's ordinary citizens, who now often feel that unless they are wealthy, they cannot realistically compete for public office.  Unfortunately, these goals are nowhere to be found in this Republican bill, which is opposed by nearly every group committed to government reform. United We Stand America has denounced this bill. The League of Women Voters calls it a fraud. Common Cause calls it a total phony and states, ``Any Member who votes for this bill can only be called a Protector of Corruption.''  Why has the Republican bill attracted uniform opposition? Because it ignores the American people's desire for meaningful campaign finance reform that controls the cost of campaigns.  The Republican bill does nothing to limit campaign spending in congressional elections. It does nothing to limit the role of wealthy individuals or increase that of our Nation's working families in elections. It does nothing to limit the excessive spending by political parties that the Supreme Court promoted in its Colorado Republican Party versus FEC decision. It does nothing to close the soft money loophole, which lets special interests pour millions of dollars into campaigns with no accountability.  The American people deserve better than this sham. Today the House should have an open debate on campaign finance reform to find the best answer to this critical issue. However, the Republican majority opposes such full consideration and refuses to allow the Smith-Shays-Meehan bill to reach the House floor.  Since coming to Congress, I have worked for real campaign finance reform. I have supported legislation to place voluntary spending limits on congressional campaigns, cap contributions from special interests and wealthy individuals, and close the soft money loophole. This year, I proudly sign the discharge petition to allow consideration of the Smith-Shays-Meehan bill, and I cosponsored House Joint Resolution 114, which would specifically allow Congress to place reasonable limits on campaign spending.  We need real campaign finance reform. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Republican bill and answer the American people's call to reduce the role of money in our Nation's elections.  