Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to say how pleased I was to be able to work on this legislation with the subcommittee chairman, the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, and I commend the chairman for his fine work here today.  The legislation before us today will permanently reauthorize the Administrative Dispute Resolution Act.  We are all concerned with reducing litigation. The use of alternative dispute resolution techniques--techniques designed to resolve conflicts consensually, generally with the assistance of a neutral third party--can lower the tremendous costs and ease the delays of Government litigation. This benefits the Government, as well as business and private parties.  The original ADR Act got agencies started on the road of using mediation, arbitration, negotiation, and other methods to resolve disputes. We heard excellent testimony at our hearing on the benefits and savings that accrue from the use of alternative dispute resolution.  For example, Joseph McDade, a deputy dispute resolution specialist from the Air Force testified before the Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law that the Air Force had used ADR to resolve more than 1,000 civilian personnel disputes, with a settlement rate close to 80 percent. Likewise, 53 Air Force contracting cases have gone through ADR, and all have been resolved. The Air Force has begun adding ADR clauses to contracts, to ensure that disputes do not drive up acquisition costs.  According to a report of the Administrative Conference of the United States, the Department of Labor used mediation to resolve violations of labor or workplace standards in the Philadelphia region. Eighty-one percent of the cases were settled, usually in a single session, with a cost savings of 7 to 11 percent per case. The cases were resolved months faster than they would have been otherwise.  The FDIC and RTC have mediated disputes among failed financial institutions and saved millions in legal fees--over $13 million in estimated legal costs for the FDIC, and over $115 million for the RTC. The Departments of Health and Human Services and Education have used ADR in grant audits and disputes. ADR is being used increasingly in enforcement disputes. The Attorney General recently directed all civil litigation components within the Department of Justice to develop ADR case selection criteria and is requiring ADR training for all civil litigation attorneys.  While agencies inherently have the authority to use ADR techniques, testimony received by the subcommittee indicate that the expiration of the ADR Act has caused confusion and disruption in the field. The act provides a necessary framework for governmentwide ADR, as well as important incentives for promoting its use. The ADR Act sets uniform governmentwide standards for the use of ADR, provides the confidentiality protections that are necessary for a full and candid exchange between the parties, and provides the authority to hire neutrals as well as to use donated neutrals and space for ADR.  This legislation permanently reauthorizes the act and makes several important improvements:  It expands the range of cases that can be referred to ADR by eliminating the exemptions for certain types of workplace related disputes so employee grievances and discrimination cases under civil rights laws may, with the consent of the employee, be referred to ADR. The general provisions of section 572(b), which establishes criteria for identifying cases where ADR is not appropriate, would still apply.  It makes the procedure more user friendly by streamlining the acquisition process for hiring mediators.  It enhances the confidentiality provisions. Currently, section 574 of the act prohibits third-party neutrals and parties to the dispute from disclosing communications during an ADR proceeding, with limited exceptions. These communications are not necessarily exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act. In particular, the lack of an FOIA exemption may serve as an incentive to hire private neutrals who are not subject to FOIA, rather than Government neutrals. According to the testimony of the Federal Mediation Conciliation Service, this is a particular problem for Government agencies, like FMCS, that furnish employees as neutrals for proceedings involving other Federal agencies, since their neutrals notes, unlike the notes of private sector neutrals, may be subject to FOIA disclosure. The committee bill provides that the memoranda, notes, or work product of the neutral, are exempt from disclosure under FOIA. Exempting these communications from FOIA does not diminish the amount of information that would otherwise be available to the public if a neutral were not employed. A careful balance must be struck between the need for confidentiality in the ADR process and the basic purpose underlying FOIA, that openness in Government is essential to accountability. The committee was reluctant to expand the exemption from ADR Act should not be used as a shield to hide documents that otherwise would be available to the public. The principles of Government openness and accountability underlying FOIA are vital to the functioning of a democratic society.  When the ADR Act was first enacted in 1990, the Federal Government lagged well behind the private sector and the courts in using alternative dispute resolutions. Since then, almost every agency has experimented with consensus based dispute resolution techniques. Now, the Federal Government has the opportunity to become a leader in making dispute resolution easier, cheaper, and more effective.  Mr. Speaker, I urge an ``aye'' vote on this legislation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  