Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I respect a great deal both the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Bereuter] and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Pickett] and their comments.  Mr. Chairman, this is not an amendment attempting to undercut the very important goals of IMET. I spent 12 years in the U.S. Army, and I had the opportunity to actually train with and serve with foreign officers who were brought into this country through the IMET program. It is a very valuable program and a very worthwhile program. And it does, as the gentleman from Virginia indicated, give our country an opportunity to impress upon foreign officers our values, both our democratic values and our professional standards.  But the other side of that equation is that this program gives, in many respects, an imprimatur to the military forces that participate in the program, and I think we have to ask very serious questions at this juncture, given the record in Indonesia, whether we want to give the imprimatur to the armed forces of Indonesia. There have been indications that progress is being made.  But progress in human rights in East Timor is in the eye of the beholder. And I would refer to the letter I made reference to before from the Catholic Conference from Father Drew Christiansen: ``Rather than improvements in human rights, there have been over the past year numerous reports from authoritative sources of continued harassment and arrests of many, especially young people, seeking to express in a nonviolent fashion their disagreement with the status quo. There continue to be vicious attacks by gangs of paramiliataries and a climate of fear created by the security forces that at times amounts to a reign of terror.''  And so I would argue, based upon the observations of Father Christiansen and his colleagues in the Catholic Conference, that our IMET training has not achieved success yet and, in fact, what it does is provide a symbolic approval of these operations in East Timor by Indonesian security forces. And also it has not yet moved forward the Government of Indonesia together with other world leaders in the world community to recognize their occupation, their illegal occupation of East Timor, and to give justice to the East Timor and to its people. And I think in that regard we have again invoked the leverage of withdrawing IMET from the armed forces of Indonesia.  Now, the gentleman from Nebraska talked about the strategic value of Indonesia. I believe there is strategic value there. But I would point out that in the period from 1992 until about a year or so ago, when we restored expanded IMET, the Government of Indonesia did not turn away from the United States, did not seek to ally itself with other regional powers. And I would suspect that if once again we revoked IMET, they would not turn away from us, turn away from their own self-interest, which is a relationship with the United States in the world community.  We are not at all seeking to undercut the economic ties that we are developing with the Government of Indonesia. Those ties, I think, also are based upon mutual self-interest, but what we are doing is trying to establish very clearly that the Government of Indonesia and its armed forces must act with more sensitivity, more consideration of the people of East Timor, and if they cannot do that, they then would not be allowed to participate in this expanded IMET. And for all of the above reasons, I would urge that this measure be adopted and the amendment be accepted by the committee.  