Speaker, it is with reluctance that I will vote in favor of this bill before us today.  For almost 6 months, this Nation's good faith and credit has been questioned due to the failure of the Republican majority to complete its budgetary responsibilities.  Apparently, my Republican colleagues have come to their senses and will end their last minute, stop gap extensions of the Government's ability to meet its obligations to bond holders and Social Security recipients.  However, while my colleagues are acting to prevent default they have attached a number of controversial provisions to this must-pass legislation--namely, some of the bill's regulatory reform language as well as line-item veto authority for the President.  Let me be clear, while I am concerned with some of the regulatory reform provisions included in this bill, I support regulatory reform.  I am pleased that legislation to provide judicial review of the Regulatory Flexibility Act is finally on its way to becoming law.  Small businesses have been working to pass this legislation for years, and it will give real teeth to the small business protections in the Regulatory Flexibility Act. My subcommittee marked up this legislation last year, and this will be the second time a version of this legislation has passed the House.  However, there are other regulatory reform-related provisions in the debt ceiling bill that were never considered by the Judiciary Committee, nor any other House committee.  These provisions were not in H.R. 3136 as introduced. Instead, these items were slipped into a manager's amendment that was adopted by passage of the rule. Moreover, they are not identical to the provisions that passed the Senate as part of Senator Bond's bill, S. 942.  For example, one of the non-Senate provisions requires the chief counsel of the SBA to select individuals representative of affected small entities who would review a proposed rule before it is available to the public at large and lobby for changes. These individuals could be campaign contributors of special interest representatives. This provision has been limited to OSHA and EPA rules, since apparently the majority realized what havoc it would wreak if certain politically connected individuals were able to preview IRS, SEC, and other rules--and were thus able to restructure their financial transactions, for example.  Many of the regulatory reform provisions in the bill are meritorious and are based on S. 942. However, that is no reason to circumvent the deliberative legislative process. We ought to review these provisions in committee and work on a bipartisan basis to evaluate and improve upon them instead of slipping them in to must pass legislation.  If my colleagues are not concerned with some of the provisions of the regulatory reform language in H.R. 3136, I would urge them to consider the implications of the line-item veto section of this bill.  I am concerned with wasteful spending, and I have voted to cut a multitude of unneeded programs like the superconducting supercollider and the advanced liquid rocket motor.  However, I am opposed to the line-item veto because it would disrupt the checks and balances of the Constitution. Currently, the President has the power to veto any legislation and Congress can attempt to override this veto. A line-item veto would severely inhibit the legislative branch's say in the spending priorities of this Nation.  The line-item veto sounds innocuous enough, but the people of a small State like Rhode Island know full well what giving the President the authority to pick and choose budget items means.  Indeed, Rhode Island has experienced a Presidential effort through existing executive branch authority to eliminate an essential program.  In 1992, President Bush tried to rescind funding for the Seawolf submarine program which is vital to our Nation's defense and is the livelihood of thousands of working Rhode Islanders.  Fortunately, Democrats beat back this attempt, but I am concerned that the line-item provision before us would make future battles closer to a Sisyphean battle than a fair fight. For example, a President--of any political party--could use the line-item veto to eliminate other programs that are important to Rhode Island without fear because a small State like mine only has four votes in Congress.  I would argue that it was this fear of retribution which motivated the Founding Fathers to give the legislative branch the power of the purse and restrict the President's veto powers.  Regrettably, the line-item veto before us today, would grossly distort the Constitution's delicate balance of power and tilt it to the President, and I cannot support such a shift with the interests of my State in mind.  Mr. Speaker, as I stated earlier, I will support this bill because it is imperative that we prevent the Government from defaulting on obligations made many years ago.  In addition, I will also vote for this legislation because it contains provisions that would increase the amount of income that Social Security recipients can earn without losing any benefits.  Under current law, Social Security recipients between the ages of 65 and 69 can earn up to $11,520 in 1996 without having their benefits reduced. Each $3 in wages earned in excess of this limit results in a deduction of $1 in Social Security benefits.  This legislation gradually increases the amount seniors under age 70 can earn without losing any benefits to $30,000 by the year 2002.  I support increasing the Social Security earnings test and voted in favor of the Senior Citizens' Right to Work Act, which included this increase. The House overwhelmingly passed this bill on December 5, 1995 by a vote of 411 to 4.  Approximately 1 million of the 42 million Social Security recipients are expected to benefit from this increase in the earnings limit.  Increasing the earnings test will help improve the overall economic situation of low and middle income seniors in Rhode Island who work out of necessity, not by choice. For example, a Rhode Island senior currently making $12,500 loses almost $330 in Social Security benefits. With the increase included in the legislation before us, that senior would not lose any benefits.  Our seniors have the skills, expertise, and enthusiasm that employers value, and they should be encouraged to work and contribute, not penalized for it.  Mr. Speaker, in closing, I believe I have a duty to prevent the default of the U.S. Government and I will support H.R. 3136, but I would urge my Republican colleagues to stop using important budget legislation as a vehicle for pet causes. Thank you, Mr. Speaker.  