Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill. The goal of chapter 7 and chapter 13 bankruptcy proceedings is to give the debtor a fresh start by discharging his or her debts, either after liquidation of assets and payments to creditors in chapter 7 or after a 3- to 5-year consumer reorganization repayment period in chapter 13.  However, certain debts, such as alimony and child support, are nondischargeable. The bankruptcy code already prohibits the discharge of debt arising from the operation of a motor vehicle while intoxicated, and there have been three reported cases interpreting this section of the bankruptcy code. Two have held that the motor boat falls within the meaning of motor vehicle; one held the opposite.  This bill, introduced by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ehlers], would add watercraft and aircraft to the phrase motor vehicle in section 523(a)(9).  This addition would clarify and emphasize that current law already prohibits the discharge of debts incurred through the drunken operation of boats and aircraft, as well as cars. H.R. 234 would eliminate further confusion in the courts about the intended scope of this statute.  I commend the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Ehlers] for his interest in this issue. My home State of Rhode Island is known as the Ocean State. We have thousands of people operating all types of watercraft off our shores. Regrettably, in the next few weeks we will probably have tragic incidents in which people are injured and perhaps killed by someone who irresponsibly drank and piloted a boat.  One of the witnesses at the subcommittee hearing on this issue testified that 25 percent of the reported boating accidents in Maryland involved people with elevated blood alcohol levels. Clearly, this type of dangerous and irresponsible behavior is something we must try to discourage by all means at our disposal, and using the bankruptcy code to do so I think is appropriate. This clarification is indeed a very useful clarification of the code.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  