Speaker, I rise in opposition to this Republican effort to bypass the normal 30 day comment period and approval process for the Wisconsin welfare reform plan and eliminate the ability of the people of Wisconsin to officially and publicly express their views on the plan.  I am a strong supporter of welfare reform and workfare. I am also a strong supporter of a truly bipartisan effort to fix the problems of the current welfare system.  However, I am not a supporter of purely political exercises on the House floor when we should be in committee working on a bipartisan welfare bill for the Nation, not just Wisconsin.  The Wisconsin welfare plan, known as Wisconsin Works [W-2], requires waivers of 88 provisions of Federal law and regulation in order to be implemented. However, the legislation before us does not enumerate or provide any information on these waivers. Indeed, I have received no letter from Governor Thompson of Wisconsin requesting that I or any other Member of Congress should approve these waivers--that letter went to the President where it should have gone.  In fact, this is only a political exercise which will not be considered in the Senate. It will,however, have real ramifications for the welfare reform effort in my State of Rhode Island.  Rhode Island is currently debating two competing plans, one offered by Governor Almond and the other by a coalition of business people and antipoverty groups, to reform the State's welfare system. These plans have many provisions in common, including requiring work in order to receive assistance and providing expanded child care opportunities. Both of these plans, however, are miles apart from the Wisconsin plan.  The goal of welfare reform should be to instill individual responsibility and move people from welfare to work. However, a reformed system should continue to provide a safety net for those individuals who are unable to work, and most important, a reformed welfare system should protect children, who have little control over their parents' behavior.  With the information I have been able to find on this proposal, it appear that the Wisconsin plan does not meet these goals. Under W-2, no family would be entitled to benefits, child care, or other services. Families would receive help when parents are participating in work activities, but there is no assurance that there will be sufficient job placements available for all those in need of assistance. W-2 also places children and families at risk by ending the guarantee of health coverage through the Medicaid Program.  Mr. Speaker, I will oppose this legislation because I am concerned it moves us away from real bipartisan welfare reform in Rhode Island and the Nation. However, I will continue my efforts in support of flexibility, work requirements, and protecting children when the majority brings a real welfare reform proposal to the floor.  