Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I do so as someone who believes strongly in immigration reform. In fact, I was one of three Democrats who voted in support of H.R. 2202 when it was considered by the Judiciary Committee.  However, I believe the House should address the very different issues of legal and illegal immigration in separate legislation.  I support reasonable restrictions on legal immigration: the United States has the right and responsibility to ensure that only those who are likely to become productive citizens may immigrate to our shores. I would not support this amendment if I thought it was an effort to derail these initiatives.  But the issues of legal immigration should not be considered in the context of the emotionally charged debate on illegal immigration. Addressing illegal immigration involves criminal laws, border enforcement, deportation issues, and workplace enforcement. The policy decisions to be made regarding legal immigration are completely different and by being thrown in with what is essentially a law enforcement debate have been, I believe, distorted.  For example, the House ought to consider more carefully the impact of redefining `family member' for immigration purposes in a way that excludes parents of U.S. citizens, as well as most children over age 21. Most Americans do not believe that any of their children, regardless of how old they are, are distant family members. The bill arbitrarily denies millions of U.S. citizens who have played by the rules and waited in line, in many cases for as long as a decade after having paid fees and gotten applications approved, the opportunity to sponsor and reunite with an overseas family member.  Again, I am not an opponent of reducing the levels of immigration or of ensuring that immigrants who are admitted are able to support themselves.  But Mr. Chairman, legal immigrants pay their taxes and abide by our laws. They are integral parts of our communities. We should give them the respect they deserve and treat the issues of legal and illegal immigration separately.  