Chairman, this bill is another example of a good idea gone bad in the hands of the Majority, and that is why I will vote against it.  I support workers choosing compensatory time off instead of overtime. Moreover, I recognize the need to give employees greater flexibility, particularly in light of the number of families in which both parents must work. And, I also support giving workers the opportunity to take care of family issues, and that is why I fought for the Family and Medical Leave Act.  While the legislation before us today may sound like it embraces these concepts, it fails to expand employee options. Indeed, the bill, for all its efforts, would be a false promise to millions of hard-pressed workers, who want time off in lieu of overtime.  First, the bill does not establish universal access to comp time. It would be up to an employer to determine which workers are eligible for compensatory time off. In fact, an unscrupulous manager could deny comp time to an employee on any basis, while offering comp time to another worker performing the same job. Contrary to the protestations of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, an employee in this situation would have no choice, no resource, and no chance at comp time.  Second, an employee would not sufficiently control the use of their comp time. Unlike overtime, an employee would not have comp time in hand. Instead, an employee would have to ask an employer when they could use their compensation. And, an employer can simply buy this comp time back.  Third, the amount of compensatory time that can be earned or banked is so great that it lessens the likelihood of an employer offering vacation. Currently, there is no law mandating vacation. However, this bill would provide yet another disincentive for paid leave, by allowing managers to tell their employees to earn comp time if they want vacation time. Obviously, an employee would lose out on both vacation and overtime under this scenario.  Finally, this bill fails to address the unique circumstances of certain workers. For example, a carpenter, a temporary employee, or a garmentmaker who works overtime is currently paid time-and-a-half. That is the law, but, under this legislation, if these workers accept comp time, they may never get to use it because of the nature of their industry. Indeed, these kind of workers often move from employer to employer, and I am skeptical if their future employers would honor a previous employers comp time. The same question arises if an employer goes bankrupt.  Simply put, H.R. 2391 is not universal, does not provide choice, jeopardizes existing leave policies, and fails to address the unique circumstances of certain workers.  Mr. Chairman, there is a better way. The President has proposed a sensible alternative to this poor second cousin, and I support the President's plan.  Mr. Chairman, America's hard working families deserve the choice between overtime and comp time. Regrettably, H.R. 2391 fails to deliver it.  