Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the Hostettler amendment to eliminate the AmeriCorps Program.  AmeriCorps has provided an opportunity for more than 40,000 young people to earn their way through college by giving something back to their communities and our Nation. AmeriCorps members perform many vital functions, including tutoring children, helping seniors, housing the homeless, feeding the hungry, preventing crime, and protecting the environment.  This past Sunday, I attended the City Year Rhode Island Graduation, in which 55 individuals were honored for their year of service in Providence and Central Falls, RI. City Year participants make a difference in the lives of Rhode Islanders by tutoring children and cleaning up communities. Next year, City Year Rhode Island, which receives a majority of its funding from the Corporation for National Service, expects to provide service opportunities to additional participants who will serve throughout the State.  AmeriCorps is making a positive impact in our communities and in the lives of the participants. One recent City Year Rhode Island participant was a high school dropout working in jobs which gave her little chance of advancement. Her involvement in City Year provided an opportunity to assist others in need, which in turn renewed her belief in the value of hard work and inspired her to return to and finish high school. She is now attending Brown University where she is studying medicine, turning a nearly destroyed dream of becoming a doctor into a reality.  Today the critics of AmeriCorps will attempt to disparage AmeriCorps with claims of financial mismanagement and wasteful spending. In recent months, however, the Corporation for National Service has addressed these and other concerns by reducing costs, increasing private-sector support, improving financial management, and eliminating grants to other Federal agencies, in order to harness the full potential of national service. Furthermore, four independent studies have concluded that AmeriCorps is a cost-effective investment that yields more in benefits than the program costs.  As the Providence Journal-Bulletin recently noted, we should be increasing funding for this worthy program, not eliminating it. AmeriCorps enjoys widespread support among participants, governors, and businessmen and women in Rhode island, and across the Nation. I urge my colleagues to reject the Hostettler amendment and other anti-AmeriCorps amendments offered today.  