Speaker, I want to first thank the gentleman from New York [Mr. McHugh], the chairman, and the gentlewoman from Illinois [Mrs. Collins] for their graciousness in bringing this to the floor tonight.  Mr. Speaker, I say to all of my colleagues this is an entirely suitable honor for an extraordinary gentleman. Not only was he a postmaster and a postal worker for 25 years, but at the age of 17, he left high school, joined the Marine Corps, and won the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism on Okinawa.  Mr. Speaker, his whole life is about serving others and it is a suitable recognition for his life and his achievements. I thank all of the Members that made this possible this evening.  Miss COLLINS of Michigan, Mr. Speaker, further reserving the right to object, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from New York [Mr. McHugh].  (Mr. McHUGH asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.)  Mr. McHUGH. Mr. Speaker, in the interest of time, I will submit my full statement for the Record.  Mr. Speaker, let me briefly say in response to the comments by the gentleman from Rhode Island and the comments of the gentlewoman from Michigan how much I appreciate their efforts. The Senate had a very, I think, meritorious proposal as amended to this bill, but one that just is not appropriate for consideration at this time. It is certainly our intent in the Subcommittee on Postal Service to reinvolve that issue. I am pleased that the Senate has agreed to consider the House bill with their amendments deleted.  Mr. Speaker, the salary of the Board of Governors was set at $10,000 per annum in 1970. This was when the Postmaster General, who is also a member of the Board of Governors, received a salary of $60,000. Today, the Postmaster General receives $148,000 but the Governors' salaries have remained at $10,000. The amendment would provide a salary of $30,000 a year with a provision for annual adjustments based on that awarded to General Schedule employees, and a per diem of $300 a day for not more than 42 days each year to Governors who attend meetings of the Board of Governors or perform the official business of the board as approved by the Chairman. The amendment also provides for the reimbursement for travel and reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings and performing the official business of the Board.  Mr. Speaker, and the distinguished gentlewoman from Michigan, as chairman of the Subcommittee on the Postal Service, my request to delete the Senate amendment is twofold. First, it is our intent to expedite the passage of H.R. 1606, honoring Harry Kizirian. This would be achieved by deleting the amendment and sending the already passed House bill back to the Senate which would reconsider the measure and send it to the President for signature. Consideration of the amended bill would require the whole House voting on the amendment and delay the enactment of the measure.  Second, Mr. Speaker, the Senate amendment is substantive; members may need additional time to consider it. The Subcommittee on the Postal Service and the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight will revisit these important Senate amendments at a later time.  I hope that this explanation clarifies the reason that the amendment should be deleted at this time. The minority has informed they have no objection to this request and I thank the gentlelady for yielding her time for this explanation.  Miss COLLINS of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of objection.  