Speaker, today's vote is about change. Today we begin the move from a status quo that no one approves of to a reformed and improved welfare system. Our current welfare system traps too many families in a cycle of dependency and does little to encourage or help such individuals find employment. Both welfare recipients and taxpayers lose if the status quo is maintained.  I have repeatedly stated that meaningful welfare reform should move recipients to work and protect children. Just 2 weeks ago, I supported a bipartisan welfare plan, authored by Republican Representative Michael Castle and Democratic Representative John Tanner, which I believe met these goals.  The conference agreement on H.R. 3734 is not perfect, but it is a good first step into an era of necessary welfare reform. This legislation contains many useful and necessary improvements over the previous welfare proposals put forth by the Republican majority. In fact, this legislation has moved several steps closer to the Castle-Tanner bill.  The agreement ensures that low-income mothers and children retain their Medicaid eligibility; provides increased child care funding; removes the optional food stamp block grant; removes the adoption and foster care block grant; and allows States to use a portion of their Federal funding to provide assistance to children whose families have been cut off welfare because of the 5-year time limit.  While this legislation attempts to protect children from the shortcomings and failures of their parents, it does not fulfill all of my goals for welfare reform. I am concerned that H.R. 3734 fails to provide adequate Federal resources for States to implement work programs, nor does it contain adequate resources for States and individuals in the event of a severe recession.  In addition, the legislation makes cuts in food stamps for unemployed individuals willing to work and contains legal immigrant provisions that will deny access by legal immigrant children to SSI, food stamps, and other benefits. These concerns should be rectified by this and subsequent Congresses. I am committed to realizing this goal, and therefore, I am pleased that the President plans to propose legislation to repeal many of these provisions.  Furthermore, several States are currently working on plans to reform their welfare reform systems. We must ensure that these efforts are accommodated by this legislation.  This is the first Republican proposal which adequately acknowledges the need to protect children, while emphasizing work. Rhode Island, through the work of a coalition of State officials, business leaders, and advocacy groups, has crafted a welfare reform plan that also accomplishes these goals. Should H.R. 3734 prove detrimental to Rhode Island or the children of Rhode Island, I will work to make necessary changes to further strengthen the Nation's welfare reform efforts.  