 President, this is a time of challenge, and it is time for the Senate to step up to meet those challenges.  As the President carefully outlined last night, because of the filibuster in the Omnibus appropriations bill we find the Senate almost 5 months into the fiscal year still wrestling with the remaining funding bills from the year in which we are currently involved. We started a new calendar year trying to finish the business of last year. The Omnibus legislation is finished, and it is ready to pass except for the filibuster. With its passage, the Senate will finally complete last year's business.  To be sure, much of the Nation's business was accomplished by the Senate last year. We had hoped to be able to finish the appropriations business last December. In fact, last year the President called for an economic growth package to create jobs. The Senate passed it, and that plan is clearly working.  Last year, the President called for a Medicare drug plan so that our seniors would never have to choose ever again between groceries and needed prescription drugs. The Senate passed it and that help is on the way for our seniors.  Last year, the President called for full funding for homeland security. The Senate passed it, and America is safer.  Last year, the President called for funding of the liberation and reconstruction of Iraq. The Senate passed it and freedom is rising.  In normal times, that would be indeed a phenomenal record. But these are not normal times. These are times of unprecedented challenges.  The Senate's historic pattern of studious delay is out of touch with these demanding times in which we find ourselves.  This filibuster needs to come to an end. To that end, each Senator must ask themselves the following questions about the funding of the Government: Should funding for most Federal departments and agencies be at the levels we agreed to in the last budget resolution, which we negotiated with the President, or should it be funded at a lower level and perhaps not at all? Should we fund the FBI at $320 million less than we planned, even though most of that goes to their counterterrorism activities? Should we fund embassy security at the State Department with the extra $15 million we agreed it needs for safety? Should we improve food security by providing the Food Safety Inspection Service with the additional $20 million we agreed to? Should we keep faith with those who have borne the brunt of battle in the war on terrorism by providing veterans medical care with the extra $3.1 billion we agreed to?  These questions obviously answer themselves. Instead, we wrestle with these questions still as we try to fund these programs. As we try to fund the Government for this year at the levels agreed upon in last year's budget resolution, we cannot begin to set the budget priorities for next year. The Senate cannot meet the demands of tomorrow if we are, today, revisiting the agreements of yesterday.  The demands of tomorrow are not going to go away. As the President stated last night: We may believe the danger of terrorism is behind us. That hope is understandable, comforting--and false.  The President is right. We have done much to improve America's security: our economic security, our health security, our homeland security, and our national security. But it is false hope, indeed, to believe we have done all that can be done or should be done. Economic security is improving as the economy grows and the unemployment rate declines. Health security has improved with enactment of a prescription drug benefit in Medicare for seniors and enactment of health security accounts for workers.  While homeland security has also improved, more must and can be done, but not if we are wrestling with the FBI budget of last year.  The national security needs in the coming years require our full attention, but that is not possible if we are still fighting to fully fund the State Department embassy security for last year.  Thomas Jefferson advised us that eternal vigilance is the price of freedom. Ever since he stated those words, America has tried to assess how they apply to us at a particular time and as we confront a particular challenge. The President has assessed the unprecedented challenges of our times and provided unprecedented leadership.  Our Nation has responded to the challenges as well. From issues of security to issues of prosperity, our country is moving forward behind the President's leadership.  The Senate should respond as well. But when we delay this bill for no reason other than for delay itself, we are not meeting the challenges of our time. This is a bill that should have been passed months ago.  There is a price for delay. We see it in the reduced funding of the FBI, embassy security, food security, and, of course, veterans health benefits.  We cannot yet see the price we will pay tomorrow for our delay today, but it is surely there. We delay setting the priorities for next year and building upon the security we have achieved in the last 3 years. We delay making our Nation safer and we delay making our economy stronger.  In these times of challenge, the time for delay is over and the time to act is now. It is my hope and the hope of many Senators on both sides of the aisle that tomorrow we will be able to wrap up the business of last year, finally, and get this important Omnibus appropriations bill down to the President for his signature so we can begin the work of the year in which we currently find ourselves.  The Senator from New Mexico is here. I yield the floor.  