 First, there are a lot of countries that did not want democracy to take hold in Iraq. They are not democratic themselves, and they do not want any democracies in the neighborhood.  Second, some nations are threatened by the march of freedom. Others had financial interests in the former Saddam Hussein regime. Some nations would not contribute troops unless we were to cede control in Iraq to the U.N., a prospect most Americans recognize as a dangerous fantasy. At such a price, their assistance is not worth the tremendous risk placing American security and Iraqi democracy in the hands of the U.N. entails.  Second, many countries that want to help simply lack the resources to help. As appreciative as we are of NATO's contributions, we are also cognizant of its limitations. European nations spend on average about 2 percent of their gross domestic production on defense. Of that money, a majority is spent on personnel costs and benefits. Relatively little is spent to modernize or sustain the equipment, weapon systems, and logistic capabilities of NATO militaries.  Many NATO countries cannot generate sufficient forces or sustain their deployment outside of the European theater. They lack the weapons, the aircraft, the logistics, transportation, and supply capabilities the United States has. Because of these limitations, many nations have decided to contribute to Iraq's future by providing economic, humanitarian, or other forms of assistance to the liberated Iraqis. According to the Department of the Treasury, the 10 largest donors to Iraq have offered nearly $8 billion in assistance. In addition, 29 donors have offered hundreds of millions more in financial aid, and 16 more have offered in-kind assistance.  Even if significantly more international troops could be deployed to Iraq, their deployment would not be a substitute for the long-term security needs of that country. These needs can only be met by Iraqi security forces.  There are clearly problems and challenges. The Iraqi security forces need training, they need equipment, and we will be providing it. We will be recruiting, training, and equipping Iraqis to defend Iraq from external attack and from internal subversion. These Iraqis, far more than foreign troops, will determine the future of that country.  The long-term solution to Iraqi security does not lie with the U.S. military. It does not lie with the U.N. or with NATO. It lies with the Iraqi people. We must be committed to supporting them and their efforts to bring stability and security to their own country.  I commend the soldiers of the U.S. military and those 32 other nations currently serving in Iraq for their brave efforts to bring peace to a troubled land.  I yield the floor.  