 President, this is indeed a historic moment for Kentucky. Tobacco and the growing of tobacco has been an integral part of my State since it came into the Union in 1792. In fact, if you look carefully around the Capitol, you will find tobacco leaves actually painted here in the Capitol of the United States of America. Many people argue--and this is probably an exaggeration--that if it hadn't been for tobacco, the United States might not have been colonized because it was far and away the most profitable agricultural activity. That is most of what the people of that era did back in the beginning of our country.  The Senator from Ohio has correctly stated the important health consequences of the use of tobacco. It has taken us several hundred years to figure that out and to reach the point where we are today.  I want to start by commending my colleague, Senator Mike DeWine from Ohio. I have never observed a more skillful legislator than he during my time in the Senate. You can always tell when the senior Senator from Ohio has an idea on his mind: He will come up to you quietly and pull you off in the corner and begin to twist your arm. You know he is a formidable force who, when he has made up his mind about an issue, never lets go. Many bills that have cleared the Senate in the 10 years the Senator from Ohio has been here obtain the fingerprints of Mike DeWine. He is truly an extraordinary legislator. I know he is excited today that the bill he believes so deeply in has a chance to be added to this bill. It is very likely to be added to this bill as it goes to conference. I congratulate him for his outstanding work.  Having said that, the Senator is correct; this was a marriage of convenience. I can recall as recently as 1996, when I was running for reelection in my State, we were wearing T-shirts that said ``keep FDA off the farm.'' The idea of FDA regulating this product, particularly if it went down to the farm, was universally unpopular in my State. I am not a great fan of FDA regulation today, but these two issues needed to be married in the U.S. Senate if we were to get either one of them out of the Senate and on the way down the legislative road toward some accomplishment.  Mr. President, there is simply no way to overstate how central tobacco has been to the history of my State. We started growing it from the beginning of the country. Kentucky's soil and climate were particularly suitable for this cash crop. Even with all of the problems tobacco has today, we always laughingly say in Kentucky that tobacco is the most profitable thing you can grow on a per-acre basis in our State that is legal. We also have a little marijuana problem in the mountains that we try very hard to stay on top of, and I expect that growing marijuana is more profitable. But even with all of these problems, tobacco is the most profitable thing to grow on a per-acre basis, far more profitable than corn, wheat, and the other crops we also grow.  In the 1930s, tobacco got in serious trouble, as a lot of agriculture did. Part of the New Deal, in establishing farm programs, included the establishment of the Tobacco Program. Unlike the other farm programs, it was a permanent program. It didn't have to be reauthorized periodically, like the other commodities that are under a Federal farm program. It was a permanent program. It assigned the land, based on how much tobacco was being grown in the 1930s, a certain amount, a certain acreage, and it did that in Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, the Carolinas, and Georgia. In that acreage, you had a legal right to grow. It was like owning some stock--you could sell it; you could lease it; it had value. We called them ``quotas.'' By the time I started moving around the State in the early eighties and learning more about tobacco, we had 100,000 growers in 119 of our 120 counties.  In many of these counties, there is not much flatland; but since tobacco was so profitable on a per-acre basis, even if you had a tiny little plot, or quota, you could make pretty good money. You would see these quotas tucked back up in the hollows, right up on the edge of where the mountain went straight up. We had it in 119 of 120 counties. It was sold at auction around Thanksgiving. Farmers would cut the tobacco, strip it, put it into the barns, where it would dry for a month or two. It would be sold at these auctions, and the auctions would start around Thanksgiving, go through the Christmas season, and finish up in the early part of the year. Many of these farmers were part time.  When I came to the Senate, the average grower in Kentucky had three-quarters of an acre. That was the average. A lot of these folks were part time. But this was dependable cash. They could count on it being produced around Christmastime. For many very low-income Kentuckians, it provided Christmas money; for some it provided the opportunity to send their kids to college. It has been an integral part of our culture for a very long time.  None of these folks, of course, are engaged in selling the product to kids. They were making a legal living producing an agricultural crop that is older than America itself. But beginning with the Surgeon General's report in 1964, it was increasingly clear that this is a product that is not good for you.  The campaign that has gone on over the last 40 years is legitimate. In Lexington, KY, today, the heart of tobacco country, you cannot smoke in a restaurant. That is in Lexington, KY, the heart of tobacco country. And in Louisville, KY, my hometown, they have been having a big debate about the same issue.  I say to my friend from Ohio, if anything sums up how this has all changed, it is when you cannot smoke in a public place in Kentucky. So I think the health argument has been made. It is, however, a legal product. The health groups are not trying to make smoking illegal. That, of course, would produce an enormous black market and no good result.  So it occurred to this Senator back in 1998 when we were considering another tobacco proposal that it was time for a buyout. I never will forget joining Senator Lugar of Indiana in advocating a buyout back in 1998. I was rimracked--rimracked--by the two big newspapers in my State. They said I turned my back on Kentucky culture; I had gone Washington; I had been upthere so long I had forgotten what it was like in the hollows and the tobacco fields of Kentucky.  I was criticized by the Farm Bureau and the Burley Tobacco Co-op and all the establishment: How could you possibly be for a buyout? You are turning your back on us.  I took a survey of tobacco growers. I got a pollster and said: Let's go out and ask them how they feel about it. Frankly, they were against it, too. Fifty percent were against it; about 35 percent were for it. So the whole tobacco establishment was against the buyout in 1998 when I first advocated it.  Now, Mr. President, I am treated as a visionary. I was ahead of my time. If we had only joined you 6 years ago, we would have gotten this job done sooner.  Being treated as a visionary is kind of fun, but it does not get the job done. What is happening here today is we have an opportunity to move on down the road toward achieving something that neither the Senator from Ohio nor I thought was going to be achieved, which is some kind of FDA proposal, which I am not, as I said, very wild about, and a buyout which I enthusiastically support, and I cannot find a tobacco grower in Kentucky today who is not for the buyout.  The occupant of the Chair I know has tobacco farmers in his State as well. I bet he has not run into any lately who are not favorable to a buyout. There has been a complete shift in thinking, and the reason for that is apparent. This quota, this asset, is a shrinking asset. As the asset shrinks, the land values go down, and it has a real impact on our people.  Some people say: Why should the Government buy out this program? The answer to that is the Government created the asset. The Government, by establishing the quota program, created the asset, and now if the Government is going to terminate the asset, it is appropriate for the Government to compensate those for whom the asset was created.  As I said earlier, 20 years ago, we had 100,000 growers in 119 of the 120 counties in my State, and the average quota was about three-fourths of an acre. We do quotas by poundage these days, but three-quarters of an acre, which gives you the sense of the size, was the average.  Today, we are still growing burley in 117 of Kentucky's 120 counties, but the average has gone up to 5.7 acres. So we can see, Mr. President, tobacco farmers are leaving, consolidation is occurring even with the program.  The 2002 census of agriculture, which was released a year and a half ago, reflected about a 40-percent drop in the number of farms growing tobacco in all of the States--not only Kentucky, in all of the States. A 40-percent drop in the number of farms from 93,000 in 1997 down to 56,000 in all of the States. In Kentucky, from 1997 to 2002, we have gone from 46,850 tobacco farms down to a little under 30,000. That is still a lot of farmers--a lot of them--but their asset is shrinking.  That brings us to today. The House of Representatives--and I particularly commend two Congressmen, Congressman Richard Burr of North Carolina and Congressman Ron Lewis of Kentucky, who spearheaded that effort over on the House side and very skillfully leveraged the votes they had on a bipartisan basis in tobacco country to make it possible for the FSC/ETI JOBS bill to pass the House at all. So that proposal, a buyout only, is in the House bill.  The occupant of the Chair and the rest of us from tobacco-growing States in the Senate knew we could not get a buyout only through the Senate. That would have been our first preference. I say to my friend and colleague from Ohio, he knows that would have been my first preference. So we have a marriage of convenience here, not a shotgun marriage. It is a marriage of convenience. These two issues converge, and in the best of the legislative process, we put them together and believe we will be able to pass them later this day to go into conference. Congressman Burr and Congressman Lewis deserve a lot of credit.  I also commend my colleague from Kentucky, Jim Bunning, who has been a stalwart on this issue from the beginning and extraordinarily helpful in every way.  I would be remiss if I did not mention Senator Elizabeth Dole, who has been every bit as intense and committed to achieving this issue as anyone I have ever seen. It was a big issue in her election in 2002. She came into the Senate and said it was her top priority for North Carolina agriculture, and she has pursued it with intensity, with conviction, with one-on-one meetings, with Senators who were in a critical place to make a difference. I know she and others are going to be speaking on this issue later. But I say to her, we would not be here today without her extraordinary effort on behalf of this proposal.  This does not guarantee a buyout. I want to make it perfectly clear to my folks at home the job is not finished. But we have come further than I, frankly, thought we would get. Toward the end of last year, I had pretty much given up on the prospects of being able to get this proposal through. But now we are on the verge of having a buyout. They are a little different. The Senate version will be different from the House version--that frequently happens in the legislative process--but we are on the verge of having the tobacco quota buyout in both the Senate bill and House bill in conference, and that is closer than we have ever been before.  So we have made extraordinary progress, but I do want to caution those folks at home who care deeply about this issue that we are not there yet. We have come a long way, but we are not there yet. I know all of us in the Senate from tobacco-growing States on a bipartisan basis are going to continue to press this issue as hard as we can and hopefully conclude the buyout process.  I say in conclusion, it will be a big change. We have had a tobacco program in the burley and flue-cured States going back to 1938. It has been a way of life. But change is already occurring. The warehouse system is basically going away. People are growing tobacco under contract now, not selling it to warehouses in the way they used to. Change is coming. This is an opportunity to manage that change in such a way that people will be fairly compensated for the value of today's quota.  Mr. President, I am optimistic that we may be able to succeed, and I thank all of those who contributed to this process.  I yield the floor.  