 President, I commend my friend from Arizona, Senator Kyl, for offering his important amendment. It seeks to remedy an unethical fee schedule and provide a way for us to protect the soldiers, the taxpayers, and the public treasury all at the same time.  Lawyers, of course, have a fiduciary duty to their clients and one component of that duty is, to put it plainly, not to rip them off. But in the tobacco cases, as my friend noted, plaintiffs' lawyers got as much as $100,000 an hour for providing ``legal services,'' and I use the term ``services'' loosely. Their efforts were often duplicative of legal work others had done.  I think the notion that those who file what are in large part copycat lawsuits should get paid as much as $100,000 per hour for such work is absurd on its face. Absolutely absurd.  If anyone does not believe me, let's look at what some of the lawyers themselves have said about the situation I have described. Michael Cerisi, who pioneered the tobacco litigation and who represented the State of Minnesota in its lawsuit against the tobacco industry, said the fees of the lawyers who brought the lawsuits on behalf of Texas, Florida, and Mississippi ``are far in excess of these lawyers' contribution to any of the state results.''  John Coale, Washington, DC, lawyer and noted opponent of the tobacco industry, has denounced the fee awards as ``beyond human comprehension'' and stated that ``the work does not justify them.''  Even our friends at the American Trial Lawyers Association have found it very difficult to defend this practice. The past president of ATLA has said:       Common sense suggests that a one billion dollar fee is      excessive and unreasonable and certainly should invite. . . .      scrutiny.  That is the past president of ATLA. He goes on to say that ATLA:       . . . generally refrains from expressing an institutional      opinion regarding a particular fee in a particular case, but      we have a strong negative reaction to reports that at least      one attorney . . . is seeking a fee in excess of one billion      dollars.  The Tax Code already provides a remedy for abuses by certain fiduciaries. It requires trustees to disgorge themselves of ill-gotten gains that are due to the violation of their duty as fiduciaries. The Kyl amendment simply expresses the sense of the Senate that we ought to amend this section of the Tax Code so that it encompasses other important fiduciaries--namely, personal injury lawyers in mass tort cases. I would be shocked if my colleagues opposed it. If they do, they would be saying it is more important for personal injury lawyers to receive more than $20,000 an hour than it is to use excessive fees to protect our troops.  The Kyl amendment notes some of the things that could be purchased by requiring the disgorgement of these ill-gotten gains: up-armored high-mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicles; add-on ballistic missile protection for medium and heavy wheeled vehicles; interceptor body armor including add-on protection for the shoulder and side body areas; unmanned aerial vehicles; ammunition; night-vision devices; sensors; Javelin missiles; and replacement of equipment lost in combat.  This amendment does not turn personal injury lawyers into paupers. It only applies in mass tort cases where the judgment is over $100 million, and it merely ensures that lawyers do not take advantage of their own clients.  With respect to the tobacco litigation in particular, it provides that plaintiffs' lawyers are guaranteed to make no less than $20,000 an hour. That is right--not $20,000 a week, not $20,000 a day, but $20,000 an hour. In short, it guarantees plaintiffs' lawyers a minimum wage of $20,000 per hour. If they can show somehow that it is appropriate for them to be paid more, then I suppose they could even get more than $20,000 per hour. What it will prevent, however, is personal injury lawyers being able to get, as a matter of course, unjustified and excessive fees from their clients to the tune of $100,000 per hour or even more. My friend from Arizona has referred to this as the ``one yacht per lawyer'' rule. With a minimum wage of $20,000 per hour, I think it is more appropriate to term it the ``one yacht per lawyer per week'' rule.  I hope my colleagues will not choose trial lawyers over the troops.  I yield the floor.  