 1926. In July of 2012, after over 7 years of negotiations in the Congress, the Congress finally passed the Biggert-Waters Act, the first significant flood insurance reauthorization bill since the creation of the National Flood Insurance Program in 1968.  One of the goals of the reform at that time was to ensure--yes, to ensure--that the 5.6 million flood insurance policyholders in this country could collect on their policies if they were ever to suffer a flood loss, something that cannot be guaranteed by the Flood Insurance Program that is currently $25 billion in debt.  The program basically is bankrupt and only operating by the grace of the American taxpayer. Historically, the flood insurance premiums have not covered costs because the program was not designed to be actuarially sound. Essentially, it was flawed from the beginning when it was created in 1968.  The National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 authorized subsidized rates to encourage participation in the Flood Insurance Program, especially for properties in high-risk locations. The Biggert-Waters legislation changed all this by requiring that the program be actuarially sound, that flood insurance rates reflect actual risk, and that the program eliminate its debt.  The sponsors of the legislation before us now have said that the moment Biggert-Waters was signed into law by the President they began working to roll back the reforms. Before they had any clear knowledge of how the changes in that legislation would be implemented, how mapping would affect homeowners, how flood insurance rates would change or whom might be pulled into the program and whom might be pulled out.  If my colleagues are hoping to dismantle the Flood Insurance Program, then they should support this legislation because that is exactly what it will do. However, if they are looking to address the unintended consequences of Biggert-Waters, then we should take a more measured approach like we do on most legislation. If there are affordability concerns that they are seeking to address, then I think we should find a way to address them.  If they are attempting to address economic impacts that were not contemplated in the Biggert-Waters Act, then we should find alternative approaches that minimize those impacts.If they believe that the rate at which Biggert-Waters phases in risk-based premiums needs to be reconsidered, then we should discuss alternative increases.  Unfortunately, this legislation does not specifically address those issues. S. 1926, coupled with the provisions that the sponsors included in the recently passed omnibus appropriations act, will stop all changes in the Federal Flood Insurance Program. Those efforts will ensure that mapping revisions which we desperately need do not move forward, that premium increases are halted, and, even more disturbing, that homeowners never truly learn their real flood insurance risk.  I believe people in America deserve to know the cost and risk of where they live. Taxpayers deserve to have those who choose to live in harm's way assume their own risk. The proponents of this legislation want to continue to burden, I believe, an already over-burdened and bankrupt Federal insurance program. They are not seeking to address a few discrete problems with the flood insurance reforms passed in 2012.  Make no mistake, they want to stop it all. I concede, like any legislation, there were issues with the implementation of Biggert-Waters that were not anticipated. But those can be addressed in other ways that do not require the ``stop everything'' approach that the proponents of this legislation are basically advocating.  Congress is often criticized for being unable to fix anything. In 2012, we took a very significant step toward fixing the National Flood Insurance Program after 7 years of work. Now we have a bill before us that will undo virtually every reform that was enacted less than 2 years ago.  I urge the proponents of the bill today to follow regular order and to take this bill through the committee process where it can be debated and amended and where people can be heard. Absent that, I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against this legislation in favor of a more measured approach which will preserve what is needed in the Biggert-Waters legislation and change only that which needs to be changed.  I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  