Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis), for yielding the time; and I want to thank my friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from Georgia (Ms. McKinney), my neighbor next door, for bringing this legislation before us.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the designation of the Earl T. Shinhoster Post Office in Decatur, Georgia. Earl Shinhoster was a great American.  I knew Earl. He was a friend of mine. He had a distinguished career of public service in Georgia, the Nation, and the world. Before his premature death last year, Earl lived in DeKalb County, Georgia, in metropolitan Atlanta with his family. He was a devoted husband, father, and brother. He was more than just a resident of Georgia; he was a citizen of the world.  Earl was born and reared in Savannah, Georgia. He loved our State. He loved our Nation. He traveled the length and breadth of the American South, into south Georgia and to the delta of Mississippi and the black belt of Alabama, eastern Arkansas, North Carolina, South Carolina, the bayou of Louisiana. Everybody in this part of the country knew Earl Shinhoster. He also traveled to Africa. He cared about her people, and he loved the people of the motherland.  Earl Shinhoster was a leader of the NAACP for more than 35 years. At the time of his death he was a director of Voter Empowerment, a national voter registration and education program. He was involved in efforts to raise census participation among blacks and others. It is because of his tireless work for voter education and voter participation, voter registration, turning out the vote, that many of us are where we are today.  Earl Shinhoster cared about people. He loved people. He was a graduate of Morehouse College. He loved Morehouse. He loved his school. He cared about human rights and civil rights. He cared deeply about all of the people of this land and of this planet. He cared about being empowered and empowering others. He cared about equal access and equal opportunity.  Throughout his life, Earl was always looking for creative ways to break down the barriers that separated us, to make things a little fairer, a little better. He truly lived to make a difference. I was there.  Mr. Speaker, Earl's eyes were always on the prize. He did not have time for small talk or just playing around or what some people call horsing around. He was a very serious young man.  Though his life was tragically cut short, his legacy must live on so that others may know and be inspired by this great American and the unbelievable impact he had on Georgia and our Nation and so much of our world.  For these reasons and others, Mr. Speaker, I support the designation of the Earl T. Shinhoster Post Office in Decatur, Georgia.  