Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) for yielding me the time.  Once again, we have heard some revisionism of history. Just recently, I have spoken on this House floor. I came here in 1994 when the Democrats had the majority. They had just passed in 1993 the highest tax increase in the history of this country, planning on balancing the budget. But when I got here, they were running a $200 billion deficit, and those deficits were going to be there as far as the eye could see.  In 1995, we took the majority, the Republicans; and we said we were going to balance the budget. We were going to cut taxes; and after debating that issue in 1997, we finally got enough votes in the House, got some bipartisan support, and we got the President to sign it into law, President Clinton.  That budget was not supposed to balance for 5 years. Actually, it was not supposed to balance until this year. That was the plan. Do my colleagues know it balanced in a year. Why did it balance in a year? Why was that such a surprise? How did that happen? I will tell my colleagues why it happened. It was because we cut capital gains taxes. That is why. It infused billions of dollars into the economy.  Now we want to cut them just a little bit more to stimulate the economy once again. I would like to cut them a lot more, but we are going to do what we have to do. And we are going to cut them a little bit. That will help, I think, bring this economy around as quick as anything, but once again, we believe that if we give businesses, small businesses the opportunity to make a profit, that they can create jobs in this economy.  What do the Democrats want to do in this substitute? Once again, just like in 1993, they want to increase taxes. They want to increase taxes by $90 billion more. Who will it hurt the worst? It will hurt the small business, the ones that provide more than half of the private workforce in this economy.  We cannot have that. We have to cut taxes. We have got to allow them to have some relief so that they can provide the jobs that this country needs, and they need them now.  