Mr. Speaker, I rise today joining my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans alike, in support of this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, the American people need to know just how dangerous today's world is. Many have presumed that with the passing of the Soviet Union and the East-West confrontation that peace was at hand. That without these formidable enemies, America no longer had to worry about attacks.  Tuesday's tragedy sends a message--loud and clear--that there are those who have no concern for innocent human life. They will kill with malice, with no other goal except to prove they can strike at the world's most powerful symbols of freedom. This was not a political statement or a military attack. It was murder, an act that is abhorred by all nations and faiths. We must do whatever is needed to protect our homeland from such unconscionable criminals.  Our nation is in shock and mourning. Americans are too big-hearted to understand why a group of inhuman thugs would bring these attacks on thousands of innocent victims. We will spend this day rallying to support the families of those who perished and the brave rescuers who are desperately trying to find any who might have survived. We will show our resolve that America will rise to this challenge and overcome it to remain the beacon of liberty and optimism.  In the days to come, we will dedicate ourselves to finding who planned and executed this despicable act, and prove to them that we will do everything in our power to bring them to justice and ensure it can never happen again. To those who shared the cowardice of the hijackers: We will not rest until justice is served. To those who have harbored these criminals in the past or consider sheltering them in the future: We will hold you accountable and make it clear that it is a terrible mistake to support attacks on America.  For the future, all Americans must realize that our world can never be entirely safe, and accept that we must commit the resources necessary to meet the threat of those whose fanaticism blinds themselves to their humanity. I join all of my colleagues in pledging our support for the President in all of his efforts to protect our citizens. I have every confidence that we will work together--that all Americans will work together--to meet this challenge and overcome it.  