Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Jefferson), my friend and my colleague, for those kind and extraordinary words. I think we all can come together and help build up a loving community and really help build the truly interracial democracy in America.  We are really one family. We are one house, the American house, the American family or the world house or the world family.  Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to just say a few words here.  Mr. Speaker, first, I want to say that I am grateful to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis), my colleague, and to the Faith and Politics Institute for giving me and my wife, Lisa, the opportunity to not only learn more about the great struggle for civil rights in this country but to be inspired to do more right now to make this country an even better country, to have this experience, to be there with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis) and Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth, and Bernard Lafayette and Bob Zelner and Betty Fikes, all giants in the movement, was a real privilege.  Let me add that I have never heard a voice sing more beautifully than Betty Fikes.  We have had the opportunity to walk through history and to retrace the steps of Martin Luther King, of Rosa Parks, of the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis) and Fred Shuttlesworth, but we also had the opportunity to reflect on our current challenges in this country.  I think we all agree that we still have a long way to go before we achieve the dream that Martin Luther King spoke so passionately about. As Members of Congress, I think we need to realize that we need to act. We need to do more to fight racism and bigotry and prejudice in this country. We need to ensure voting rights in this country, and we need to do that through more than just rhetoric.  We need to pass legislation for real election reform here in this country. We need to fight to make sure that every child has the opportunity for a first-rate education. We need to make sure that everybody in this country gets health care. We need to make sure that there is funding existing in the Department of Justice to enforce our civil rights laws.  We have a long way to go, and I want to thank my colleague from Georgia for giving my wife, Lisa, and I the great privilege to not only travel with the gentleman but to learn and to be inspired. So I thank the gentleman.  Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Lewis).  