Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for both the kind words and for yielding the time here on the floor. I particularly want to thank the chairman of the Federal Lands Subcommittee and his words of support, also, and I thank the committee for sending this bill to the floor.  The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act is a bipartisan, no-cost, commonsense bill that will go a long way toward helping resolve some of the problems Federal Government and its haphazard policy shifts have created for three western Oregon tribes. The bill provides fairness for three tribes: the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw; the Cow Creek; and the Coquille.  The bill contains the text of provisions within H.R. 5701, which passed unanimously last December, but was not enacted into law.  For too long, Federal policies have unfairly disadvantaged Indian tribes in western Oregon. After signing many treaties with the tribes, the United States removed them from their original homelands and put them on only two reservations, established to house potentially more than 60 tribal governments.  In 1954, Congress made things worse. All tribes west of the Cascades lost Federal recognition when the Western Oregon Termination Act became law. Scholars called it the ``termination era.'' It was terrible Federal Indian policy. It was so bad that it was formally rebuked by Congress less than 30 years later.  In the 1970s, Congress began the process of restoring the western Oregon tribes to Federal recognition, cleaning up the mess and injustice the United States had made.  In fact, I began my congressional career as an original sponsor of the Coquille Restoration Act, legislation to restore one of Oregon's terminated tribes; yet, even today, it remains difficult for these tribes to function as the sovereign nations they are and to govern themselves effectively. Unlike many tribes, the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw, as well as the Cow Creek, are deprived of any land held in trust.  Unlike any other tribe in the United States, the Coquille Indian Tribe must function under a legal anomaly with regard to its own forest.  The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act makes good on a decades-old promise to restore land bases for the Coos and Cow Creek tribes, and it puts the Coquille Indian Tribe's forest on an equal footing with those of other Indian tribes nationwide.  H.R. 2791 deals only with Oregon issues, Oregon tribes, and Oregon constituents.  Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support the bill.  