Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, there was a time in America in 1931 when people were desperate, and unscrupulous contractors would move people from place to place, put them in work camps, and undercut the wages in communities. The wisdom of the Congress back then was this is not proper. Communities have different wage rates.  This is not a diktat from Washington, D.C., about the wages. It says you will pay the wages that prevail in your community. For instance, in the gentleman's community, the median wage is $49,427. But under Davis-Bacon, an electrician--a pretty darned skilled person in my opinion--would only get $36,500 if they get the minimum Davis-Bacon wage. So I don't see that that is outrageous.  What we are trying to prevent here is the abuse of construction workers and people, moving them from place to place, bringing them from a very low-cost State and saying: Hey, when you go home, you are going to be doing good. We will put you in a little work camp and a tent. You come here to this State; you undercut all the local workers; you do the job; and you go home. We don't want to go back to those days. Those were not halcyon days in America.  So this is really a way to provide people with a living wage, certainly not an extravagant wage. I don't think $36,500 for an electrician in Iowa is an extravagant wage, and I don't see why we should pull that floor out from underneath them and say: Oh, hey, well, that is a little too high. We want to be able to pay our electricians less than that.  This is about trying to create a race to the bottom like we have in too many other things in this country, our trade agreements and a whole host of other things that are going on that are creating income inequality. This will exacerbate income inequality. This amendment should be defeated.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the ranking member of the Education and Workforce Committee.  