Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Ironically, it was exactly 1 year ago today that the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee said they needed time to come together for funding a 6-year surface transportation bill investing in our transportation system, 1 year ago today.  There was an extension until the end of the year, then there was an extension until May, and then there was an extension from May until now--temporary extensions, I think 34 temporary extensions we have seen now.  Now, we are talking about another temporary extension with the hope that maybe they can find some money under the couch cushions or pass tax reform and cut taxes on rich people and use dynamic scoring and say it raises money and then put it in the trust fund. I don't know what their solution is.  We have had a user fee funded transportation system in this country since Dwight David Eisenhower was President, followed by Ronald Reagan who doubled the tax; and Ronald Reagan also put transit into the highway trust fund, saying we should not ignore our population centers and actually our centers of economic growth.  Then in 1993--granted, Democratic President and Democratic Congress, but we didn't quite have the votes to increase the gas tax--and Bud Shuster, Republican chair of the Transportation Committee back then, actual relation to current chairman, he brought us quite a number of Republicans to vote with the Democrats to go to 18.3 cents a gallon; and there it stood since 1993.  We are hearing now you can't increase the gas tax, so I have offered alternatives. Let's eliminate the gas tax and put a tax on a barrel of oil, the fraction that goes into taxable transportation uses, which economists say means Wall Street might eat part of that because they are speculating so much, ExxonMobil might eat part of that, OPEC--hey, we might get Saudi Arabia to pay for a little bit of our infrastructure; but I am told, no, they can't do that.  I proposed just indexing the existing gas tax and bonding, pay it back over time with that increment. Now, if we double index the gas tax, it might go up 1.7 cents next year. There is apparently a fear in this place that if gas went up 1.7 cents a gallon--unlike ExxonMobil jacking it up 25 cents while you are driving by in May because Memorial Day is coming--but of the Federal Government to invest in filling in the potholes, fixing the bridges and the transit systems and raised it 1.7 cents, oh, my God, people lose their elections.  Well, we have seen six Republican States raise their gas tax this year, all red, deep red States; and those same States have said to us in testimony: It is not enough that we are raising the gas tax; we need more Federal investment.  The system is falling apart--140,000 bridges, 140,000 need repair or replacement. Forty percent of the surface national highway system needs to be not just resurfaced; it needs to be dug up and rebuilt--and that our transit systems, $84 billion backlog to bring them up to a state of good repair.  It is so bad in Washington, D.C., that they are killing people; they are killing people on the transit system because it is so outmoded.  Now, if we made those investments and we made them in a more robust level than we are doing now, we could put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work. It is not just construction workers; you are talking manufacturing; you are talking small business; you are talking minority business enterprises; you are talking engineering; you are talking technical.  The Buy America requirements are the strongest in the whole government. It would have an incredible stimulative effect on the economy. In addition, it would put 300,000 people back to work, and we could begin to climb back toward where we were.  Dwight David Eisenhower gave us a system that was the envy of the world. We were number one in infrastructure. We are now 16. We are dropping like a rock. Pretty soon, we will be down there with Third World countries in terms of state of our infrastructure in this country. It is embarrassing. It is pathetic. It is not necessary.  Today, we should be considering a long-term bill. We have introduced a viable long-term bill. We propose today a way to pay for the first 2 years of it by just saying Benedict Arnold corporations can't buy a drugstore overseas for a major pharmaceutical company and then say: Oh, that is our home headquarters, although we are still here enjoying all the protections of American citizenship law and our military, but we don't want to pay for it and our infrastructure.  There are ways forward. There seems to be an incredible reluctance on their side, so here we are again saying let'sdo a patch until December 18. Meanwhile, the Senate over there has been in who knows what kind of circles. They are proposing to get most of the money by reducing retirement for Federal employees. Now, that is a tremendous relationship to infrastructure and user fees. Let's not get too far away from the idea of user pays.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  