Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  On July 1, when we last visited the issue of a short-term extension for surface transportation, I bemoaned the fact that little progress had been made on a long-term, 6-year bill. I am pleased today that I don't have to use the same talking points.  We did, through the actual legislative process--with lengthy negotiations leading up to it--pass out of committee a 6-year bill, which relates to policies that would underlie a 6-year investment in our crumbling infrastructure. That is the good news.  It was ultimately a bipartisan effort in the tradition of the committee. There is not too much to make partisan about moving goods and people from here to there efficiently except for those who are opposed to the Federal Government being involved and, who, luckily, don't represent a majority on our committee. So that is the good news.  The bad news is we still do not have the funding mechanism before us, so we have to do another short-term extension. Also, the currently stated objective for funding is totally inadequate. I mean, America is falling apart. It is embarrassing, actually.  These States, including many all-red Republican States--14 States--have voted to raise gas taxes since 2013 to invest in maintaining or in rebuilding their infrastructure or in building out new transportation options to get their citizens and goods out of congestion--14 States. Since 2008, nearly half of the States have taken action to raise more funds.  The Federal Government last raised the gas tax in 1993, and we are told any increase in user fees--gas tax, barrel tax, indexation of the gas tax, vehicle miles traveled--is all off the table. We cannot ask those who use the system to pay user fees to improve the system that they use on a daily basis. I think the American people are more realistic than that.  Luckily, this bill contains a provision that, should this Congress or a future, more enlightened Congress decide to allocate additional funds, those funds will flow through under the policies set out in this bill and the formulas set out in this bill without any further action by Congress, as it is really a good idea to avoid coming to Congress for anything whenever you can. So that is, I think, a very important provision of the bill.  There is an AP story today that kind of goes to the heart of this, and it talks about the fact that, in many States, they are abandoning roads and bridges. We are not just talking about the rural heartland anymore. This has been somewhat commonplace in the rural heartland, where they have been saying, ``We can't afford to pave these roads anymore. We are going back to gravel.'' We are talking about King County in Washington State. We are talking about the counties and State areas surrounding Des Moines, Iowa.  We are talking about major urban areas and the fact that, since the Federal Government has failed to invest and to live up to its partnership for major, critical urban area projects or major projects for our ports or other choke points on the system, States have had to concentrate resources there.  They have tried to raise more money, again, with no help from the Federal Government. Now they are having to abandon the 20th-century transportation system. I mean, that is pretty darned pathetic, that we are not holding up our end of that bargain and making any effort to do that. So that is the bad news part.  As the chairman mentioned, this bill also includes critical provisions to extend positive train control deadlines. With the exception of some portion of Amtrak, nobody will be able to meet the deadline of January 1, which does mean an extraordinary disruption of the movement of freight and commuter and passenger rail across the United States.  We have worked very hard with the Senate in negotiations, and we have a bicameral agreement on the extension. It is tough. It says we are not going to get to this point again. It is not going to be kick the can, kick the can, kick the can.  It says that all of the entities that are required to put in place positive train control will put forward a plan for approval with measurable benchmarks over this 3-year period, and they will be tracked as to meeting those benchmarks during that 3-year period.  So it won't be that, suddenly, we get to the end of 3 years and we hear from a majority of freight and/or passenger-commuter railroads, saying, ``Gee, we just can't make it.''  We will know where we are headed and will be able to target our efforts on those who are lagging behind. At the end of that, yes, it will be possible to get another extension, but they all will have had to have installed the equipment.  The reality is that this is an expensive and complicated process, and putting in the equipment is, obviously, the first critical part and turning it on, but then it can take up to 2 years to get it certified as operational. So we are acceding to that reality in this legislation by saying: 3 years and measurable goals to get to the 3 years. Everybody is up with installation, and, hopefully, most will be operational at that point.  Some may not be due to circumstances beyond their control, even though they have made the necessary investments, and under negotiations with the Secretary of Transportation, they could get further extensions. So that is a very time-sensitive portion of this bill.  I have had many colleagues on my side saying, ``I am really tired of these short-term extensions. I really don't want to vote for another one.''  I have said that this is different. We have the policy in place--we don't have the funding yet--and we have got this very critical element of positive train control.  I am urging Members on my side of the aisle to support this proposal.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  