Speaker, I have listened with interest to the speakers who preceded me, and the gentleman from Massachusetts is absolutely right. The simple solution is to adopt a uniform national mandatory standard that would give that information on the label. Eighty-eight percent of the American people who regularly are polled say: We would like that information on the label.  It will not add cost any more than printing ``red dye no. 2'' on the label adds cost to the label. It will add no cost. It would have a uniform national standard. You wouldn't have to worry about a proliferation of the States, and then you wouldn't have to contradict yourselves as Republicans when, every day, you are down here screaming about states' rights, and now, when States do something you don't like: Oh, my God, states' rights, out of here.  It is not just the labeling. Yeah, there are three blue States that have labeled, and you don't care if you preempt their laws--got that; but there are a lot of red States and purple States and blue States where the departments of agriculture have recognized the reality of GMO and the potential pollution of conventional non-GMO and organic crops.  We had a little incident in Oregon where all our wheat export was stopped because GMO-modified wheat was found in the middle of a very large conventional farm. Until they could figure out how it got there and how much pollution there might be or cross-contamination of Oregon's huge wheat exports, they were all stopped because 64 countries around the world require this labeling, and somehow, the U.S. conglomerates who make food and export processed food are able to label over there.  I have a Hershey's label from the EU. I will show it tomorrow. It's beautiful. It's got an American flag on it, made in the USA, contains GMOs. They can do it over there, but they can't do it here because it would just drive the price up stratospherically. That seems odd.  In fact, this would help them. If we adopted a national standard here--and the way my bill is written, it would be essentially the same as that required in the European Union and 64 other countries--then they could ship their food to all 50 States, the territories, and 64 countries around the world without having to make any changes. They might save some money then if labels are so expensive.  But, no, we are going to have a meaningless, voluntary label. Even worse, we are going to create a new label. We are going to say that ``natural'' means GMO. When you mate a flounder with a tomato plant--which is what they do, just like hybridizing, flounders, tomato plants, they get together all the time--then that is natural.  Or when you take a salmon and you introduce an eel gene--they mate, cross-breed all the time--well, no, actually, they don't--and the salmon grows twice as fast as normal salmon, then that is natural.  You won't be able to say ``contains GMOs'' if you can say ``natural'' and ``natural'' means contains GMOs, unless they want to voluntarily go on and say: Well, under the new ``natural'' label, I can have GMOs, but I am going to put it is natural, but it contains GMOs.  This has the prospect of causing tremendous chaos with a new, very confusing label for the American consumers.  Back to the cross-contamination--again, this is not just a blue State issue; it is a red State issue. We have huge export markets, and those 64 countries will not accept products that contain GMOs. If you strip out State regulations, how they claim they have fixed the bill, and they don't strip out all the State department of agriculture regulations in some 35 States around the country, many of them very red States.  