Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I have already thanked the committee staff. They did do a fabulous job.  I also want to recognize others who were involved: the Senate staff of the Committee on Environment and Public Works; the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation; and the Committee on Finance.  Over here, we are a little more consolidated when we deal with these issues. The Senate is a little more spread out, but that is the Senate. They were all involved and all a critical part of this product.  I also want to thank some others, beyond committee staff. The House Legislative Counsel, led by Curt Haensel, has provided a tremendous assistance in the drafting of this very extensive legislation, as well as the staff of the U.S. Department of Transportation, particularly the Federal Highway Administration.  Curt Haensel and Carolyn Edwards of FHWA have been involved in every surface transportation bill since the nineties, and their expertise was invaluable. We come up with policy ideas, but they have to figure out a way to lay down the legislative language so that we accomplish those goals. So they did great work.  Mr. Speaker, this is, as many have said, historic for this Congress and recent Congresses in terms of the bipartisan nature of it and the fact that we are putting in place long-term assurances for major investments that our country needs for our transportation infrastructure. But it is a starting point. This is not the end.  It provides certainty and modest funding increases for the next 5 years, but it does not even rise to the level of assuring that our transportation infrastructure 5 years from today will be in a better state of repair than it is now.  There are tremendous unmet needs out there. This will help, but it is not the overall solution. Numerous times we have moved money from the general fund into the highway trust fund. We are again engaging in that activity here. The total, at this point, is $145 billion.  I don't resent moving general fund money, but I think there are better ways and more certain ways and more robust ways to finance the future of our investments in infrastructure.  So we can say today we are celebrating, as we should, but there is more work to do. Next week, we should begin anew and recognize that we have to work together--Democrats and Republicans, truckers, transit agency, builders, and shippers--to find a way to restore the user fee mechanism to finance these investments.  President Eisenhower is often credited with establishing the Interstate Highway System, which now bears his name. Actually, Congress designated the system in the forties, but it was not until 1956 that Congress, with then-President Eisenhower, developed a user fee system to actually construct our incredible interstate system.  So we need to work together to renew the mandate and find a path forward for long-term, sustainable funding for these critical investments. Celebrate today, but it is back to work tomorrow.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.  