Chairman, I claim the time in opposition.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  This is an unusual amendment, to say the least. There is no measure of assets done regularly for our transit systems in America. In fact, the only measurement that is done is that we have an $84 billion--B, billion--backlog to bring our existing transit systems up to a state of good repair. That means, basically, I am sure everybody would fail this test.  So if you want to do away with transit in America and get them out of the trust fund--something that Ronald Reagan made a high priority, and he put transit into the trust fund. He was the first Republican to support that, and they have been in ever since.  He said: We cannot ignore our urban centers. They are the engines of economic growth in this country, and we can't ignore them. We need to be able to move people efficiently in those urban areas.  So, since then, we have had a modest proportion of the trust fund--about 20 percent, generally--going into transit.  That is not adequate, as it is not adequate for bridges; 140,000 need replacement or repair. It is not adequate for highways; 40 percent of the system is failing and it needs total rebuilding.  But an $84 billion backlog in transit--they are killing people right here in the Nation's Capital because of the state of disrepair. It is an embarrassment.  There is no transit district in the United States of America who makes money. So what is this about? I don't get it. We are not lending money for them to make a profit and pay off loans. They all receive Federal support, and they need more Federal support.  In fact, in my travels, I have only been one place where they claim the transit district made money, which is Hong Kong. I urge you to go ride there at rush hour and see if you enjoy that experience. It is not very good here either.  But, in any case, no one else claims to make money. And I don't know if they really do. That is a Communist-dominated state. So it is probably not true.  I don't understand the amendment, to tell the truth. I would urge my colleagues to oppose it.  I reserve the balance of my time.  