Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment.  The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes.  Mr. Chairman, we want to go back to the good old days; that is, before Dwight David Eisenhower was President. Here we have what we had before when we didn't have a national highway program. This is the brand-new Kansas turnpike. Oklahoma said: We will build ours. Uh-oh. We have got financial problems.  They didn't.  So for a few years, this brand-new ribbon of concrete ended right here. Kind of odd. This is Amos Schweitzer's farm field. They put up a big wooden barrier. People crashed through it, and Amos towed them out of the field. He was a nice guy.  Until we had a national program where the Federal Government would partner with the States for something that was of national import, it didn't happen. Let's go back to those good old days.  This is a new idea, came from Grover Norquist: We are going to devolve the duty to the 50 States assembled and the territories, and somehow they will magically coordinate this. Oh, by the way, if you happen to be a coastal State with major ports--I think Florida has a few of those--gee, you are going to have to pay for all of the costs of transshipping the goods that flow into your State out to the other States. That is your responsibility. You are Florida, raise the money to do it.  Oh, how are you going to do that?  I don't know. You can't raise taxes on the imports because that would be a Federal responsibility, a different category.  Mr. Chairman, this is an idea whose time has not yet come, an idea whose time passed a very long time ago. We need more investment in the national system. Mr. Chairman, 140,000 bridges need repair or replacement; 40 percent of the highway surface, the roadbeds need replacement; $84 billion backlog in bringing our transit systems up to a state of good repair, and that is not even dealing with a growing population, growing mobility, and the need for a national freight program. And we are just going to send it back to the States, and they will magically somehow take care of it--poppycock.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. DeSANTIS. Mr. Chairman, we would love for these interstate issues to be done at the Federal level. That is what the Federal Government is here for, and that is the way it should be. But when you are talking about purely local issues, there is not a reason to send the money up to Washington and then beg back for pennies on the dollar. That is not an efficient way to do it.  Yes, I think that we do have a responsibility to have an efficient interstate system, but we also need to understand that Washington shouldn't be dictating what local communities do.  And, yes, in a State like Florida where we have a lot of this is intrastate, let's empower the States and let's empower the local communities. Just imagine if they were able to have a portion of that gas tax go directly to them. I think you would see great decisions made.  Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Shuster), the chairman of the committee.  