Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Well, this has been a long time coming, and I congratulate the full committee chairman, the subcommittee chair, my ranking member, Eleanor Holmes Norton, and all the members of the committee for moving forward a good, bipartisan product. None of us got everything we wanted in that bill, but there is a lot of good policy in there. The funding still leaves a lot to be desired.  It will begin to address the infrastructure crisis in America. Mr. Chairman, 140,000 bridges need substantial repair or replacement, and 40 percent of the road surface on the National Highway System has deteriorated to the point where you have to dig up the roadbed and rebuild the road, not just resurface it, and on our major transit systems, our legacy transit systems, $84 billion to bring them up to a state of good repair--$84 billion. It is so bad that they are actually killing people here in Washington, D.C., because of the decrepit nature of the mass transit system.  Mr. Chairman, this bill will begin to deal with those issues. It will give the States a 6-year planning horizon so they can plan longer term projects. Longer term projects mean more bang for the buck and more jobs will be created.  The bill also increases the percentage for Buy America so we will create more jobs here in America in the area of transit. In fact, the strongest Buy America requirements for all Federal procurement--much stronger than the Pentagon--are in transportation. So these dollars recirculate in our economy. They employ Americans, and they subcontract with American small businesses. Those moneys recirculate in our communities and can create real growth and wealth.  But as I mentioned earlier, we are still not certain whether there will be amendments allowed, and a number of Members have contributed to the Rules Committee proposals to increase funding with one form or another of user fee. User fee has been the tradition since Dwight David Eisenhower said that this will be a self-funded program funded by gas tax. The Federal gas tax hasn't gone up since 1993--18.3 cents a gallon. There are many meritorious proposals to change that in different ways, to index it, to have a temporary increase with a commission, a barrel tax, and a straight-up increase in the gas tax to have it catch up with inflation. There is a myriad of them out there, and I hope that some are allowed and that this body is allowed to work its will.  Eight all-red States have raised their gas tax in the last year, and not a single State representative or senator has been recalled or lost their election because of it. The American people get it. If they don't want to blow out their tires and break their rims in potholes, we need to invest. If they don't want to be detoured around closed or weight-limited bridges, we need to invest. If they wonder whether they are going to get there alive or get there at all when they get on a mass transit system, we need to invest at every level.  The investment is not what it should be in this bill, but there are many good policies. There are new, national, first-time-ever major freight and highway projects of national and regional importance. We need a focus on moving our freight more efficiently in this country. As I mentioned earlier, we are getting an increase in Buy America. We also reform the workforce retraining programs which will create career pathways for minorities, women, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and low-income workers.  It boosts funding for railway-highway grade crossings to save lives and improve safety, motor carrier safety grants, and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration grants. It ensures higher standards for transit safety, protects bus driver safety, and encourages States to provide mental health and substance abuse treatment for DUI offenders.  It improves safety for the transport of hazardous materials and provides critical protections for crude-by-rail shipments. It will provide more information for State emergency responders, and it will require comprehensive--it is amazing we don't have that now--oil spill response plans, and it will increase the safety of oil tank cars by requiring thermal blankets and other improvements.  All in all, there is much, much to commend in this bill. It also looks to the future, and it would put in $115 million to allow States to test new ways of raising the money necessary to rebuild, maintain, and improve the efficiency of our national transportation system, whether it would be vehicle miles traveled or other, new innovative ideas, and that is what we have got to look toward in the future. We cannot continue just on a gas and diesel tax forever.  So I, again, applaud the chairman, the subcommittee chairman, and my colleagues on the committee. I look forward to a long, robust, and open debate over amendments. Hopefully the bill will come out of that process improved and not damaged and will get broad support here on the floor of the House.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  