Chairman, I was pleased to hear the gentleman who preceded me in the well acknowledge climate change and say that GMOs are the solution.  I do think climate change is a problem. I don't think GMOs are the solution.  Let's go to some of the arguments we have just heard: This is what we have been doing for millennia, hybridization, you know, where you graft the plant onto another plant.  I am not quite sure when the last time was when a flounder mated with a tomato plant, but we now have tomatoes that have injected into themflounder genes in order to enhance production, or the last time an eel mated with a salmon. They are putting eel genes into genetically modified salmon--Frankenfish--so they will grow twice as fast as other fish, twice as fast.  Now, they say: Don't worry. They won't get out. And, besides that, most of them are sterile. Yes. Right. Okay. So what happens when they do get out and they begin to cross-breed with real salmon as opposed to eel salmon or whatever these things are?  This bill would prohibit any labeling. You catch a real salmon, it is a salmon. You present someone with a GMO eel salmon, it is a salmon. You can't distinguish. You don't have to disclose. So that is not exactly hybridization, folks.  You know this thing about being politically motivated, nonscientific, and scare tactics because we want to have it disclosed that GMOs are contained in the product. Well, I didn't hear those arguments when they required red dye number two or cellulose or xanthan gum. Why not GMOs?  Sixty-four countries require the labeling of products that contain GMOs, not the United States of America. Bastions of democracy like China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, require it for their consumers. But, no, we are not going to allow that in the United States of America.  Proliferation of labels. Yes. That is happening at the State level. And that is states' rights, which Republicans normally are for, except when a State does something they don't like, and then they are against it.  But there is a solution to that, my bill, which would require a uniform national label which just simply discloses ``contains GMOs.'' It won't cost any additional money, since they are having to change the nutritional labels anyway.  The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired.  