Chairman, this bill would deceive consumers. It would say that there will now be an FDA definition of ``natural.'' The FDA has never, ever wanted to try and define ``natural'' and that it would include GMOs. Something labeled as ``natural''--Cheerios, naturally flavored--if it contained GMOs, they wouldn't have to say that.  So consumers often, in fact, confuse the ``organic'' and the ``natural'' label. In fact, some polls show that consumers more often think ``natural'' is natural and they are not quite sure what ``organic'' is. This bill is going to muddy those waters further, deceive consumers, and have them buy things labeled ``natural'' that contain genetically modified organisms.  Why is that in this bill? We can fight over the labeling standards for disclosure. Why are you going to muddy the waters and confuse things and create a new mandatory Federal definition and label for ``natural'' that contains GMOs?  Again, here we have all natural vodka creamy marinara. Wow, that is something. And again, this has a number of things in it that very likely contain GMOs that wouldn't be disclosed. But they do have to disclose, and she does, cellulose, sorbic acid, whey, xanthan gum, vodka--of course, it is vodka sauce. But in the future, natural, contains GMOs, no disclosure.  This is really, really I think probably the most egregious part of a very egregious bill--preempting states' rights. Remember, this is the party of states' rights. Until a State does something they don't like, then we have got to preempt it.  Then they say, well, we can't have proliferation of labels. Well, there is a very simple solution, my bill, one mandatory standard Federal label that would say, ``contains GMOs.'' Then that label could be sold into the European Union. You would be able to sell to about half of the world's economy with one label; whereas, today, you have got to have one label for the EU, one label for the U.S., and then a multiple of other countries where 50 major corporations sell their products.  This is so disingenuous. It is very discouraging.  