 The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment.  The text of the amendment is as follows:       Page 4, after line 5, insert the following:       ``(3) Labeling of products that are required to be labeled      abroad.--       ``(A) Requirement.--The Secretary shall require that food      produced from, containing, or consisting of a genetically      engineered plant and intended for sale in interstate commerce      be labeled as such if--       ``(i) the person producing or manufacturing the food, or      any affiliate thereof, produces or manufactures an equivalent      food intended for consumption in a foreign country; and       ``(ii) the person or affiliate is required by such foreign      country to indicate in the labeling of such food that it is      produced from, contains, or consists of a genetically      engineered plant.       ``(B) Definition.--In this paragraph, the term `affiliate'      means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under      common control with another entity.''.  The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 369, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes.  The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon.  Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Chair, there was a time when Monsanto supported labeling. Of course, 64 countries have adopted labeling, including the United Kingdom.  Here is what Monsanto said back then: Monsanto fully supports U.K. food manufacturers and retailers in their introduction to these labels. We believe you should be aware of all the facts before making a purchase. We encourage you to look out for these labels.  That was then; this is now. Now, Monsanto and Monsanto's allies say such labeling is impossible, impractical, and unnecessary. There was a time when Monsanto was proud of their genetically modified organisms. Why not now?  We have heard all of these arguments, some of which aren't exactly accurate, about the great benefits of GMOs. Why not put on there, ``GMOs solve global warming.'' Put it right there on the label. For all the people who are concerned about climate change, that would be something.  Now, 64 countries around the world require labeling; and many, many large U.S. firms actually do label in those countries. The countries are all the European Union--that is a pretty big slice of the world economy--China, Japan, Australia, South Korea, Brazil, India, New Zealand, Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Saudi Arabia. Now, all of those countries require it; U.S. manufacturers ship products to those countries, and they put it on the label.  Now, Hershey's is not the only company that does this. This is a Hershey's label, and it is ``made in the USA.'' We like that. We like exporting things around the world, so we are very proud of the exports of Hershey's and other food manufacturers, but because of laws in Sweden, they have to say ``contains genetically modified organisms.''  Now, somehow, they can do that there. I mean, the EU has consistent rules, and my bill would have rules consistent with the EU. They could make one label, which would go to about half the world's economy. If it really costs money to print different labels, that would actually save them money, and it would do away with this argument about a proliferation of various different labels across the U.S.  There are some other countries that have different requirements, and they do still export to those countries, too. They can't have a uniform overseas label, but they could get darn close with all of the European Union, United States; and New Zealand and Australia are virtually identical.  Now, it isn't just Hershey's. These large companies go into--at least--50 of the 64 countries that require labeling: Pepsi, Tyson, Nestle, Coke, Mars, Hershey, Kellogg, and Heinz.  Now, I was contacted by Hershey, and they said: We can't deal with the proliferation in the States.  Then they should support my bill. Get a uniform national label. Let consumers know it contains GMOs. Monsanto can go out and tout the benefits or others can tout the benefits of GMOs, and then they could have one label for the EU and the United States.  I reserve the balance of my time.  