Chairman, I rise to call my colleagues' attention to a potentially dangerous situation in southern Lake Michigan. Currently, there is only one air rescue helicopter serving the entire southern Lake Michigan region. Until 1995, that helicopter was located at the Coast Guard air station in Chicago at Glenview, IL. In 1995, the village of Glenview asked the Coast Guard to vacate Glenview's site and, subsequently, the Coast Guard moved the facility to Muskegon, MI.  While the justification for a move is clear, I take issue with the Coast Guard's choice for the location of a new facility. The new site is simply too far away from where the majority of boating activities and accidents occur in Lake Michigan. I believe safety should be the primary factor guiding where the helicopter air rescue station serving southern Lake Michigan should be situated.  The decision about where to base the Coast Guard's air rescue helicopter must consider public safety. The Coast Guard's SAR standard response time is 2 hours. It takes a helicopter centrally based in Michigan at least 80 minutes to reach the Chicago area. It is clear that 1 hour could mean the difference between life and death when boaters are in an emergency situation in Lake Michigan. Simple common sense dictates a response time of 15 to 20 minutes from a base on the southern end of the lake would be safer.  Other factors for which the Coast Guard did not account for are population and accident rates. According to July 1996 Census Bureau statistics, the population of counties bordering Lake Michigan in Indiana and Illinois is 6.4 million people. Michigan's shoreline population in the region is only 715,000. It stands to reason that the more populated areas of the Lake Michigan shoreline are at greater risk for boating accidents.  In addition, northwest Indiana's casino boats, which now carry thousands of people each year, and Chicago's dinner and sightseeing boats, which carry over 1 million passengers per year, accentuate the southern Lake Michigan region's need for a Coast Guard helicopter that can respond very quickly in emergencies.  Recent events have highlighted the need for a helicopter rescue team which can respond. Twenty-six people died in Lake Michigan between October 1, 1995, and October 1, 1996, compared with just 4 deaths in the previous year. Thirteen of those deaths were the result of boating and jet skiing accidents and occurred in lake waters between Gary, IN, and Waukegan, IL.  This is a serious problem and, for the sake of the tens of thousands of people along the southern shore of Lake Michigan who use the lake for recreational and commercial purposes, I would hope that this body and the administration would act to improve their safety, safety that has been seriously jeopardized since 1995.  I would simply add my thanks to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Gilchrest] for his earlier colloquy with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Davis] recognizing the situation we find ourselves in and his commitment, and I am sure the commitment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Clement], to seek resources to make sure that the safety of everyone along that southern shore of Lake Michigan is protected.  