Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to John T. Myers and in strong support of H.R. 1058, designating the new postal facility in Terre Haute, IN, as the John T. Myers Post Office.  John Myers' career is one of inspiration and dedication. The third most senior Republican in the House and the Republican dean of Indiana's congressional delegation when he retired last year, John Myers served the people of Indiana's Seventh Congressional District with honor and dignity for 30 years. During the course of those years, John earned the reputation as aman of impeccable character, honesty, and integrity. A staunch fiscal conservative, John took great pride in the knowledge that he never voted for a tax increase as he worked hard to provide a better life for his children and his grandchildren as well as all the children of our Nation.  I had the honor of serving with John since I was first elected to Indiana's congressional delegation in 1984. Before that I got to know him when I worked on the staff of the late Congressman Adam Benjamin, Jr. From the moment I met Mr. Myers over two decades ago, I never once doubted that he was someone I could trust as both a generous friend and a trusted colleague.  John's leadership on the Committee on Appropriations, the committee on which I serve, was particularly distinguished. From the time he joined the committee in 1970, John compiled a remarkable legislative record, punctuated by fairness and, as many speakers have already said, a sense of bipartisanship.  Throughout his career and most recently as chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, he used his experience to craft needed flood control projects for his farming intensive district. However, John's work on the subcommittee always went beyond helping out his own constituents. He was a longtime advocate for high-technology research, including projects in new cancer treatments, plant biodiversity, superconductivity, and general science at Purdue, Indiana State, and other universities throughout the Nation.  It was a great honor for me to serve under his chairmanship on the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development in the last Congress. Although I was sad to see John Myers leave the Congress last year, his presence has left behind an indelible impression on the men and women with whom he served. Passage of H.R. 1058 is a fitting tribute to a man who never really left behind his hometown roots in Indiana and yet managed to become one of this body's most honorable and capable leaders. I wish John, his wife Carol, and his family every happiness.  