Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Pastor Emeritus Ralph G. Hoffmann on his 60th-year ordination anniversary as a priest in the Gary Diocese. On Sunday, May 18, 1997, the parish of St. Mary of the Lake in Miller, IN, will honor Monsignor Hoffmann at a Tribute and Toast, which will feature a potluck dinner and several guest speakers.  Monsignor Hoffmann was born in 1911, in Hartford City, IN. He attended school at St. John the Evangelist, in Hartford City, IN, and St. Joseph's College. With the support of his family, Monsignor Hoffmann joined the seminary and studied at St. Gregory and St. Mary of the West, both in Cincinnati, OH. Shortly after his ordination on May 22, 1937, a day he describes as the highlight of his career, Monsignor Hoffmann accepted his first assignments at Holy Trinity Hungarian Catholic Church, in East Chicago, IN; and St. Mary's Church, in Michigan City, IN.  In 1943, Monsignor Hoffmann began the portion of his career for which he is best remembered when he served in the European theater of operations as an Army chaplain during World War II. Assigned to the 83d Infantry Division under the command of Maj. Gen. Robert Macon, Monsignor Hoffmann offered spiritual guidance and moral support to soldiers who took part in the Battles of Normandy, the Hurtgen Forest, Greater France, and the Battle of the Bulge. Before leaving Europe in 1946, he met Gen. George Patton and Gen. Omar Bradley. In addition, he was granted a private audience with Pope Pius XII, where he was asked to discuss the state of Austria. Monsignor Hoffmann was separated from the service in May 1947 with the rank of major.  Upon his discharge from the U.S. Army, Monsignor Hoffmann served several parishes, including St. Dominic, in Bremen, IN; St. Patrick, in Chesterton, IN; and St. Mary of the Lake, in Miller, IN; where he remained for 20 years. Monsignor Hoffmann was also appointed to a variety of organizations within the Catholic Church during his career. In 1958, he became the first director of the Priests' Eucharistic League. In addition, he served as the area moderator of the Council of Catholic Men in 1965, diocesan coordinator of the 41st Eucharistic Congress in 1975, and was appointed Episcopal vicar of the Gary Vicariate in 1976. Eight years later, Monsignor Hoffmann was appointed Episcopal vicar and dean of the St. Matthew Deanery.  In addition to being very active within the church, Monsignor Hoffmann devoted much of his time to public service as well. In 1975, then-Governor Otis Bowen appointed Monsignor Hoffmann to the Indiana Task Force on Migrant Affairs. This task force was comprised of representatives from private and public service agencies, migrant communities, employers of migrants, and concerns members ofthe public. Since his retirement from the priesthood in 1986, Monsignor Hoffmann has remained active within the community, through his membership with the Knights of Columbus and Sierra Club, as well as his continued involvement with his former parish, St. Mary of the Lake.  Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating Monsignor Hoffmann on the 60th-year anniversary of his ordination. I would also like to take this opportunity to commend him on his service and dedication to our country and the citizens of Indiana's First Congressional District