Speaker, I rise today to mark the 23d anniversary of Turkey's invasion, and subsequent occupation, of Cyprus.  In 1960, Cyprus gained its political independence from the British Empire. Fourteen short years later, however, this independence was shattered when 6,000 Turkish troops and 40 tanks invaded the north coast of Cyprus and proceeded to occupy nearly 40 percent of the island. The ensuing fighting killed thousands of Cypriots and forced hundreds of thousands from their homes. Today, there are 1,619 people still missing, 5 of whom are U.S. citizens.  Twenty-three years after the invasion, we gather to remember those who died and to ensure that the world never forgets that Cyprus is a land divided. More than 35,000 Turkish troops continue to occupy Cyprus in violation of international law. A barbed wire fence cuts across the island, separating families from their property and splitting this once beautiful country in half.  I am pleased that President Clinton has taken positive steps to resolve the situation in Cyprus, including his recent appointment of Ambassador Richard Holbrooke as a special envoy to Cyprus. I strongly encourage Ambassador Holbrooke to hold Turkey accountable for its brutal occupation of Cyprus and to ensure that the island is returned to its rightful owners.  The occupation of Cyprus is one of the reasons that I offered an amendment to the Fiscal Year 1997 Foreign Operations appropriations bill that would have effectively cut $25 million in United States economic aid to Turkey. This amendment, which the House overwhelmingly approved by a vote of 301 to 118, sends a clear message to Turkey that its illegal and immoral occupation of Cyprus will not be tolerated by this country.  Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join with my colleagues in standing up against Turkish oppression in Cyprus. I would especially like to extend my thanks to the gentleman from Florida [Mr. Bilirakis] for his tireless work to ensure that the people of Cyprus are not forgotten. Twenty-three years is a long time to wait, but it is my sincerest hope that our actions will help persuade Turkey to end its unlawful occupation of Cyprus.  