Chairman, I rise today to reiterate my commitment to balancing the budget of this country and to announce my reserved support for the resolution.  I support the resolution because I wish to move the budget process along, but I also feel compelled to enumerate a serious concern I have regarding the pending resolution. The targets outlined today should be enforceable and they are not. Why should they be enforceable? Let us look at the historical record.  Under the 1982 budget resolution shown on the chart to my right we were told that the budget would be balanced in 1984. The green lines are targets. The red lines are the truth. The budget was not balanced. In 1985, under Gramm-Rudman 1, we were told that the budget would be balanced in 1991. It was not.  In 1987, under Gramm-Rudman 2, we were told that the budget would be balanced in 1993, and it was not. In 1990, under the Budget Enforcement Act, we were told that finally the budget would be balanced in 1994, and, again, all of those green targets show a balanced budget. All of the red lines show the historical record.  Today the last lines I will draw attention to would be the 1997 deal that does not even give the pretext that in the immediate future the deficit will go down. The red line shows the March CBO baseline.  What do all of these budgets have in common? None contain enforcement mechanisms and never was the budget balanced. That is why earlier this year I introduced the budget enforcement act of 1997, which was cosponsored by my colleagues, the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Minge], the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Stenholm], and the gentleman from California [Mr. Dooley]. That is why I joined with 59 of my colleagues in sending a bipartisan letter to the Committee on the Budget requesting that tough enforcement language similar to that contained in the balanced budget enforcement act be included in tonight's resolution.  When the Committee on the Budget did not include comprehensive enforcement language, an effort was made in the Committee on Rules to give the entire House the opportunity to approve or reject enforcement procedures as part of the budget resolution approved by the committee. Unfortunately, the Committee on Rules rebuffed this request.  This is a serious flaw and one reason why I and other supporters of the conservative coalition budget will work hard to overcome the experience of history and keep the pressure on all parties involved to make sure that the targets set today are finally met tomorrow.  Mr. Chairman, I rise today to reaffirm my support for a balanced budget.  Since coming to the Congress in 1985, I have been committed to balancing the Federal budget for the future of our children and our children's children. That is why I am an original cosponsor and strong supporter of the Blue Dog Coalition budget. The coalition's budget sets a benchmark for balancing the Federal budget in a manner that is both a fair and responsible.  First, the coalition budget sets a smooth and steady glidepath to a balanced budget. It reduces the deficit by a roughly equal amount each year for the next 5 years, achieving 38 percent of its deficit reduction in the first 3 years. One of the reasons that the coalition budget contains such a steady glidepath is because it postpones tax cuts until we complete the tough work of balancing the budget. I do not oppose tax cuts, but I do believe that our first priority should be to put our fiscal house in order. By delaying tax cuts, the coalition budget is able to avoid adding billions to the Federal debt and will save additional billions by not paying interest on that debt.  Because it resists the temptation to grant expensive tax cuts before the budget is balanced, the coalition budget is able to address many of the long-term financial problems faced by entitlement programs. The coalition budget plan makes important structural reforms to Medicare and Medicaid, and extends the life of the Social Security to the year 2043. The coalition budget deals with these issues so effectively that it balances the budget without relying on the Social Security trust fund surplus by the year 2005, and would not rely on any trust fund surplus by 2007.  The lessons of previous budget resolutions, is that reaching an agreement to balance the budget does not guarantee that the budget will actually be balanced. We need only look to the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings experiences of the past decade to be reminded how easily a balanced budget agreement can fall off track. The coalition budget addresses this reality by including strong enforcement provisions based on legislation that I have introduced along withour colleagues Representatives Stenholm, Minge, and Dooley. This bill, the Balanced Budget Enforcement Act, H.R. 898, would reform the budget process by locking in deficit reduction through hard deficit targets, which would be enforced by across-the-board sequestration if the targets are not met. Without meaningful enforcement mechanisms like this one, we run the risk of passing a budget resolution that amounts to nothing more than Gramm-Rudman III.  In many ways, the coalition budget represents the perfect world.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a perfect world, and as such, I have reached a point where I am willing to put the ideals of the coalition budget aside and support a bill that will get us to a balanced budget despite its flaws.  First and foremost, I am concerned that the tax cuts contained in the committee-approved budget resolution will sabotage our efforts to achieve a balanced budget by 2002 and keep it balanced thereafter. We have repeatedly been assured that the tax cuts in this bill have been structured in such a way that they will not prevent us from balancing the budget by 2002. Despite these assurances, there is overwhelming evidence to suggest that the cost of many of these tax cuts will rise substantially after 2002, when they are fully phased in. For instance, the Joint Committee on Taxation has estimated that, in the 5 years after 2002, the tax cuts outlined in this bill will cost an additional $165 billion, almost twice as much as in the preceding 5 years. It would be a cruel hoax on the American people if we enact tax cuts this year, only to have these same cuts cause the deficit to explode again after 2002.  I am also concerned that the specific nature of the tax cuts contained in the resolution will benefit the wealthiest in our society, while those who really need tax relief will be left out in the cold. Clearly, if we are going to enact tax relief this year, we should do so in a way so that the cuts we approve are targeted to people on Main Street, not Wall Street.  I am also disappointed that this budget does not follow a steady glidepath to balance. While the coalition budget reduced the deficit smoothly from 1998 to 2002, the committee-approved budget resolution actually causes the deficit to increase in the first several years before from an estimated $67 billion in fiscal year 1997 to $90 billion in fiscal year 1998, where it will hold nearly steady until the painful cuts kick in and the deficit falls to $53 billion in the year 2001, eventually achieving a $1 billion surplus in the year 2002. In fact, more than two-thirds of the deficit reduction occurs in the final 2 years of the plan. This is an approach that was tested--and failed--in the early 1980's under President Ronald Reagan. When it came time to make the difficult cuts, they did not materialize, and the deficit skyrocketed. One has to wonder how much money could be saved in interest on the Federal debt if we began chipping away at the deficit earlier, rather than later, in the process.  Concerns about the exploding nature of the tax cuts makes enforcement of this budget resolution even more important. That's why on May 13, I joined 59 of our House colleagues in sending a bipartisan letter to Budget Committee Chairman Kasich and ranking member Spratt, requesting that tough enforcement language, similar to that contained in the Balanced Budget Enforcement Act, be included in the budget resolution. When the Budget Committee did not include comprehensive enforcement language, an effort was made in the Rules Committee to give the entire House the opportunity to approve or reject enforcement procedures as part of the budget resolution approved by the committee. Unfortunately, the Rules Committee rebuffed this request, and the House will not have the opportunity to vote on a resolution that contains strict enforcement mechanisms.  Finally, I am concerned that the budget resolution before us puts off many of the difficult decisions on entitlement programs. As we all know, many of these programs, which primarily serve the elderly, disabled, and children, will be in serious financial jeopardy when the baby boomers start retiring in the next 10 years. While this budget resolution extends the life of the Medicare part A trust fund by 10 years, it shies away from tackling the long-term problems faced by Medicare and other entitlement programs.  In closing, I believe that balancing the budget is our moral responsibility as Members of Congress. I have always supported a balanced budget, and the responsibility to achieve this goal is not one that I take lightly. For the first time in more than a generation, we have a realistic chance to pass a budget that will actually achieve balance in 5 years. Although I would much prefer to see an enforceable budget resolution, where the deficit decreases every year and tax cuts don't threaten to undo our efforts after 2002, the time has come to put the future of our children and grandchildren first by voting for this balanced budget resolution.  