Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise for four purposes. First of all, as the cosponsor of this amendment, I rise to emphasize to the body that this is a bipartisan proposal authored by the gentleman from Oklahoma [Mr. Istook] as well as myself.  My second purpose in rising is to ask that we view this issue on the merits and the factual basis. Such words as intolerance, disgraceful, bitter, mean-spirited, angry, stolen, have all been used today during the debate, but we ought to look at the factual basis as to what the gentleman from Oklahoma [Mr. Istook] and myself want to do.  The first thing we want to do is as a national Government, we are asking States and local governments to do more, but we are not providing them in this instance the tools to collect the necessary revenue to proceed.  Second, for all those entrepreneurs who want to make a living and pay taxes themselves and support their families, they are placed at a significant competitive disadvantage. That is all we are trying to do.  In my remaining time, the fourth point I want to address is what we are not trying to do. The gentleman from Oklahoma [Mr. Istook] and I often disagree. One area we have never disagreed on is the issue of the Constitution of the United States. We are not violating any provision of that document, and the High Court of this land has said that the collection of taxes on sales to non-Indians does not violate tribal sovereignty or any treaties the United States has with tribes. We are not attacking the sovereignty of Indians.  I would also point out that our country has agreements and treaties with other sovereign nations as far as the collection and disposal of taxes.  Finally, if we were trying to do something that was in violation of the sovereignty of these nations, a number of Members who have stood up in opposition to our amendment have also talked about the compacts and the value that these compacts have already had that have been entered into by various units of government and the tribes. That is all we are asking be done. That has been found to be constitutional.  The second argument put forth today is that we have essentially called for a shutdown on the transfer of tribal lands. We are trying to kill that process. We are asking for a moratorium. The fact is, and I would acknowledge that this is not the most precise amendment that has ever been offered on this issue, we tried to do that last year on June 20, and we were prohibited from doing so today. We have tried to address this issue surgically in authorizing legislation that has not had hearings held on it, despite the fact that there are now 56 cosponsors of that legislation.  What we are simply saying, to capture people's attention and to make sure this situation is addressed, is if the desire to purchase new lands takes place, we have to submit that process to the congressional authorization and appropriation process and it can proceed. We do not prohibit them.  The issue of the compacts, we have compacts. The system is working just fine. The problem is the U.S. Supreme Court on six different occasions has said that the States have the right to collect these taxes, but the Court has barred the States from filing suit. There is no incentive at all on behalf of any of the tribes to enter into good faith negotiations.  All we are trying to do is to level that playing field to ensure that there is an incentive by the tribes to sit down in good faith, with governmental entities of good faith, to make sure that these compacts do proceed so we can protect State and local revenues as well as small entrepreneurs.  There has been a dispute as to what is really the loss of revenues. I went to St. Mark's grade school in Gary, IN. All I know is if you are selling a tank of gasoline and not paying 7\1/2\ cents to 34\2/10\ cents of that gasoline you are losing revenues. If you are selling a pack of cigarettes and not collecting 2.5 cents per pack up to 81\1/2\ cents per pack, you are losing money as an institution of the Government. States like New York are claiming they are losing up to $100 million; New Mexico, $2.7 million; California, $30 to $50 million a year.  We are told that, by a number of speakers, we have not held any hearings. What we need are hearings. I could not agree more. On June 10 of last year, when the gentleman from Oklahoma [Mr. Istook] and I offered the amendment we were not allowed to offer today, the chairman of the authorizing committee in the House, the gentleman from Alaska [Mr. Young] got up on this House floor, he got up and said, ``Since I have been chairman of the Committee on Resources, not a single Member of Congress has introduced a single bill on this subject.''  