Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule on H.R. 1.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong opposition to H.R. 1, the Paycheck Reduction Act. This bad bill is just one more attempt by the Republican-controlled 105th Congress to weaken the rights of working men and women. I am very concerned that permitting employers to compensate hourly employees' overtime work in time-off, rather than in cash, will in many workplaces, significantly reduce workers' take home wages.  I oppose this bill because it would significantly weaken labor protections for the people who can lease afford to lose them, such as construction workers. It is the carpenters, electricians, pipefitters, and sheet metal workers, in my district, who during the warm spring and summer months, work all the overtime possible so they can accumulate enough money to last them through the cold winter months. They know that in December, January and February they are going to have more time-off than they want. It is this core of the work force that no longer looks at the 40-hour work week as a standard, but rather, as nostalgia.  These are the same people who are the most likely to suffer coercive practices by their employers by being forced to accept compensatory time--which they don't want and can't afford--instead of benefiting from the premium overtime pay they have earned. In a perfect world, all businesses have the financial resources to cash out all employees at the end of every year for their unused compensatory time, as the bill would require. But this is not a perfect world. Many small contractors do not have the cash resources to even-up with their workers, and they would send them into the slow winter months without the money in their bank accounts that they and their families need to survive. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about pay as you go. A pay as you go policy is the only way companies should be able to pay their workers.  But I don't take my word about the true intent of this bad bill. In February, during a Senate hearing on that body's version of this legislation, one of the Republicans' handpicked comp. time advocates urged support for the bill based on the acknowledged fact that building contractors can't afford to pay their employees overtime. She even went far enough to elaborate on a scheme of how an employer could require a construction worker to work over 50 yours a week without having to pay overtime. Although this testimony was subsequently disavowed, the transparent aim of H.R. 1 and its Senate counterpart is to allow businesses to work their employees overtime without time-and-a-half pay.  What the authors of the Paycheck Reduction Act would like you to believe is that this bill offers workers more control over their working lives. What it really does is take away an individual's right to choose. Under H.R. 1, workers don't have the ability to schedule their earned compensatory time when they need it. In fact, employers can schedule compensatory time anytime they choose without ever having to consult the workers. For example, a working mother who puts in 47.5 hours a week at $5 an hour will earn $256.25 for the week. Substitute comp. time for the overtime premium, and she gets $200 a week and the promise of compensatory time off--totally subject to the employers discretion. That equals an almost 22-percent pay cut for that mother. In essence, H.R. 1 gives employers a veto over their workers' use of their own earned hours off.  I further oppose H.R. 1 because of the subtle, but lasting, negative effects that it would have on worker benefits that are indexed to an employee's hours or earnings. Beyond the short term, H.R. 1 contains no provision for crediting overtime hours worked, and it ignores all the long days and late nights that employees have given to their employers. Because of this, whenever employees draw on benefits tied to earnings, from unemployment to a pension, they're going to experience a reduction in those benefits;  Mr. Speaker, when the people back home in my district sit down each month to figure out financially how they are going to make it through the upcoming month, they take into account their expected overtime wages. Employers don't just hand out bonuses any more. Today, you've got to earn them. I'm voting against this misguided bill because without overtime pay, many of my constituents can't afford to send their kids to college, buy a reliable care for work, or provide themselves and their families with adequate care. This bill guts the protections of the Fair Labor Standards Act, and it undermines living standards for workers. H.R. 1 is not designed to give workers more control over their working lives. It is, instead, an attempt to snatch hard won rights out the hands of this country's workers and deny them basic, simple needs, like respect for their hard work, a decent living wage, and a chance to provide for their families. I urge a ``no'' vote on the Paycheck Reduction Act, H.R. 1.  