Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 82nd anniversary of the Armenian genocide. I am pleased to join my House colleagues on both sides of the aisle in remembering the terrible atrocities that were committed against the Armenian people earlier this century.  Despite the efforts of some, there is no denying that the Armenian genocide occurred. History is clear that the Ottoman Empire engaged in a systematic attempt to destroy the Armenian people and their culture. It started on April 24, 1915, when over 200 religious, political, and intellectual leaders of the Armenian community in Istanbul were brutally executed. By 1923, over half the world's Armenian population--an estimated 1.5 million men, women, and children--had been killed.  The Armenians are an ancient and proud people. In the fourth century, they became the first nation to embrace Christianity. During World War I, the Ottoman Empire was ruled by an organization known as the Young Turk Committee and became allied with Germany. Amid fighting in the Ottoman Empire's eastern Anatolian provinces, the historic heartland of the Christian Armenians, Ottoman authoritiesordered the deportation and execution of all Armenians in the region. By the end of 1923, virtually the entire Armenian population of Anatolia and western Armenia had been either killed or deported.  Despite the well documented fact that over 1.5 million Armenian were killed and hundreds of thousands more were exiled from their homes, there are some who still choose to believe that the genocide did not take place. The U.S. National Archives contain numerous reports detailing the process by which the Armenian population of the Ottoman Empire was systematically decimated. Further denial of the Armenian genocide by certain parties, either due to ignorance or malice, can only be seen as a misrepresentation of history and should be roundly condemned.  While it is important to remember the horrible facts of history in order to help comfort the survivors, we must also remain eternally vigilant in order to protect Armenia from new and more hostile aggressors. Even now, as we rise to commemorate the accomplishments of the Armenian people and mourn the tragedies they have suffered, Turkey and other countries are attempting to break Armenia's spirit by engaging in a debilitating blockade against this free nation.  Last year, I led the fight in the House of Representatives to free Armenia from Turkey's viscous blockade by offering an amendment to the fiscal year 1997 Foreign Operations appropriations bill. Under current law, U.S. economic assistance may not be given to any country that blocks humanitarian assistance from reaching another county. Despite the fact that Turkey has been blocking humanitarian aid for Armenia for many years, the President has used his waiver authority to keep economic assistance for Turkey intact. My amendment, which passed in the House by a bipartisan vote of 301 to 118, would have prevented the President from using waiver authority and would have cut off U.S. economic aid to Turkey unless it allowed humanitarian aid to reach Armenia. Unfortunately, my amendment was not included in the final version of the Foreign Operations appropriations bill and the Turkish blockade continues unabated.  I am proud to say that a strong and vibrant Armenian-American community thrives in my district in northwest Indiana. My predecessor in the House, the late Adam Benjamin, was of Armenian heritage, and northwest Indiana's strong ties to Armenia continues to flourish. Mrs. Vickie Hovanessian and her husband, Dr. Raffi Hovanessian, residents of Indiana's First Congressional District are two Armenian-Americans who have contributed greatly to the quality of life in Armenia, as well as to the Armenian-American community in northwest Indiana.  Although it has suffered greatly, Armenia is once again a strong, sovereign nation. Its people are determined to succeed, and I am proud of the steps that Armenia has made to promote democracy. It is my sincere hope that Armenia remains strongly committed to democratic ideals and that our two countries continue to remain close friends.  In closing, I would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives John Porter and Frank Pallone, for organizing this special order to commemorate the 82nd anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Their efforts will not only help to console the victims and their families, but also serve as a reminder to remain vigilant in the fight to protect basic human rights and freedoms around the world.  