Speaker, I am pleased to participate today in this special order to commemorate Black History Month. As we celebrate the great contributions of African-Americans throughout the history of our country, we can look to the civil rights movementof the 1960's as a pivotal time when what ``was'' and what ``could be'' were brought into striking relief through sometimes violent conflict.  The civil rights movement was a period of enormous growth for our country. As a nation we were forced, by great African-American leaders, such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X, and others, to examine ourselves and confront the forces of hate and ignorance that were cleaving our society. That tumultuous period is now behind us, and many great things have happened as a result of that struggle. The African-American community was strengthened, and as it was, so was the entire Nation.  As we face the present, and look ahead to the future, however, some stark realities exist. The fact remains that much still needs to be accomplished before true equality and racial harmony is a fact of life in this country. Now, more than ever, we need strong African-American leadership. We must have African-American activists, who, like the leaders of the civil rights movement, are able to take action and inspire.  One such activist-leader lives in Indiana's First Congressional District. Mr. James Piggee has been a teacher and coach in the Gary, IN, school system for 30 years, and his activism is unique in that it focuses on educating young black students about their past, while at the same time giving them an opportunity to prepare for the future.  For the past 12 years, Mr. Piggee has been actively involved in organizing and leading the historical black college tour in which over 1,800 students from across the United States have participated. This experience has allowed African-American students to experience various parts of their history and culture as it has developed in traditionally black colleges and universities throughout the country. In addition to gaining an historical perspective on African-American intellectual life, they get a chance to learn about the schools they may one day attend.  One of the many positive results of Mr. Piggee's work is that over 60 percent of the students who participated in one of the tours enrolled at one of the colleges they visited. As part of his work, Mr. Piggee has helped over 500 students secure grants, scholarships, and financial aid to historically black and other colleges and universities in the United States.  Mr. Piggee, who tragically lost his son Marc in a drive-by shooting on November 12, 1996, is an active member in many civic and community organizations in northwest Indiana, including the board of directors of Indiana Black Expo, the State Board of Minority Health Coalition, and Healthy Start. He is a recipient of many distinguished awards, such as the Governor's Voluntary Action Programs and Excellence in Education Award, Indiana University's Outstanding Teacher Award, Gary and Merrillville, IN, Lions Club Teacher of the Year Award, Inland Steel Teacher of the Year Award, Gary Community Corporation Heritage Award, National Council of Negro Women, Gary, IN, Chapter, Outstanding Service Award, and the Indiana State Board of Health Outstanding Service Award.  Besides his continued dedication to teaching, Mr. Piggee is also the coordinator of the developing options opportunity for responsible students, or DOORS, program. This program provides an environment that is conducive to the successful transition from high school to secondary education, the military, or the work force.  Mr. Speaker, activists like Mr. Piggee will ensure that at all levels the fight for equality will not end. His work should inspire us all to look to the future and know that change is always at hand. His work shows us that what is today, can be better tomorrow. In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues, Representatives Louis Stokes and Maxine Waters, for organizing this important special order on Black History Month.  