 In January of this year, my office received a letter from a constituent that hit a roadblock in his attempt to be obtain U.S. citizenship. His father, who petitioned for my constituent's permanent U.S. residence over 8 years ago, suddenly passed away. He had long ago filled out the necessary paperwork and paid the required $1,000 fee.  Last December, my constituent went for his interview with the INS. His paperwork was in order. He was asked if he had ever been in trouble with the law or accepted government assistance. The constituent, who had worked as a manager at a gas station the past 6 years and files his taxes every year, said no. Everything seemed fine. But a week later a letter from the INS came, notifying him that his permanent residence was denied because his petitioner, his father, was dead. Under current law, he has to go back to the end of the line and begin the 8 to 10 year process all over again.  This roadblock only discourages legal immigration. As millions of undocumented immigrants enter this country illegally, law-abiding immigrants like my constituent find that their first interaction with the United States Government is frustrating and confusing. The news of this process surely reaches back to the immigrant's home country. Some might use situations like this as an excuse to forgo the legal process and instead become illegal aliens. This is no way to promote legal immigration.  Madam Speaker, H.R. 1892 would cut down this roadblock in the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1996. Currently, if applicant's petitioner dies after an application is accepted by the INS, the applicant is automatically returned to the beginning of the entire nationalization process, a 7 to 8 year process. They cannot substitute their financial sponsor with another qualified relative.  This legislation would allow for a parent, spouse, son, daughter, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, grandparent, grandchild or sibling, so long as they qualify, to take up the role of financial sponsor from a deceased sponsor, without having an interruption in the nationalization process for the applicant.  It is important to note that this legislation will not allow unqualified applicants to be adjusted or unqualified sponsors to take up sponsorship. Nor will this legislation have any impact on the number of immigrants entering the process. This legislation only affects applicants already in the adjustment process. This bill is noncontroversial, a good fix to this infrequent but substantial problem. It passed the full Committee on the Judiciary by a voice vote.  On July 11, 2001, the President participated in a swearing-in of immigrants at Ellis Island and announced his support for this measure. The President said, ``If a child's parent and financial sponsor should pass away, we should permit the other parent to take over as sponsor.''  The President's recognition that we are a nation of immigrants and his concern that the naturalization process has become unwieldy for legal immigrants serves to quickly right this present injustice. More importantly, his support for such legislation moves us closer to getting this bill signed intolaw. This legislation would correct an injustice suffered by too many immigrants that have chosen to adjust their immigration status through the legal process. Immigrants that apply for this status are financially secure and contributors to our society, not burdens on it. These are the immigration cases that should be promoted, not further frustrated.  Madam Speaker, I would like to thank people who have helped on this bill, including the gentleman from California (Mr. Issa) for all his work on the Committee on the Judiciary; the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Lofgren) and the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Cannon) who were very active in helping us perfect this legislation; and certainly the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Sensenbrenner), the chairman of the full committee; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Gekas), the chairman of the subcommittee; and the ranking members who have worked diligently on working this bill through the entire committee.  Finally, I would like to thank the Khan family who brought this issue to my attention. I look forward to the day when the Khan brothers will become U.S. citizens. These are hard-working individuals who will only be an asset to our community and to our country. I am proud to be able to help them achieve that dream sooner rather than later.  