President, the Senate is now addressing probably the most gut-wrenching decision that an American family can ever face. Without even a single hearing, without any debate whatever, the Senate is tackling an extraordinarily sensitive concern that involves morals and ethics and religious principles, and this troubles me greatly.  The practice of medicine and the regulation of it throughout our history has been properly left by the Constitution to the States. Now, regardless of how a Senator might feel about this tragic case in Florida--and feelings certainly run very high--a Senator ought to reflect on the implications of Federal intrusion before we cast this vote.  I am particularly troubled at the prospect of setting a precedent that is going to have the Congress, in effect, playing ``medical czar'' in case after case because, colleagues, there will be thousands of cases just like this.  I would ask the Senators, will the steps of the Capitol be the new gathering place for America to wrestle with these situations that all concerned consider tragic? I think that is a mistake. That is why I am going to vote against this legislation.  Now, this legislation has particular repercussions for the people of my State. We have voted twice for assisted suicide. I will tell colleagues, I voted against both of those measures on assisted suicide. And I joined all of you, I think, here today in opposing Federal funding for assisted suicide. But I think these matters are not ones where we should trample on the prerogatives of the State quickly. And that is what we are doing today--without a single hearing, without a single opportunity for us to even hear from those most knowledgeable in the field.  I know many colleagues want to speak on this, and I want to respect them. I would note that as a result of the cooperation shown, particularly by colleagues on the other side of the aisle, Senator Frist and others, there has been language added to this proposal so as to at least attempt to protect any State that has acted in this area. My guess is, when the Supreme Court tackles this, they are going to declare it unconstitutional.  But as we go to the vote on this matter, I would urge colleagues to think about what it is going to mean when people from all over this country, all of our States, all of our communities, ask the Congress to step in on these kinds of cases. I think that is a very troubling precedent. It is my intention to vote no.  I thank my colleagues, and particularly the majority leader for his courtesy. I yield the floor, as many others wish to speak on this matter.  