President, across this country, on couches in front of televisions and video game consoles, a silent killer called obesity is stalking America's youngsters--in epidemic numbers. Today, Senator Frist and I are introducing a bipartisan bill, ``The Childhood Obesity Reduction Act'', to jump-start a nationwide, community-based campaign against this menace and help our children grow up healthy.  In my home State of Oregon, obesity may well become the number-two killer of our citizens--after tobacco, also the number-one killer nationally. According to the Oregon Department of Human Services, fully 22 percent of the adults in Oregon are obese and 60 percent are overweight. Even more tragic, and why we are here today, is that U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says at least 31 percent of low income children between two and five years of age in Oregon are overweight or at risk of becoming overweight. A lot of those overweight kids are going to become overweight and obese adults if we just sit on our hands today. Our children are beginning to show signs of devastating diseases that will only lead to a life-long illnesses and increased health care costs. And no statistic can measure the emotional toll that illness takes on a child, their families and others who love them.  The Frist-Wyden legislation, ``The Childhood Obesity Reduction Act'', will work to turn the tide against childhood obesity in two ways. First, it will give teachers, parents and other community leaders a one-stop shop to fight obesity. The Congressional council created by this bill will launch a comprehensive website to help everyone from Physical Education teachers to scout leaders learn what's working in schools and public-private programs. It will also offer information about how to connect with those successful programs and how to adapt them in their own schools.  For example, when a teacher wants to see what can be done to help kids get 30 minutes of activity, something that studies have shown helps to combat childhood obesity, that teacher could go to the website and see what others in a similar situation have done. They would be able to see there are partners like Nike who are willing to step up to the plate and help with programs. But that teacher might also see that physical activity is only one part of the solution and they might find ways to bring in the nutritional aspect as well through other programs that have already proven successful.  The website will also offer help in establishing goals for cutting childhood obesity at that school or in that community--and all these plans will have been evaluated by outside experts for their effectiveness.  Second, after two years, the Congressional council turns the work over to a brand-new foundation. The foundation will keep the one-stop website up and running. But at the same time, they'll be able to raise money, and use it to reward programs that work and fund programs that are sorely needed where childhood obesity threatens most.  Here's an example of how the second component of our bill would work: say an urban school wants to work on getting kids to choose vegetables instead of French fries. When they visit the Web site, they may find a successful program about actually growing fresh vegetables--so they don't think vegetables just come from a freezer or a can. The Foundation will have the wherewithal to do more than just share that information--they may be able to provide the seed money, literally, for a school garden that will grow fresh produce, and change the way those children look at food.  It is not realistic to think that children won't be in a situation where unhealthy choices for foods and snacks are available. The goal ought to be to help them know what the healthy choices are, how to balance what they eat and drink and to know that they need exercise. And the Foundation can keep pursuing those goals for the long term.  I believe that our bipartisan bill is significant for two reasons. First, it emphasizes both sides of the equation--the need for proper nutrition and the need for physical activity. Second, it and because it will create an immediate, one-stop resource, in the form of a Web site, about what we know is working now so that individuals can begin to mobilize their communities and help their children. These are also important steps in assisting our children to become healthy adults.  All of us have the same, simple goal here: getting America's children healthy. There are a lot of folks competing for our kids' attention in this arena. A lot of the competition is pretty attractive: food that's not so nutritious but sure tastes good, and video games that don't burn any calories but can occupy you for an entire afternoon. It's tough for kids to make good choices on their own. That's why it's time to mobilize this nation--and particularly this Congress, by way of legislation--to beat the epidemic of obesity plaguing our children.  