President, tomorrow the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence gets back on the national security high wire as the committee continues to work on legislation reauthorizing the USA PATRIOT Act. I described this process as a high-wire act because success means striking a balance, an equilibrium, between fiercely protecting our country from terrorism while still preserving the privacy and civil liberties that make our democracy so precious.  Chairman Pat Roberts, to his credit, has held several open hearings on this issue. I gladly participated because I believed the open hearings would help to address some of the skepticism about why the PATRIOT Act has almost totally been debated in secret.  Unfortunately, the most important part of the debate, the part where the committee must actually discuss how to walk that high wire, is still going to be done behind closed doors. In my view, this secrecy in going forward will undermine any public confidence that open hearings helped to create.  I have repeatedly and vigorously opposed making these decisions out of public view. Holding the decisionmaking process in secret is a mistake because it makes it harder for citizens to hold elected officials accountable. Holding the decisionmaking process in secret is unnecessary because it is not difficult for the committee to go behind closed doors, certainly, briefly, when necessary, to discuss any PATRIOT Act-related issue that requires secrecy. Holding the decisionmaking process in secret gratuitously feeds the cynicism that citizens have about the Government's true intentions with respect to this law. Keeping these proceedings secret fuels concerns that the committee is making choices that will not stand up to public scrutiny--deciding, for example, that you can only have security if you sacrifice privacy. In my view, that is a false choice. I simply do not believe that protecting our country from terrorism and securing the privacy rights of our citizens are mutually exclusive objectives.  So here is my bottom line: Give law enforcement and intelligence officials the tools they need to protect our country, but stay away from the fishing expeditions. I do not think anybody will argue with me when I say that Congress passed the PATRIOT Act shortly after September 11, 2001, because it was necessary to move in a hurry. It was clear no one could have conceived of the way in which our country was exposed to attack. It was clear that the Federal Government needed to make major changes in how it fought terrorism, and those were needed immediately.  