President, Senator Snowe and I are once again teaming up to work on a bipartisan commonsense proposal to help America's seniors receive affordable prescription drugs. Our bill, ``The Medicare Enhancement for Needed Drugs Act'' or ``MEND Act'' focuses on cost containment.  At our request, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) recently reviewed drug cost trends. For 77 prescription drugs frequently used by seniors on Medicare the usual and customary price increased 21.8 percent from January 2000 through June 2004, a 4.6 percent average annual rate of increase. They also found that the process for the brand drugs increased 26.4 percent for that same time period whereas prices for generic drugs increased 8.3 percent. We need to make sure that Medicare has every weapon in its arsenal to assure seniors and Medicare get the best deal possible on prescription drug prices.  One of the most important tools for Medicare to use to assure better prescription drug prices for seniors is bargaining power. That tool is missing from the legislation Congress passed in 2003. The legislation that Senator Snowe and I are introducing today, the MEND Act, would provide the Secretary of Health and Human Services that tool. As responsible stewards of the taxpayers' money, Congress must provide Medicare all the tools, including bargaining power, in its cost containment arsenal.  This concept was endorsed by the outgoing Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson. The Congressional Budget Office in a letter to me last March stated that striking the so-called ``non interference'' provision in the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act could provide opportunities for savings.  In addition to providing the Secretary with bargaining power, the MEND Act will require the Secretary to negotiate on behalf of what are known as ``fall back'' plans, those plans that are provided when there is no choice of a drug plan and the company administering the benefit is not at risk. In addition, if any plan asks the Secretary for assistance in negotiations for any covered drug, the Secretary must assist the plan. Lower drug prices should mean lower premiums; lower out of pocket costs and a better benefit.  America's seniors are savvy and they will shop around for a plan that is going to provide them the best deal on prescriptions. That is why the MEND Act also requires Medicare to provide a comparison of how much a plan is saving seniors on the cost of the most commonly used drugs. Giving seniors more control over their health care and health care dollars will also help keep costs down.  