SPECTER. Mr. President, I have the floor. I have not propounded the question yet.  National security letters have been in existence for decades. While we take up the PATRIOT Act, we have used this occasion to add protections so that whereas today they are secret, we have explicitly provided the right to consult with a lawyer. I don't disagree there ought to be that right without providing it explicitly. Somebody ought to be able to go to a lawyer, but if they get a national security letter today, they are betwixt and between.  Originally, this legislation had a requirement you had to tell the FBI who the lawyer was. The FBI wanted that provision because there are some lawyers who have been alleged to be involved in collusion with the terrorist organizations. As I said earlier, Senator Leahy objected to that and I agreed that you ought to be able to hire your own lawyer. If the FBI asks, okay, it is a fair request and you can tell them.  Then we provided you can quash those national security letters if they are unreasonable. If you go to a judge and you say, this is unreasonable, now the standard of reasonableness is all over the law, what a reasonable man would do. Is that too high of a bar? There is judicial review.  You come to the point of disclosure where you have the issue as to whether disclosure will impede the investigation. All through the law, there are limitations on disclosure where there is a legitimate law enforcement concern about not impeding an investigation. The determination as to whether you have a national security issue or are impeding diplomatic relations is a pretty touchy subject. We passed a Senate bill with a provision that on national security letters--until now there has been no challenge possible at all.  We put statutory challenges in our Senate bill, and renewing a nondisclosure requirement, the certification by the Government--anybody in the Government, no delineation as to who--``that disclosure may endanger the national security of the U.S. or interfere with diplomatic relations shall be treated as conclusive unless the court finds the certification was made in bad faith.'' That is a pretty tough standard. But that was the Senate bill. Then in the conference report, we kept it. The Senator from Oregon was one of 100 Senators who did not object to the PATRIOT Act being passed by unanimous consent. But in the conference report we said let's do a little more here. Before you have a certification, let's make sure it is somebody who has a lot of responsibility--the attorney general, Director of the FBI, deputy attorney general, et cetera.  My question to the Senator from Oregon is this: Aren't those at least somewhat meritorious in protecting civil liberties? Should we have gotten in conference--in a tough conference where Chairman Sensenbrenner, head of the House Judiciary Committee, went the extra mile--should this bill go down? Should this bill be filibustered because of that provision?  