President, as the session winds down this year, I wanted to take a few minutes and bring to the attention of the Senate a new development that I think will be of great interest to millions of parents and families across the country. As the distinguished President of the Senate knows from our service in the other body, parents are greatly concerned that their children are bombarded every day with obscene, indecent, profane, and violent entertainment on television. Parents come up to us as legislators and say: What are you going to do to stop this trash? What are you going to do to keep indecent programming away from our children's eyes and ears?  Of course, we all wish for an ideal world where parents would take the most direct action, which is simply to turn the television set off. That is something that can be done without any Government role. But with parents working--and very often both parents working two jobs each to try to make ends meet--that is not always possible.  So as I began to look at how to solve the indecency problem, I asked what could the Government do in this area to better protect our kids from indecent programming on television? I also asked how to do it in a way without a big government bureaucracy program, a one-size-fits-all approach or where the Federal Government would regulate the actual content of the programs on our television sets.  As I began the search to try to figure out a responsible approach to the problem of indecent programming for children, one of the things I found is one of the cable companies and the big television programmers have set up a special tier of programming for those people who are interested in sports and those people who are interested in movies. I looked at it and found that not only had cable companies done this, it seemed to be working as well.They found a way to do it that the subscribers like and which was profitable. I said to myself, if that kind of approach works for sports fans and movie fans, why can we not do it for families as well? Why can we not have a special tier of programming that is appropriate for children and works for families, the way we have special programming for sports and movies?  So earlier in this session, I introduced the Kid Friendly TV Programming Act, which would require all video service providers to implement a tier of television programming that is appropriate for children. In my bill, a kids' tier is defined as a group of 15 or more television stations blocked off in a separate channel area with both programming and commercials on it that are purely kid friendly. Parents would be able to subscribe to this block of stations separate from their regular programming, knowing the programming on their television will not carry material that is obscene, indecent, profane, sexual, or gratuitously violent. In introducing this legislation, it seemed to hit the criteria that were most important to me: more wholesome choices for parents and families but not a one-size-fits-all Government mandate. The Government would put the focus where it ought to be, which is to give parents a block or tier of channels separate from regular programming where there would not be material inappropriate for our children.  After I introduced the legislation, Chairman Stevens and the ranking minority member Senator Inouye of the Commerce Committee, also made an important effort in holding a roundtable discussion on the problem of indecency, which provided some very valuable exposure for the issue. I want to express my appreciation to both of them for their leadership on this matter.  I also want to express my appreciation to the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, Kevin Martin, who has discussed this issue with me on a number of occasions. He gave a great boost to this effort several weeks ago at the forum that was held on indecent programming, where he came out and said that a kids' tier of programming would be a responsible, practical way to make sure our Nation's children had more wholesome choices on television.  This week, spurred on by the legislation, the work of Chairman Martin, and the good bipartisan work done by Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye, the cable industry took a small step in the right direction when six cable companies, including Time Warner and Comcast, announced they plan to offer a kids' tier of programming in 2006.  Having listened for months to arguments that kids' tier is not going to be profitable and it is not going to be practical, we saw the industry finally come to an understanding that it was time to get serious about this problem.  Yesterday, Time Warner released the details of their kids' tier offer. I was pleased to see that their proposal included G-rated stations that run child friendly content 24 hours a day. However, it is unclear what will be included in the package that parents must purchase in order to purchase the kids' tier. Parents still may have to subscribe to a tier that includes stations that carry foul language, excessive violence, and inappropriate sexual content in order to subscribe to the kids' tier.  That is not what my legislation called for at all. It said we had to have alternatives to the kind of inappropriate programming that is out there now. But in order to subscribe to Time Warner's kids' tier, families might also have to subscribe to service which could include inappropriate programming for children.  I am pleased I can say on the Senate floor that at least some people in the industry have recognized the need for a kids' tier of cable programming across our country. For a long time, whenever I brought this up, they basically said western civilization would end if we have this kind of programming that meets the needs of parents and families. At least we have seen baby steps to address this issue.  What is needed is not different than what parents have at the candy-free checkout lane at the supermarket. Just like parents should not have to take their kids past all the candy to check out at the grocery store, parents should not be forced to surf through obscene programs in order to get to the programs for kids that are appropriate.  In the days ahead I want to make sure that children across the country have an opportunity to have access to this kind of good quality programming, that the kids' tier is implemented properly, and that it does not depend on which community one is in. While a family in Corvallis or Portland in my home State would have a kids' tier available to them because they are served by Comcast, a family in Pendleton or Hood River would not because they receive their cable through a different company. Until all video service providers are offering a kids' tier the job will be incomplete.  My legislation requires that all video service providers institute a kids' tier. I want to make sure families get this option. It is my intent to watch the developments we have seen in the last couple of weeks with respect to Time Warner and Comcast very closely. I am very appreciative of what Chairman Martin has done in this area because he has given great visibility to the question of improving children's programming.  I see Senator Pryor is in the Chamber as well. He has done excellent work on the Commerce Committee on this issue of indecent programming for children.  If we do not see this kind of tier of kid friendly programming done right across this country, I am going to come back to the Senate and push for my original legislation. The private sector has taken baby steps in the right direction, but there is still a great deal left to do. With millions of kids being exposed to indecent, profane, and violent programming, it is important to do this job right, and the Senate ought to stay at it on a bipartisan basis until it is done.  