It is my intent to speak on this amendment I offer with Senator Dorgan and then lay it aside. My hope is we can work something out. I know Senator Collins and Senator Levin are working on something and desire to work with you, as well. If we bring it up now, we can start the discussion on it and work something out.  I see Senator Bingaman. He has been so thoughtful throughout the process as well.  Mr. President and colleagues, the reason I have come to the floor today is because oil prices per barrel are now at an all-time record high. If you scour this legislation, it is hard to find anything in it that would provide relief to the American consumer any time soon. It is my hope as we go forward with this debate, at a time when prices are in the stratosphere, that we work in a bipartisan way and at least provide some help in this legislation for the consumer who is getting clobbered by these historically high costs.  What especially concerns me is it seems to this Member of the Senate that the Federal Government actually makes the problem of high oil and gasoline prices worse every day. Every single day, the Federal Government, through its policies, is compounding the problem the consumers are seeing at the pump because it has been the policy of the Federal Government to fill the Strategic Petroleum Reserve at the worst possible time--when prices are at record-high levels.  When the prices are at a record-high level, it seems to me this is not the time to be taking oil out of the private market and putting it in the Government reserve. It just does not make economic sense to add more pressure to what is already a very tight oil supply. Reducing the supply of oil on the market, of course, leads to higher oil prices. That is simply supply and demand. Because oil accounts for 49 percent of the cost of gasoline, that means higher prices for consumers at the pump. For the life of me, I do not see how it makes sense for consumers, who are already paying sky-high prices at the pump, to then have their Government force them to pay higher prices by taking oil out of the private market and putting it into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. So it does not make sense for the consumer, and, in my view, it does not make sense for taxpayers as well, who have to pay record-high prices for the oil that is taken off the market.  Now, this is not just my opinion. 