President, as we conclude with this amendment, I particularly thank the distinguished chairman of the committee for this extra time and get back to this question of what the amendment is really all about. I do not quibble at all with the fact that this is a laudable effort to promote freedom, as the Senator from Florida is talking about, but I believe it has to be about more than effort; it has to be about a result.  For example, something that strikes me as something that would be very useful is to set up Internet Marti. We have seen, for example, what happened in China. What really rattled the Chinese Government was the presence of the Internet. As far as I can tell, they have been struggling to block that out as well. They have not been able to do that. But that is the kind of investment that would make sense to me.  I would be thrilled to work with the distinguished Senator from Florida on wireless technology, for example. I have served on the Commerce Committee. I have a great interest in technology. I think there is a lot of potential as it relates to these kinds of concerns: wireless technology, Internet Marti.  What brings us to the floor today is that we talk about the flicker of freedom, which I am certainly for. As far as I can tell, the only thing the Cuban people see flickering is all that static on TV. So I hope we can save some money, which is the point of this amendment Senator Dorgan and I have offered, and then counsel together on a bipartisan basis through the chairman of the committee, Senator Lugar, Senator Martinez, our friend Senator Nelson, on something that would be practical. Sign me up for something like Internet Marti, something that would be a well-targeted investment, would allow us to build on the potential to cap other technologies, wireless technologies, Web-based technologies. That is something that seems to me makes sense.  I hope my colleagues will approve this money, allow us to start targeting these Government expenditures during a time of belt-tightening in a more cost-effective way.  I urge the passage of the amendment, and I yield the floor.  