President, no one is saying the FBI should not be allowed to conduct voluntary interviews. A voluntary interview is certainly a legitimate and often nonintrusive investigative technique. But the FBI agents must not be out there in effect demanding the records of our citizens without following proper legal procedures. Since the FBI has been so reluctant to discuss the activities relating to these discreet inquiries of libraries, the PATRIOT Act should require the Bureau to report on this topic. At a minimum, they should be required to tell the Congress how this information is being used so the Congress can determine whether the FBI's use of this provision is appropriate.  In several other areas of the PATRIOT Act there should be modifications. A major problem area, for example, is section 505 that deals with national security letters. National security letters are another way for FBI agents to obtain records. Unlike FISA warrants, national security letters do not require the approval of a judge. The FBI has said the national security letters can be appealed, but the current PATRIOT Act does not specifically discuss this. It is often difficult for recipients to learn more about the requests in their letters and their right to refuse since they are usually barred from discussing the letter with anyone, including a lawyer.  In the recent case of Doe v. Ashcroft, the Federal judge found that the FBI had abused this authority by using a national security letter to demand records from an Internet service provider without telling the provider that the letter could be challenged or even that it could be discussed with a lawyer. Congress should reform the national security letter statute to make it clear that national security letters can be challenged, that they can be discussed with a lawyer, and that anyone who receives one has the right to be informed as to their rights. Congress certainly ought to consider adding sunset to this provision.  Section 206 authorizes the FBI to use roving wiretaps in national security investigations. The roving wiretap authority allows the FBI to tap not just a particular phone but any phone the person being targeted might use. Unlike criminal investigations, there is not even a requirement for the FBI to make sure that the person being investigated is using a line. If a suspected terrorist worked in a warehouse, roving wiretap authority could be used to tap a pay phone in that warehouse, and every person who used that phone could have their conversations secretly recorded. This provision, in my view, again, should be modified, and the sunset should definitely be renewed so the Congress has more time to investigate how it has been used.  Finally, some of the tricky wording in several places of the PATRIOT Act needs to be clarified. A provision that looks like a safeguard for civil liberties may expose Americans to unfair scrutiny when they exercise their rights. In several places, the PATRIOT Act prevents the use of various investigative techniques when the investigation is based solely on the first amendment activities of U.S. persons. Our colleague, Senator Levin, has pointed out that simply saying ``solely'' without clarification can create problems and seems to indicate that it is acceptable to investigate Americans largely or even primarily on the basis of their first amendment activities. I am not convinced this safeguard is actually a safeguard. I hope it will be clarified and strengthened throughout the consideration of the PATRIOT Act.  The Intelligence Committee may finish drafting a reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act in the near future. My sense is the Judiciary Committee will move shortly afterward. It is possible other committees may wish to weigh in on these portions of the PATRIOT Act that fall under their jurisdiction. As we go forward in this debate, as the Congress proceeds to try to walk on that high wire, striking a balance between fighting terrorists ferociously while protecting our civil liberties, I simply say to the Senate this afternoon that the Senate can do better. It is possible, for example, to give the FBI additional emergency power, power that should address the concerns they have raised in the open hearings, without removing the independent checks so necessary in circumstances that are not emergencies.  The bottom line is, let's make sure law enforcement has the tools that are necessary to fight terrorism, to protect the people of our country, but not hang up a sign on this PATRIOT Act reauthorization that says: You hereby have a right to go on any fishing expedition you desire.  The Senate can do better. The job of creating a more balanced protector of security and civil liberties still has work ahead of us. I look forward to working with our colleagues on a bipartisan basis to achieve those ends.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  