Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to thank our very able subcommittee member the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Boyd) for speaking out on behalf of the entire rights of the House and the Members of the House as well as the needs of agriculture. We could not have a harder working member of our subcommittee.  I also wanted to say, Mr. Speaker, that there are many issues that we want to resolve in open dialogue with our colleagues in the other body. What is at issue? Rules that expand opportunities to import prescription drugs from countries where prices are lower. This is of interest to every single family in America. What we do not know is if our bill gets rolled into the transportation bill, what provisions get selected, if any, unless we have an open dialogue in full conference with our colleagues in the Senate. The House provisions? The Senate provisions? No provisions?  We are very concerned about that. In addition to that, the design of and funding levels for emergency assistance to deal with drought, with floods and with disastrously low prices around this country. We know we have a terrible situation where even under current law many farmers and ranchers who have been harmed do not get any help. How are we going to try to deal with that in the conference committee? Who do we trust but a broad array of Members to represent the various segments of agriculture in our country in open conference hearings?  Several of the Members have talked about the trade sanction issue that would affect the shipment of food and medicine from our country and the circumstances under which future sanctions can be imposed, whether it is Cuba, whether it is nations in Africa, whether it is nations in the Middle East. These are all issues that are highly charged and ones that we really believe we should be able to dialogue with our colleagues in the other body. We have not even had a chance to do that.  Also, funding levels for meat inspection and other food safety inspections that are so critical at the Food and Drug Administration and the Department of Agriculture. Frankly, I just do not want some leader who may be from Mississippi in the other body picking a funding level. Our Members have a right to participate in those discussions. They have worked for over a year on this bill. They have a right to be heard. All of the issues dealing with concentration and anticompetitive practices in today's agricultural markets, all those issues are in this bill. These are vital to agriculture in America. What is going to happen to those provisions when there are disagreements between the House and the Senate? Who is going to decide, particularly if we are rolled into a transportation bill where our Members are muzzled and have no ability to participate in the dialogue?  The funding for our programs for the elderly, our nutrition programs for the elderly, our nutrition programs for women, infants and children. All these are on the table. All of the funding levels for our conservation programs, our natural resource programs and certainly our rural development programs. All these programs require the involvement of our Members in full and open conference.  Mr. Speaker, in carrying out the responsibilities of our subcommittee this afternoon, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey), an extremely able member of our subcommittee who singlehandedly was able to assure that the fruit and vegetable growers of our country got recognition in this bill.  