Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, just a few days ago on May 24, this House voted to extend permanent normal trade relations to the People's Republic of China without restriction. Yet based on projections by our own government, the U.S. International Trade Commission, the approval of that agreement threatens to eliminate more than 870,000 jobs in this country, predominantly in the manufacturing area.  They estimate over 742,000 jobs will be lost to China. In my own State of Ohio, over 34,500 jobs are projected to be lost. America has an obligation to assist working people and their families who will suffer from the devastating consequences of job loss due to this deal with China.  What this amendment does is it would help meet our obligations by establishing the China PNTR transitional adjustment assistance program, or China TAA, modeled after the trade adjustment assistance that locked into place when NAFTA was passed.  We have all seen how important that program has been with the hundreds of thousands of jobs that have been moved to Mexico.  Under our proposal, workers could petition for critical reemployment services such as job training, job search, training for important employment in other jobs or careers, and certainly in many cases direct income support.  The very least this Congress should do, and I cannot understand why it was omitted from the base bill that came out of the Committee on Ways and Means, we ought to respond to the basic needs of people who want to work when their jobs disappear. If advocates for PNTR truly believe that America's workers will only benefit from PNTR for China, then they have nothing to fear from this amendment.  We should have a vote on this amendment. However, it is my understanding that this amendment may be struck by a point of order; and therefore, I want to ask my colleagues to join me in establishing a formal China TAA assistance program in a bill that I will drop into the hopper right after this debate today. And I urge Members to join me, along with a growing list of original cosponsors, in making a stand for the workers of this country by cosponsoring this important bill and supporting this amendment.  Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), who has been such a strong voice for working Americans from coast to coast.  