Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for yielding to me.  Mr. Chairman, I am very grateful for the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), the chairman of full committee, for coming to the floor and trying to clarify what is happening here.  As my colleagues know, when our bill was sent to the Senate and we were later called to become conferees, though we were appointed as conferees, we never met as conferees. We never had a chance to sit together. We were not even allowed to work our will on the bill, and many House items fell out as the Senate worked its will. We could not represent the interests of this House and our Members.  I would just like to state for the record that funding for some important programs like Conservation Technical Assistance under the Natural Resources and Conservation Service that help our farmers apply for necessary programs like Wetlands Reserve, Conservation Reserve Program, Conservation Reserve Enhancement Program were dropped. Hopefully, we will be able to restore that so we can get people to apply and to meet the deadlines necessary. One cannot do that without field people out there helping farmers across the country.  Remediating citrus canker, which we had put in the House bill, at nearly $40 million for tree replacement and compensation to growers, was eliminated for some reason; the funds for APHIS to address Pierce's Disease, that is affecting the grape crop in California; were dropped; funds were also removed for the Inspector General, one part of USDA that brings in money as we arrest thieves around the Nation and those who are cheating and committing fraud in these various programs. Further, money was eliminated for our water and waste water grants. We have got people lined up all over the country applying for USDA utilities programs, unable to be served. Through the conference committee that we were not allowed to participate in, over 28 million more dollars removed from that program.  Homeownership loans, resulting in a loss of loan volume of over $296 million, were dropped from the bill. Our mutual and self-help housing grants, assistance to migrant and seasonal farm workers, the replacement of our FDA, Food and Drug Administration, building in Los Angeles--all were dropped out, sometime in the dead of night. We in the House did not have a chance to work our will. Many emergency conservation authorities were removed.  I guess I would just say that I will place in the Record a statement that has come to us today from the Clinton administration, the Executive Office of the President and the Office of Management and Budget, that if we do not fix the Supplemental bill, the President's advisors have recommended vetoing this bill. Thus, I am so grateful for the chairman of the full committee and the chairman of the subcommittee standing here today and entering into this colloquy with the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), the ranking member. It is absolutely essential that these items be restored.  