Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in very reluctant opposition to this amendment, mainly because of the offset and not because of the worthiness of the gentleman's objective here in trying to lessen the burden on seniors who participate in our elderly feeding programs.  I have to say to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Stupak) that I have the highest regard for him and for his trying to be a voice here so ably for all the seniors of our country and their nutrition needs. But for the record I do want to point out that our subcommittee, under great strain, was able to meet the administration's request for all feeding programs, including the elderly feeding program. And, in fact, because we were able to transfer funds, $10 million from other accounts, we were able to increase the amount of funds available in this account from $141 million that is being spent this year to $151 million next year. So that is an increase, and that would help tick up the amount of funds available across our country.  Since 1993, the program that the gentleman wants to take the money from, the PL-480 program, has been cut by nearly half, and for this coming fiscal year, even in the bill we are presenting today, we are $37 million below the administration's request in an account that has been reduced by 42 percent over the decade of the 1990s. So I would beg of the gentleman to find another offset.  I think I sort of feel he is doing half right and half wrong here. Because with the crisis we have in rural America, one of the ways that we are able to help is to use the PL-480 program, as underfunded as it is, to move these commodities around the world. We are certainly moving commodities around our country to our feeding kitchens, to our pantries around the Nation, and through our humanitarian programs; but to take the money from this account really is almost like taking the money from programs that feed starving people and putting it into programs for those who are participating in nutrition programs here in our country that will be funded at the administration's request.  So I am very torn by the gentleman's amendment. I would only encourage him to, as we move toward conference, to work with us on the subcommittee to see if we cannot find other offsets for the gentleman's very worthy request. I would also mention that his amendment might result in increasing the reimbursement rates for senior meals from 54 cents to 57 cents. While local program operators might have legitimate expenses, I guess one could question the real value of this amendment in terms of actual dollars that would be available at the various feeding sites.  So, please, recognize our objection to this is stated very reluctantly only because of the account that it is being taken from, which is not only underfunded for this next year, and does not meet the administration request, but which has been cut by 42 percent since 1993. I would just encourage the author to seriously look at other offsets.  