Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Moakley) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this rule and to ask our Members to vote ``no'' on the previous question on the rule. Now, why do I do that, as ranking member of the subcommittee? The base bill is good; however, we want to defeat the previous question in order to offer an amendment that would allow us to have a real prescription drug benefit provision for the American people. And the only way we can get that amendment is by voting no. In fact, this will be the only measure in this Congress where we will be able to help lower prices in prescription drugs for the American public.  In this bill there is a so-called provision for prescription drugs, but I ask my colleagues to read it. What does it do? First of all, it expires after 5 years. So what importer or wholesaler is going to want to get in the business of bringing in drugs from Canada, at Canadian prices, which are lower than U.S. prices, when you know it would not be continuing down the road?  In addition to that, the underlying measure has a provision that would permit the big drug companies to insert contracting provisions that if any drugs are brought back into our country, for example, from Canada, they could only be sold at the higher U.S. prices rather than at Canadian prices. Our amendment says they cannot do that. They cannot have those kinds of restrictive contracts.  In addition, in the base bill, there is a provision that would deny the ability of the importers in our country to use the FDA-approved label so that we have the same name of the drug and we know that it is scientifically approved by FDA. They actually deny that in the underlying amendment. They would not allow us to amend the bill when we were in the conference committee.  So I would urge the membership to please give us our only opportunity in this Congress to vote for a real prescription drug benefit for the American people. Vote ``no'' on the previous question, this rule.  