Speaker, I would like to thank my very able colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley), and also the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fossella) for sponsoring this resolution and my dear friend and our leader, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel), for sponsoring this resolution this evening.  I, as an Ohioan and a daughter of the Buckeye State, rise with a heavy heart along with our colleagues from New York to extend deepest sympathy to the family, the friends and the colleagues, both in public life, in private life, in church life, for the unselfish life of John Cardinal O'Connor. We mourn with all the loss of this truly great spiritual leader and world figure of enormous proportion.  It is amazing. I guess one could say there are cardinals and then there are cardinals, and without question those of us who hail west of Long Island and New York City kind of viewed Cardinal O'Connor and the New York archdiocese as our connection to the world, and his role stretched beyond the diocese of New York.  I have to think back to a wonderful invitation that was extended to us by the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) to meet with Cardinal O'Connor about 2 years ago when many of us who are very concerned about rebuilding in the former Soviet Union had brought visitors from, in that instance, the Ukraine to New York, people who had never traveled to the United States before, and Cardinal O'Connor agreed to hold mass to introduce these individuals in front of his magnificent congregation in New York City and then afterwards to privately meet with these individuals who could not even imagine that they would have had that set of experiences.  I can remember the cardinal afterwards hosting them in his private residence, something he did not have to do. I can recall during the mass, when it began, how he as a great moral leader but also an individual with great discipline and dispatch walked down the middle aisle of St. Patrick's Cathedral. I will never forget that. He had such a long gait because he was so tall, and he had so much energy you just felt like he lifted New York up; and he lifted all of us by the way he carried himself, and then to listen to his homily, the great humor, the keen mind that he displayed.  And every moment during that very, very special day for us is something I shall never forget and even then more importantly for the people who were our guests from the former Soviet Union, he, through the Catholic Near East Welfare Fund, began to work with them. Again, the branches of America's free society, with all of our institutions, including those of our religious institutions, began to build back and began to plant seeds that will bloom in generations to come.  I will always remember the fact that he was able to host us and he did that. We were not from New York. We were not from that archdiocese. In fact, some of our visitors were from around the world, and I really gained a much deeper appreciation of the importance of the New York diocese, the importance of that particular cardinal, and his own commitment to those who were not of his congregation there inside of New York City.  So tonight we mourn his passing from this life, but I want to again acknowledge the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel) for bringing us together and also the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fossella) for placing in the Record the life story and the contributions of this truly world spiritual leader who has made such a difference in the lives of Americans but also people around the world whose lives he touched. We extend our deepest condolences to his family, to his friends, to the people of New York, and people of spiritual conviction around the world.  