Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, this is a very important motion to instruct for members of the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies, of which I am ranking member. But it goes beyond just the need of our particular subcommittee.  We have 13 appropriations bills that we must pass in this Congress in order that the Government of the United States be allowed to operate. The Republican leadership of this institution, 3 days before the end of this fiscal year, has not completed work on but two of them, which means that we have 11 bills hanging out there that are not complete. Our bill is one of them.  What we understand might be happening to us is that, in spite of the fact that we in the House operated under regular order and passed our bill over 60 days ago, now, 2 days before the end of the fiscal year, we are told that conferees are going to be appointed.  Now, may I remind the membership that a year ago conferees were also appointed but then we never met. What I am very concerned about and the purpose of this motion to instruct is that we ask that full and open conference committee hearings be held at which managers have the opportunity to debate and vote on all matters in disagreement between the two Houses and that we be instructed to fully resolve those differences and that this not be done behind closed doors by a couple of the top leaders of this institution.  We are very, very worried that the House provisions, for example on prescription drugs and the ability of the American people to obtain safe pharmaceuticals from nations like Canada, may be jerked from the bill and, unless we have an opportunity to fight in an open forum for our amendments and to resolve our differences with the other body, that that issue may all of a sudden just disappear.  And so I want to explain to the Members that, if they vote for the motion to instruct, they are voting to give us the opportunity to deal with the prescription drug issue on the table in public with all members of our subcommittee participating.  The issue of sanctions, and no one has fought harder to bring that issue before us to allow American firms to sell their products around the world than the gentleman from New York (Mr. Serrano). That is another issue that, unless we meet together in open, public conference committee hearings, could be jerked from our bill and we would not know who would do it but all of a sudden it would disappear.  So this motion to instruct says we want to be able to hold the House position on sanctions, we want an open conference committee meeting, and we do not want a few people in this institution to take our rightful responsibilities away from us, as has happened before.  Finally, in the important area of disaster assistance, we are hearing all kinds of rumors. Our committee is the one charged with the responsibility of meeting the emergency needs of America's farmers and ranchers.  I do not think that people who necessarily come from just one or two districts who may happen to be the leaders of this institution should have the right to tinker around with those provisions without the full participation of the members of our committee who represent the farmers and ranchers across the wide spectrum of industries in this country, whether it is dairy, whether it is grains, whether it is livestock. It does not matter what it is. All those concerns need to be aired publicly in an open conference committee meeting.  So the purpose of this motion to instruct is to say we do not want any hanky-panky; we want to be able to conduct our business under regular order. We are very concerned based on our inability to get clear answers over the last several weeks and now, even worse, over the last few days. We do not want our bill to be stuck on some other bill and then we not have the opportunity to deal with the issues that are there and that we have worked so hard on in this Congress.  And again just three of them: prescription drugs and the ability of the American people to obtain those pharmaceuticals at competitive prices even if those drugs come from Canada orfrom Mexico and they are safe and marked so according to our Food and Drug Administration; the issue of sanctions, whether it is Cuba, whether it is Libya, whatever country we are talking about, we want the ability to debate that in our subcommittee; and finally, the level of disaster and emergency assistance to our farmers.  We do not want to leave anybody out. If they are out there in the country, they have tried to earn a living and they have been hurt by the present economy, we do not want a few deal makers to write our bill for us behind closed doors.  So the purpose of this motion to instruct is to ensure regular order in this institution and not to disenfranchise our Members.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), our very, very distinguished ranking member of the full committee, for further elaboration. And I want it thank him from the bottom of my heart for being a voice for our subcommittee and for the rights of our members, every single one of them, to participate in open conference committee deliberations.  