Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Brown) for yielding me this time and for his leadership on this issue, as well as the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher); and I rise to express my strong support for this resolution to disapprove most favored nation status for China.  Why? Due to China's growing arrogance and record of transgressions, even in the wake of this body's unfortunate vote to grant unconditional permanent normal trade relations with China just a few weeks ago, by only a handful of votes I might add. So, what has happened? Three days after that vote, the Jiang regime clenched its fists even tighter on religious freedom in China when a Chinese court sentenced a Catholic priest to jail for 6 years. Why? For printing Bibles.  And then 10 days after the vote here in the House, Communist China repressed free speech again when Chinese officials arrested Huang Qi, a Chinese Web site operator, for posting articles about government corruption and human rights violations in China, including the 1989 massacre of pro-democracy students in Tiananmen Square. At 5:15 on June 3, with the Chinese police at his door, Huang posted his last message on his Web site. It said, ``Thanks to all who make an effort on behalf of democracy in China.'' He wrote, ``They have come. Goodbye.''  Huang now faces a prison sentence of 10 years or more because the State says he is trying to subvert state power.  And then 2 weeks after the vote here in this House, Communist China proved its unworthiness again when China broke its promise to open its markets to California-based Qualcomm Corporation's cellular phone technology, a deal that was key to China's earning U.S. support to join the World Trade Organization. And that was after the premier of China had personally assured Secretary Daley over at the Commerce Department that China would open its markets to Qualcomm, and they even signed a deal to that effect.  Based on this abysmal continuing record of oppression and human rights abuses, no one should support permanent extension. Today, we have a chance to cast a vote; and it should be for disapproving most favored nation relations with China.  