 Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I want to say to the gentleman from Colorado that had he contacted our subcommittee at any point during our discussions on this, perhaps we could have clarified some of the misinformation that he is bringing to the floor. This is not an office building. This is a laboratory. One-quarter of all imported food that comes into our country is probed and the samples from that are sent through this lab.  Keep in mind that in our country today, we only are able to test, the American people cannot even believe this but it is true, less than 2 percent of what comes over our borders. But of what we do test, one-quarter is sent to this lab, which by the way I wish he would put up the picture of the current obsolescent, dilapidated embarrassment that sits in South Los Angeles today that calls itself a building and a lab which is unsafe for the workers to work in.  The reason this is an emergency, and we should have passed this last year, is simply because the building is in such bad shape if this does not pass and we cannot start construction very soon, and this has been a competitively bid project, that means that we are going to have to move everybody out of that lab and put them somewhere else which will be a waste of taxpayers' money. We ought to get this building up. If he takes the trees off that little drawing he has got there and just look at the building, it does not look too fancy to me.  They had to come in within budget, what was budgeted for it. If we think about what is happening in our country today, 5,000 people died last year of food poisoning in our country. Seventy-three million had different types of illnesses related to food. Of what is coming over the border, over 5 percent of what we do test has microbiological pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella and shigella.  This is a serious situation. We should not ask people to work in those kinds of conditions. It is an embarrassment to the city of Los Angeles to have this antiquated structure there. I do not think it would be a very pleasant place to go to work. As conditions are today, it certainly is not. This particular lab located where it is in Southern California, way out there in the Southwest, I am sure his California colleagues do not support this because we have so much produce coming in from Mexico now and it is growing at alarming rates, we have to be able to test this in the public interest.  I should tell the gentleman that the L.A. district, not just this lab or the border but the L.A. district, the region, represents one of the three largest ports of entry for all commodities coming into the United States. This is a place that needs attention. I do not think it would be very wise to shut it down or to try to transfer it to some other part of the country. If we probe in Texas, we have to send the probes over to Los Angeles because we do not have enough money to build other labs. I say let us build a structure that will stand for a number of years.  Mr. Chairman, I would just say to the gentleman, if he had come to our committee and we could have spent time talking with him about this, we would be happy to work with him in the months ahead. I personally will be willing to go with the gentleman out there and see what we have got now. I leave it to the experts to build the new lab, but let us move on with it. It is the 21st century, let us get out of the 19th. Defeat the Tancredo amendment.  