Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, we have an amendment that would essentially attempt to address the farm crisis affecting so many regions across this country by providing $80 million under emergency designation out of funds from the Commodity Credit Corporation for equity capital and grants to small and medium-sized producers for feasibility studies, business development strategies, restructuring small and medium-sized enterprises, and the processing and marketing of agricultural commodities organized through cooperatives.  Ever since the passage of the Freedom to Farm Act, billions and billions of dollars have been spent by the people of the United States in trying to prop up rural America in emergency payments to our producers. From the numbers that I have been able to obtain, that emergency assistance has amounted to over $24.5 billion, and that is with a ``B.'' In order to qualify for those programs, one does not even have to have a crop in the ground.  A recent GAO study that came out indicated that, in fact, in 1999, almost a third of the $4.5 billion in payments went to farms that would not have received it had we been using a traditional production measurement system that had existed prior to Freedom to Farm. So what we have is a situation where we have people going bankrupt in rural America, we have an AMTA payment, or an Agricultural Market Transition Assistance payment, that really does not go to people who desperately need it in many, many cases; and we need to find other measures to help farmers weather and adjust in this economy.  The amendment that I am proposing would help farmers meet the market, and it is tough. Whether one is a sugar beet producer, whether one is a beef producer, whether one is in feed grains, it really does not matter what, unless one can economically restructure in this economy, find higher value-added products and bring those to market more directly with prices being what they are, one cannot afford to have a farm business that provides the majority of one's income.  We know that while farmers want to depend on the market, we have not provided the economic tools for them to do that, and there is not any farm family in this country that wants to exist on subsidy.  This amendment would actually spend far fewer dollars than current programs, and it would offer the opportunity of establishing co-op development ventures that would have permanence, would have a lasting impact in many places across this country.  If we think about it, the amendment that we have drafted establishes a cap. No particular enterprise could get more than $500,000, excuse me, I should say $10 million out of the $80 million; and we would be looking at ways of helping farmers group together in order to use their combined assets to meet the market. It is real dollars that can help them not just bounce along in this economy, but perhaps survive long term.  The amendment provides for grants that can be targeted toward feasibility studies and business development plans. We know many farmers do not know how to organize into a marketing co-op for milk, for sugar products, for honey products, whatever it might be. This would give them another mechanism.  I know I was shocked to meet with sugar beet growers from Michigan who were just up against it, and not able to make it in the economy; and they said, Congresswoman, if we could just figureout how to reorganize ourselves as a business unit, we really want to remain in business. What amazed me about that conversation, in spite of the devastation that they are facing and even bankruptcy in some cases, they were struggling to find the means to meet the market. I was so impressed with their optimism; and, therefore, I would hope that as we move toward conference, that this kind of cooperative development mechanism might be able to be embedded into the base bill.  Mr. Chairman, I yield any remaining time that I might have to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Boswell).  