I cansay that I have known Bruce for 18 years now. As a new Member of Congress, he sat right behind me, that meant he had more seniority, on the Committee on Banking and Financial Services. He welcomed me just as other Members have indicated he welcomed them as they came. What was great for me, and I say this to his family as they are enduring this great, great loss, he was so friendly. In the days when he first came, there were only about two dozen women in the House, and I was not an attorney in a body with about 75 percent of the Members who were attorneys, and to discover he was a biologist who had been an educator made me feel right at home. As we would go through amendments in the committee, I found a real friend who would talk to me and who would bring me along, that made me feel that I was an equal Member. As I came to know his other committee work outside of banking where he championed the needs of the homeless before it became a popular expression in the country, or homes for people who had difficulty with affordability. I learned about his tremendous interest in the environment. He was quite a bicyclist. And I watched his work in literally every congressional district across this country, as a real successor to Johnny Appleseed and the great American tradition of love of the outdoors.  In my own district, for example, we have the Maumee Heritage Corridor now. The Maumee River is the largest river that empties into the Great Lakes. Without Bruce Vento, that designation would not be possible. And the discovery of the Fallen Timbers battle site which ranks with Yorktown and Gettysburg as one of the three most important battle sites in the founding of the republic would not be possible without the legislative efforts of Bruce Vento.  And so I just wanted to come down here to say that I shall always remember Bruce Vento. And as a representative of the people of my district, I will say that I remember his great ability, his great humor, his great service as an educator as well as a lawmaker. I will remember him talking to me throughout my career about the importance of housing as well as the needs of the underserved and America's greatest, greatest lawmaker in my era in terms of the environment and our open spaces and our needs to continue to conserve our beautiful land and our resources.  I just say again to his family and to his beloved Minnesota colleagues, we have lost a dear friend and a great lawmaker.  