Chairman, this is a very straightforward amendment that operates under the existing authorization and depends upon funds already in the bill.  Essentially, it says that if there is a community that loses its jobs to China, they have a right to be covered under the assistance programs offered by the Economic Development Administration, just as much as any community in America that might lose jobs to Mexico or to Honduras or to Taiwan. Currently all of these programs at the Department of Commerce are available under EDA for assistance to communities that have lost jobs.  Unfortunately, when China permanent normal trade relations was passed here a couple of weeks ago, there were no provisions in that bill, unlike NAFTA, for adjustment assistance to communities and individuals who will be harmed by that measure.  In fact, the U.S. International Trade Commission, an entity of our own government, estimates that the new agreement with China will eliminate more than 870,000 jobs in our country, more than three-quarters of a million jobs. Communities will be imploded from north to east, south, west, all across this country.  The amendment we are proposing operates out of such sums as may be necessary, basically using the existing authority within the bill. It does not set aside funds just for China, but it says, do not forget communities that will be harmed by the loss of jobs to China.  I would also remind my colleagues that in the report accompanying the bill, the following is stated:       The committee expects the Economic Development      Administration to continue its efforts to assist communities      impacted by economic dislocations related to all industry      downswings and timber industry downturns due to environmental      concerns at no less than the current level of effort; in      other words, to assist communities that are hurt, regardless      of the industry.  We certainly expect adverse impacts from the China vote. There will be beneficiaries of that vote, but for those communities that will be hurt, there is absolutely no reason not to allow those communities to be assisted through the Economic Development Administration.  If Members come from an area that knows what happened with NAFTA, then they have to support this amendment, because they need to prepare for what is likely to be coming as a result of normalizing relations with China.  For the record, let me state that this title includes $361,879,000 for the Economic Development Administration. That is $45 million below the administration's request, but within the committee bill itself there is $10,500,000 that is specifically identified in the report also for trade adjustment assistance.  We would hope that for those communities that will lose their jobs to China, that that trade adjustment assistance contained in this measure would also be available to those communities that are impacted, just as it would be if a community loses its jobs to Mexico, as has happened in so many places across the country, or to Taiwan.  It does not matter where, but we should not exclude China. One of the most glaring omissions of the China debate here in the Congress was the fact that there is no reporting required of where jobs are moved from and to, there is no eligibility for dislocated workers, and no funds specifically set aside, as we did under NAFTA.  Now, unless we pass this amendment, we are going to be saying that we do not give the Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration permission within existing authority and existing funds to assist those communities that will be heavily impacted by, as the International Trade Commission says, a loss of over 870,000 jobs to China in the near term.  So I think it would be very shortsighted not to pass this amendment. I would beg of the chairman of the subcommittee to give full consideration.  