Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I want to commend the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Woolsey) for her great leadership on assuring that every child in this country obtains proper nutrition. Obviously, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Woolsey) represents a different area of the country than I might coming from northwest Ohio or the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Sanford), the author of the amendment.  However, I can tell my colleagues, even in my own district, some of the most instructive people one can speak with are the food service workers in our schools. It is very shocking to go into some of the schools and to talk to these food service workers who tell us about a young child that comes in on a Monday morning who has not eaten all weekend and who asks permission to eat two school breakfasts because he or she has not had a decent meal all weekend. It is sad to think that that can happen in America; but in fact, it is happening every day. I am sure in some communities it is happening more than in other places.  I think as we use the school breakfast program to try to make sure that every child in these early years receives proper nutrition, and maybe that is a mothering role and so maybe the women of America feel more strongly about it, I think it is important to recognize that we need to understand how to make these programs work better to make sure that we are providing proper nutrition, to really understand which children may not be getting proper nutrition and what we can do about it.  Hopefully, every child would get the food they need at home; but we know that that just is not the case in today's world with people working two and three shifts, different jobs, split shifts, all the rest. Sometimes just finding family time for dinner is difficult in today's world. That is not the world I grew up in, but it is the world that so many families deal with today.  The money that we initially provided for this study totaled $7 million; and, in fact, the study is under way. The remaining $6 million that the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Woolsey) and others have supported is coming from transferring monies out of the WIC program, the Women, Infants and Children's feeding program that are carrying over balances that are not needed because we are being successful with enrollment in that program, taking great care to be sure that sufficient dollars do remain in the WIC program.  Nothing is more important than a good meal with proper nutrition for the learning ability of children. When they do not eat enough and they do not eat properly, they get tired. Their brains do not grow fast enough. Their early years are absolutely critical in producing a child that can fully function in this society.  So I would urge defeat of the amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Sanford) and again compliment the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Woolsey) for her outstanding leadership and her great heart on making sure that every child in America grows to their full potential, beginning with good nutrition.  