Chairman, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), a very distinguished member of the subcommittee.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I would like to extend my deep thanks and appreciation to our chairman, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen), our ranking member, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), for all of their hard work in crafting this bill. It is a tough job to balance the important priorities that the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies needs to address each and every year. As my colleague, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur) pointed out, this bill really does deal with the basic sustenance of life for folks in our country.  I might add that the unrealistic budget constraints that have been placed on the subcommittee made our work even more difficult, made their work more difficult this year. As always, there was the effort to work together in a bipartisan fashion to try to do what is best for American farmers and for all of America's families. So I think that that, in fact, is a tribute to the chairman and to the ranking member.  Let me add my voice to that of my colleague, the gentlewoman from Ohio(Ms. Kaptur), and encourage the majority to please remove the sanctions legislation from the supplemental bill, because it in fact violates the agreement with the minority, and it places enormous restrictions on both this bill and on the supplemental bill.  We did not come here to do harm, especially in light of having an agreement that was made and just willy-nilly violated last evening. That is wrong. We are going to hold up the process in both of these pieces of legislation which contain basic relief and help to farmers in the United States, plus people who are waiting to see what is happening in here for relief of all kinds in both of these two bills.  We have tried to work together under the constraints, as I said, of the budget forces to shortchange a number of important priorities.  