Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this conference report as a significant improvement over the measure that originally moved through this body. Before I get into the details, let me just say that I particularly this afternoon rise with great respect and true admiration for the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen), our chairman of the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies, who under current Republican caucus rules is serving his last year as a fair, caring and truly outstanding chairman.  I will say that I know that as a regular committee member, the gentleman will continue to be exemplary in his service, but I will miss him in his current position.  Mr. Speaker, I wish to express genuine support and thanks to our subcommittee staff, Hank Moore, Martin Delgado, John Ziolkowski, Joanne Orndorff and our detailees Anne DuBey and Maureen Holohan, and also our minority staff, David Reich, and on my own staff, Roger Szemraj for doing such a tremendous job in sheperding this major legislation through the Congress.  I also want to say to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Young), the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, he kept his word on both sides of the aisle, so that our conferees could meet and fully engage in debate as we did in every single line item of this bill. I say thanks to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Obey), who is our ranking member on the full committee who participated in every single meeting. I actually do not know how he does it, so tirelessly, and I want to thank the people of Wisconsin for sending him here for service to the Nation.  I want to thank the Members on our side of the aisle, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the gentleman from New York (Mr. Hinchey), the gentleman from California (Mr. Farr), and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Boyd). We thank them for yeoman's service in the construction of this very important measure.  Mr. Speaker, overall the conference report spends over $78.5 billion. A little over three-quarters of that is in what we call mandatory spending for programs, especially our food programs, breakfast programs, lunch programs, elderly feeding programs, surplus commodity programs, that are used from coast to coast. $28 billion dollars, nearly half of that, goes to the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses as we move product around the world and here at home.  Mr. Speaker, another $1.7 billion goes for crop insurance. The base bill in addition to this has $15 billion in discretionary spending in important areas, such as new research for fuels of the future, the extension service to bring the latest in research right down to the farm and the ranch, conservation programs--so much a part of America's rich natural heritage and essential to sustainability of the future, food safety programs, rural housing and development, all of our feeding programs, international assistance and certainly the Food and Drug Administration.  In this bill, also, and this is of critical interest to those who tie their livelihoods to the rural countryside, we have more than $3.6 billion for disaster, farm assistance, and rural development programs.  I will say more about that in a moment, but we were also able to incorporate into this measure portions of the Hunger Relief Act. We know as welfare reform really kicks in in every State across this country, thousands of people go to work for minimum wage without health benefits.  In this bill, we have provided housing and vehicle allowances and the right to food for those workers and their children to help them transition to the marketplace off of welfare. We are very, very pleased to be able to do that on this particular committee.  Mr. Speaker, I also have to say, of course, we were not able to defeat the rule and bring a real prescription drug reimportation provision before the Congress. That is truly sad, and every one of us will have to account for that before the voters this fall. In addition to that, the sanctions language in this bill is absolutely unworkable; even the Cuban Government has said that the provisions may be worse than the status quo, and we really will not be able to sell product in Cuba because of the restrictions in this measure.  However, the needs of the country outweigh any one of those provisions, and we have to vote on the overall bill based on its merits.  I will quickly tick off key provisions of the bill: we do provide additional funds for market concentration investigation in our Grain Inspectors, Packers and Stockyards Administration; food safety, full funding in that program; additional funds for our Farm Service Agency operations, including extra funds to administer the disaster program so essential across this country this year; for our conservation programs, a decent level of support; research, which is key to the future; in APHIS, while the Animal Plant Health and Inspection Service, it has been funded in a manner that dedicates an inordinate amount of funds to the boll weevil program. We have so many other invasive species such as Asian longhorn beetle and others where we do not have equal levels of support. That is unfortunate. We were not able to work out fair apportionment of these funds completely.  In rural development, we do provide an increase over last year; in food donations, in the PL480 provisions and in title 2, an increase there to help move surplus product into the international market so as to help farm prices here at home; and then in the Food and Drug Administration, some additional assistance there, but certainly not what the agency was looking for.  I wanted to spend my final few minutes here talking about the emergency funding provisions in more detail, because this is so important across the country. For crop losses due to disasters, during the 2000 crop year, including those losses due to quality losses, we have funded what is necessary. We estimate across America that will require over $1.6 billion in funding.  There is funding in this bill for dairy producers to compensate for their low prices. There is livestock assistance. We had many questions on that from people representing ranching communities. Also there is targeted assistance for our apple and potato producers, cranberry producers, honey producers as well as wool and mohair. There is no reason just because you are not a row crop producer that you should not have some type of assistance if you are going to lose your operations.  There is authority in this bill to enroll an additional 100,000 acres in the Wetlands Reserve Program, and $35 million for the Natural Resource and Conservation Service for technical assistance in relation to that program, as well as the Conservation Reserve Program.  There is an additional $20 million in this program for cooperative development, for new co-ops to help farmers and ranchers reposition to meet the market in this very difficult period for them. Also there are additional funds for water and sewer across our country. We just cannot meet the entire need; the line of applicants is much longer than we are able to accommodate. We have done the very best we could in this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I would just ask the Members, in spite of the loopholes--and they are significant in the prescription drug provision and the sanctions portions of the bill--to vote for this bill. Overall the other provisions require our support.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  