Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, in regard to the proposal on the amendment dealing with the Animal Plant Health Inspection Service, I just wanted to read into the Record a statement of policy that I think is important to be appended to this debate today, and it comes in the form of a letter from the Office of Management and Budget dated June 29, 2000, from the Executive Office of the President concerning plant pests and diseases.  It says: ``The administration places a high priority on fighting plant pests and diseases, especially when there are invasive species that may be eradicated before becoming an established threat. To combat sudden outbreaks of invasive species, the administration has used emergency transfers through the Commodity Credit Corporation at a level that is much higher than the two previous administrations combined, and we continue to support the use of Commodity Credit Corporation funds in cases of unforeseen emergencies. However, where eradication efforts extend over several seasons, costs are predictable and should be incorporated into the discretionary appropriations process. Therefore, to address ongoing plant pest and disease outbreaks, the administration has proposed substantial appropriations in the 2001 budget. The Committee bill has not provided these appropriations, thereby requiring a corresponding increase in emergency spending from the CCC for activities that can no longer be considered unforeseen.''  The issue of proper compensation to producers for losses due to invasive plant pests and disease has grown more complex recently as the variety and complexity of outbreaks have increased. Legislative and administrative actions to provide compensation for invasive species losses would be better guided by a policy that distinguishes between compensation as part of eradication efforts and compensation as reimbursement for natural disaster losses due to infestations rather than through event-specific supplementals.  The administration believes there should be a more systematic approach to making these decisions and will be sending to Congress a set of recommendations that it hopes can be used as a framework for discussion with Congress on this issue.  I reiterate, in the President's cover letter it says he would recommend that this bill be vetoed if it were presented to him in its current form.  