Chairman, I thank the able gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky) for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I have risen to engage the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. Packard), chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development Appropriations, in a colloquy. As the gentleman and the ranking member knows, I have an ongoing interest in the enlarged use of biomass materials as a source of domestic energy. Serving on the Subcommittee on Agriculture Appropriations, I have always been somewhat puzzled that biomass fuels such as ethanol and biodiesel have not become a more substantial energy resource for our country to displace our unwise reliance on imported sources of energy.  Mr. Chairman, it appears that we have a win-win-win situation if biomass fuels can provide a domestic energy source to help relieve our dependence on foreign oil, if we maintain it as a renewable resource that will last as long as we can grow crops, and it will provide a new and substantial market for our farmers, especially if linked to on-farm storage of inputs and broadly competitive processing and distribution arrangements.  One issue that seems to stand in the way of additional progress in the development of biomass fuels is the reluctance of the Departments of Energy and Agriculture to work together to move biofuels research and development forward. I assume that that lack of coordination is the product of bureaucratic inertia and can be overcome with some well-directed prodding by this Congress.  So if the Chairman and ranking member agree, I hope that our two subcommittees and we as leaders in the Congress can work together to find ways to encourage cooperation between the Departments of Agriculture and Energy in the development of biomass fuels. I would suggest we ask the Departments to report back to the committee before we consider next year's appropriation bill on suggested initiatives that can be undertaken to increase the production and use of biofuels, including recommendations for engaging more broadly the U.S. farm sector in the storage, production, processing, and distribution of biofuel inputs and outputs.  