Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I rise in strong opposition to this rule.  I do not think I have ever risen in opposition to a rule for an agriculture appropriations measure coming out of our subcommittee, but indeed I must do so this evening, mainly because we have to look at this bill in the broader context of what is happening in rural America. The only chances we have to help are this bill and the related supplemental bill, which was to have had funding in it for agriculture.  Unfortunately, the members of our committee have essentially been defanged. We have not been allowed to participate in conference committees occurring on the supplemental bill. This particular bill is $400 million below what was spent in the year of 2000. It is $1.6 billion below what the administration asked for to meet these historic low prices that our farmers are struggling with, the drought problems we are having and the disaster problems. In my part of America, farmers cannot even get tractors into the field because of the water. So the bill is not adequate.  We had pinned our hopes on the supplemental. We had proposed to try to level the playing field of the $400 million that is short in this bill compared to last year's spending and put it in the supplemental. This evening we find out that the conferees, who did not include anybody on the committee but essentially four people negotiating, the leaders in both Houses, absolutely did not consult with any of the other conferees that were supposedly appointed.  My colleagues might remember that last year the leadership decided that they were going to appoint conferees, and then the conferees met and they were dismissed. Well, this year they appointed conferees and we never met. And so now we face this bill which so underfund our programs.  In fact, we will not have enough people in the field, technical assistance for natural resource and conservation service to give farmers to apply for the programs to keep their noses above water. Our rural development programs will be $200 million under. Our pest and disease programs $40 million under for citrus canker for tree replacement in States like Florida, all of the different plum pox problems in Pennsylvania, and so forth. The FDA lab in Los Angeles is canceled in the supplemental; the renovations to the building here in Washington; the money that we need to move people into the new FDA facility in College Park.  This bill is absolutely linked to the supplemental, and this evening we learned that that supplemental is completely inadequate and we have absolutely been divested of our authority as duly elected Members of this House. So I would have to say to the Members to vote ``no'' on this rule. It is our only way to send a message to the leadership of this Chamber that the Members need to be involved at the table.  I would just urge the membership on both sides of the aisle to restore the powers to the subcommittees. No subcommittee likes to be treated in this way. No committee likes to be treated in this way. Vote ``no'' on this rule and allow us to bring a bill to the floor that reflects the will of the majority of the members of the committee.  