Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time, and I rise in support of the resolution to withdraw the United States from the World Trade Organization.  It had not been my intent to do that today, since I do believe in a world trading regime with strict, enforceable rules that are inclusive of not just capitalists' rights but laborers' rights, environmental protection, and the standards of democracy building that all of us would hope we could aspire to.  But today I rise in protest, my vote against WTO will be a protest vote. Because in Ottawa, Ohio, right next door to where I live, Netherlands-based Philips Components also has announced that it will move 1,500 more area jobs to Mexico.  The firm is going to take the production lines that exist at this Ottawa plant and transfer it to Mexico over a 3-year period starting now. Work will be moved on making the 25- and 27-inch picture tubes. And the spokesman for Philips, which is based somewhere in the Netherlands, no one seems to be able to find it, we cannot even get a phone call returned, we get a recording when we call the firm in Ohio, a spokesman for Philips declined to give any specifics on the Mexican facility, even what city these goods will be moved to or what the factory is making now.  Yesterday's announcement had been dreaded in this Putnam County, Ohio, community. Now, David Thompson, the Philips' spokesman, said, the company maintained that moving production to Mexico was the best alternative for the long-term health of the business, so any counter-proposal for the company to stay had to come from Local 1654, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.  But as the newspaper reports this morning, when John Benjamin of that local contacted company representatives several times trying to find what areas they felt needed to be addressed in the contract, they received no response.  So today my vote against the U.S. involvement in WTO is a protest vote, and it is standing with the workers of our country who have no rights in this regime.  I have tried to get the head of another group of workers in Ohio whose jobs had been moved to China to come and meet with these workers to help these 1,500 people adjust to the world that they are about to face now, and the leader from the other company said he was going through a divorce because life has been so hard for them. They have lost over 2,000 jobs to China.  I stand in protest to this regime, which turns its back on the working people of our country. It is absolutely wrong. I rise in support of this resolution.  