Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I wanted to thank the chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen), for his sympathy to this proposal in support of the Colonias initiative. I wanted to also thank very deeply the members of the Hispanic Caucus, and Shirley Watkins at Food and Nutrition Service at the U.S. Department of Agriculture for really helping us to begin to carve out a new initiative that would reach some of the most forgotten people in America.  I want to commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Reyes), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Ortiz), and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Rodriguez) for their strong leadership on this proposal and to say that we look forward to working with them as we move toward conference to really make sure that this Colonias initiative is not forgotten.  Some of the aspects of this proposal involve such initiatives as piloting breakfast and after-school snack programs right on the bus, as children are being driven to and from school because it is so difficult sometimes to reach many of the children who live in these areas, and also taking a look at how we could use traveling food pantries to reach some of the more isolated individuals of all ages who live in the Colonias.  The proposals also take a look at organizing farmers markets, which is a real strong interest of my own, to make sure that good, fresh produce and farm-grown products from the State of Texas or New Mexico or wherever the Colonias are located are organized near where the people live; and to make sure that locally grown produce, some of it perhaps raised by local farmers, would be able to be used in the school programs in those areas responding to some of the ethnic preferences for food that may differ in different parts of thecountry, depending on people's preferences; and working with USDA to look at an interactive Web site to link various partners and Colonias advocates and others to share success stories and communicate accomplishments of the existing projects in Texas.  So there are so many aspects to this, and we are at the very beginning of it; but I think it is such a wonderful proposal and one that we are going to take step by step and really try to reach among some of the lowest-income people in America. I never like to say poorest because there is a richness of heritage there and a richness of hope in every community in America, but if we can help people have better nutrition for their children, where their children can learn and they can have a better way of life, food is one of the most basic needs, and certainly contribute to better health.  This is such an exceptional opportunity to reach many of these families. The proposals for refrigerated trucks, for example, even finding trucks that have been used perhaps in business and are not brand new but even used trucks, almost like we put book mobiles in some of the underserved rural areas of America before, to do this in the Colonias is just so practical and so achievable.  We want to thank Shirley Watkins from the Department of Agriculture for working with our Hispanic Caucus, with the Congressmen and women who have supported this here.  