Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, along with our very able chairman, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen), I rise in opposition to this amendment in the area of research. One of the great gifts that America has given the world is our agricultural research. There is no more productive Nation agriculturally on Earth than our own. This has not happened by accident. When the country was founded and we tried to master the plains and people moved westward and so forth, even until today, we try to understand the ecosystem and its function; and we know we could never really control it, but we try to live in harmony with it.  I am always someone who is a very strong supporter of research for the Nation, whether it is medical research, whether it is research related to space science, or certainly in the area of living tissue, whether that be plant tissue or, in fact, human tissue research. My record is very clear on that.  The gentleman has picked one set of accounts called Special Research Grants, and for the record, I just wanted to point out that if we look at all research within the U.S. Department of Agriculture and all agriculture programs, there is, indeed, a prejudice toward row crop production, corn, wheat, feed grains, that runs through the general performance of the U.S. Department of Agriculture. There are many, many crops and many issues that are left out of that general prejudice, and these include many of our vegetable crops and they include many of our fruit crops; many items that would be smaller in terms of actual presence in the economy.  Take maple sugar production, for example. This is an area that is covered under special research. The area of molluskan shellfish, granted, it is not something that everyone in America thinks about; but on the other hand, we have all managed to indulge at dinners and so forth in some of the products produced in that research. If we look at peanuts, it sounds like a simple thing to do, produce peanuts. One has to have the right climate, the right fertilizers, the right soils.  What happens with peanut research? We have discovered, that, my goodness, there are allergens associated with peanuts and some people can die from eating peanuts. My district does not produce peanuts. I certainly do not want anyone to die, and yet with the general research, it is important that we as a country understand what is going on there and that food safety and investment in research related to peanuts occurs.  Citrus canker. I do not have oranges and limes in my district in Ohio, although I certainly buy them at the grocery store. My heart goes out to all of the producers in Florida that are losing their shirts because of citrus canker. It is important for the Nation, if we are going to have citrus crops, to find answers to controlling, if we can, the devastation that is going on in those groves.  On behalf of my own State I have to say, with tomato production, it seems that we can all grow a tomato plant, but how do we grow enough tomatoes to feed a Nation to make sure that we can move it from field to shelf.  So I oppose the gentleman's amendment simply because it really throws a dagger at the heart of our special research grants which do not have the kind of support that we get in the major feed grains but, nonetheless, are very important to integrated production in this country. I think the gentleman has a worthy objective, but I really do not think he has chosen the right place to express himself.  