Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment and support the Vermont agritourism initiative. I do so because first of all, the committee and the House have approved this initiative. I want to commend the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) for his leadership on this. We all know what is happening to farms, especially small and medium-sized farms across our country.  The name of this subcommittee is Agriculture and Rural Development, and this is one of those activities that falls in the area of rural development. For all of the other Members here who have supported this in the past, it is very interesting to think about some of the articles we read in the newspapers today, about people getting shot on the freeways in California. Just the stress of being on those roads every day and to have to commute hours a day. People are looking for relief from the stress of modern society. Then we read other articles about a place like Lancaster, Pennsylvania, which is known to have a number of people of Amish heritage and which also has benefited from agritourism over the years. There are so many visitors to Lancaster county, 7 million visitors. It is one of the most key destinations in Pennsylvania for tourists. They cannot even handle it.  The American people and visitors from abroad are looking for the experience that rural America can provide. We do not really have a very well-coordinated set of initiatives across this country to help people move through the rural countryside. I remember when I was traveling in Europe years ago and they had a whole system of bed and breakfasts, one could go to the main tourist bureau in the town and they would give you a list of where to stay. America is beginning to catch up. But we are far from where other countries in the world are in this regard. There are a few tour books. I know in Michigan I picked up one in a bookstore about some of the places one could visit in the State of Michigan.  Mr. Chairman, as rural incomes decline and prices decline in terms of commodities, and we are going through this extremely difficult period in rural America right now, people in rural America are looking for ways to enhance their income. They are not asking for a handout, they are asking to use the assets they have, which include their farmland, their barns, their communities, their community activities, in order to bring in people from the outside who have extra dollars to spend and invest.  So I really think agritourism is a vital element for economic growth. It is one of the answers for us in terms of restoring vitality to rural America. Really, we need to celebrate the natural wonders and educational opportunities that rural areas and the people there offer to all of us.  Perhaps the gentleman has a good intention of trying to be fiscally responsible; but I think that this is not a forward-looking amendment, because many parts of the country, including Vermont which does not have the highest income in the country, that is for sure, sagging incomes and a very precarious rural situation, this is really part of the answer for the future for Vermont as well as many other places.  Mr. Chairman, I would just like to commend the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. Sanders). I apologize if I have not listed all of the cosponsors of this proposal. I would be pleased to yield to the gentleman any remaining time that I might have in order to further discuss the gentleman's opposition to this amendment.  