Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time. I want to say that it is a great pleasure for me to rise today as we bring our bill to the floor, the fiscal year 2001 appropriation for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies.  I want to also begin by saying that this is the last bill that will be managed by my dear friend and colleague, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. Skeen), as chairman of the subcommittee because his limited subcommittee chairmanship has been reached under current House rules, which I certainly would like to change.  He is and has been such a leader, a fine gentleman in the true sense of the word, a caring chairman, an advocate for America's farmers and ranchers, and a true friend to every single Member of this institution. So I wanted to acknowledge his hard work on this bill. It has been a joy to work with him, and I number these days and years among the most memorable of my own life.  I also want to thank the subcommittee staff: Hank Moore, Martin Delgado, John Ziolkowski, Joanne Orndorf; and our detailees: Anne DuBey and Maureen Holohan; and to the minority staff leader David Reich; and Roger Szemraj of my own staff, for all the hard work that has gone into putting this bill together.  Let me begin by saying that I come to the floor rather conflicted this morning. This is a very, very important bill and one that we will focus on today. But we have just learned that, contrary to an agreement that was reached yesterday, the majority has chosen to place the sanctions language dealing with Cuba and Libya, the issue that we debated for hours here yesterday, into the supplemental appropriation bill, contrary to an agreement that had been reached with the minority.  This is creating a great disarray that I think threatens not just this bill but the supplemental and its ability to move through the Congress and, also, to be signed by the President. 