Chairman, the amendment we are proposing today would provide an additional $53.1 million in emergency appropriations to the Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to deal with emergency situations we have been talking about today dealing with pests and diseases.  The additional amounts would bring total funding up to what the President's 2001 budget request had asked for in four critical lines within what we call APHIS, the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, budget. These include emerging plant pests, invasive species, fruitfly exclusion and detection, and the contingency fund itself.  The bill, as reported by the subcommittee, provides $57.1 million less than requested for the first items listed and very partially offsets this shortfall by providing $4 million more than requested for the contingency fund. Our amendment eliminates the $53.1 million shortfall in this very, very important account.  Now, these budget items are used by the Department of Agriculture to combat serious outbreaks of pests and diseases. People should think about their communities and some of the little green and yellow boxes that are put up on trees to detect what is happening across this country. We have just heard from two very distinguished Members from Illinois and from New York on the Asian longhorned beetle infestationwhich started in New York City and Chicago, Illinois.  We have heard other Members this morning, including the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Boyd), a member of our committee from Florida, talking about citrus canker and the removal of entire groves of limes and of orange trees in Florida.  We heard from the Members of the Pennsylvania delegation about plum pox in Pennsylvania and the impact on fruit trees and the spread of that pox across the fruit regions of our country.  Members from California have spoken with us about Pierce's disease, which affects grapes in California and threatens our entire wine industry. Though these creatures may be small and we can hold them in our hands and some of the viruses and cankers we cannot even see but under a microscope, their economic devastation is gigantic, mounting to billions and billions of dollars annually.  In the State of Michigan, the unfortunate incidence of bovine tuberculosis which can spread across that State and has spread to where now animals cannot leave that State unless inspected also would be covered by these accounts.  Mediterranean fruitflies that threaten agriculture in wide sections of the South.  These truly are emergencies. The report references the fact that these are situations that create havoc across the country. We believe they are important enough in a multibillion-dollar bill that we should restore the full account to the $53.1 million net additional dollars needed to truly meet the national need.  Now the subcommittee's report acknowledges that the administration, by using its powers under the Commodity Credit Corporation, might be able to deal with some of these emergencies. But the administration maintains that the use of these powers is not appropriate for the kind of ongoing remediation that these difficulties cause.  So this amendment simply provides the emergency funding that everyone agrees is necessary, and we should certainly restore these dollars in the bill as will be finally reported out of the House, hopefully today.  Mr. Chairman, I ask the membership for a favorable vote on this. I would hope that the objection might be withdrawn and that we could include these dollars that are so much, very much needed to help preserve our production and our ecosystems across our Nation coast to coast.  Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.  