Chairman, I want to explain this amendment so everyone is aware of what we are proposing here.  First of all, I do not think it is a surprise to say to anyone in this chamber tonight that rural America and farmers are experiencing the lowest prices in modern history, in all sectors, and this particular supplemental bill is the only opportunity we have to try to offer greater assistance to those small- and medium-sized enterprises that this year, not the 2001 appropriation, but this year, in the year of 2000, need assistance in trying to reposition themselves for the marketplace.  This amendment essentially provides $130 million of funds, makes them available, through the Commodity Credit Corporation essentially as an emergency. And because it is the Commodity Credit Corporation, those dollars do not flow through the appropriations process. It makes up to that amount, $130 million, available to farmers and farmer-owned cooperatives for feasibility studies to reposition their businesses, business development strategies, restructuring of their own individual operations into cooperative operations to try to meet the market that is out there, as well as the processing and marketing of those commodities to try to get them to the market.  Now this is different from the language that we offered in full committee the other day. We have done a lot of consultation with the department. We have changed the language a little bit to include both equity capital and loans. We have put a ceiling on the amount of funds that any one enterprise could get at $10 million, up to that amount out of the $30 million. We have worked with the American Meat Institute to address many of the concerns that they had about the original language. We have made this much more specific.  I also wanted to say that this particular amendment is better than the kind of bills this Congress has been passing to try to plug holes in the dike of Freedom to Farm. We have literally appropriated billions of dollars to producers across this country and, as everyone knows, the formula is not based on what people produce or may have lost this year because of bad weather or low prices, the formula is based on something that is 6 years old, that has no relationship to what has actually been done in the field or on the ranch in any given year.  So those AMTA payments are going out in a very inequitable way. And many sectors of rural America, vegetable and fruit producers, certainly those involved in the sugar beet industry, citrus, livestock, any sector that is not row crop, have been deeply hurt and not aided through the AMTA system. This measure would give some hope to those farmers. And I have met many of them. 