Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations for yielding me this time.  As the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations, I have to say that although we are, in a way, forced to vote for this continuing resolution for the sake of the American people, what has happened inside this institution really is not healthy.  I can tell my colleagues that all day I have been in my office fielding calls from Members in this Chamber asking me where our bill is, where the different provisions are. Whether it is biomass provisions relating to switchgrass in Iowa or whether it is water-related projects in the West, it really does not matter. I, as a Member, cannot tell them because our conference committee has not met.  We have been getting calls from the other body. We had reached agreement on certain amendments which we now understand are pulled. For example, on prescription drugs. We had passed different measures here to allow reimportation of prescription drugs so our people could get the same price as if they go over the border into Canada. We had reached agreement that we would put $23 million in this year's bill to ensure the public safety on those drugs. Now we are told this provision has been lifted from the agriculture appropriation bill, wherever it is in the institution, and the leadership is going to be handling that.  The same is true with the provisions dealing with Cuba, which, granted, are very controversial, but we wanted to be able to move product into Cuba; allow our businesses to sell there; allow our farmers to move product. Now we are told that is lifted out of our bill. We are receiving phone calls in our office; and we have to tell Members, sorry, we are not being called as conferees.  I have the greatest respect for the chairman of the full committee. I know if it were only up to him, our subcommittees would be allowed to meet. But this is really not the way to run the Congress of the United States nor the government of the United States.  As a related issue, Mr. Speaker, and as a Member from Ohio who has workers dying from exposure to beryllium, we were told today that the Subcommittee on Defense has not allowed, because of the leadership, any provision in any bill that would take care of people dying of exposure to beryllium, nuclear-related radiation or gaseous diffusion. I think that is absolutely wrong when we have it within our power to meet the needs of the American people.  