I withdraw my reluctant opposition, and look forward to the conference on the amendment.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Chairman, I am astonished that we are again debating an amendment that would stifle biomedical research and impose political will on an agency whose work is based on the non-partisan rule of science. This is an invasion into the FDA's drug approval process--a place where Congress has no right to be. We are not scientists. We created the FDA and charged it with determining which drugs are safe and effective for use in this country. We were wise to do so--the FDA has a long history of protecting the public from drugs that are uncertain or unsafe.  This amendment would change all that. In an attempt to impose their beliefs on all of America, anti-choice proponents of this amendment would have you believe that it would apply to drugs solely for the purpose of the chemical induction of abortion. But, in fact, we know that it would reach far beyond that.  Often times drugs are approved for one purpose, and later are found safe and effective for treating an entirely different condition. For example, the drug Doxil was originally approved by the FDA as an AIDS treatment. But later, in June of 1999, the FDA approved the same drug for the treatment of ovarian cancer. Even mifepristone, the target of this amendment, currently shows promise for use in the treatment of breast cancer, benign brain tumors, ovarian cancer, and even prostate cancer.  Let's call this amendment for what it is--an attempt to score a political point on abortion. Unfortunately, the casualties in this political move are biomedical research, independent scientific evaluation of medicines, and patient access to reproductive health drugs.  What this amendment would in fact do is begin a path whereby Congress decides, based on political and ideological considerations, what drugs it thinks America should or should not have access to, and then blocks the FDA from taking action to approve drugs deemed inappropriate. Let me ask you, what would this lead to next? Which political issue would be the target of the next attempt to thwart research or invade the FDA's drug approval process? We must be mindful of the dangerous precedent this amendment would set.  Now is not the time to limit the FDA in their work to determine the safety and efficacy of promising new drugs in America. This amendment would not only limit the FDA but it would have a chilling effect on biomedical research, particularly women's health research, which has been severely understudied for years. This amendment may be aimed at one issue, but it will have consequences for millions of Americans.  When we halt action on an entire category of drugs, we erase the possibility that those drugs could hold for treating other conditions. We stamp out the scientific pursuit of medicines that heal with one attempt to limit the safe practice of abortion--which I might remind my colleagues is still a legal right in this country.  This Congress has made biomedical research a priority. We have agreed that we have an obligation to fund the search for cures and better treatments for disease in this country. We have the unique opportunity as lawmakers to use public policy to actually improve people's health and improve their lives. But what this amendment would do is exactly the opposite--it would place political gain ahead of real progress. It would replace the gold standard of drug approval that this nation has come to trust with congressional restrictions based only on personal ideology--not sound science.  Speaking as both a legislator and a cancer survivor, I know the value of modern medicines. To be quite frank, I am offended by the idea that some lawmakers think they can dictate to the FDA what work they can do on proposals that could improve the lives of Americans.  I urge my colleagues--don't force your opinion regarding choice on the FDA and the people who rely on it for sound, scientific judgement. Allow the FDA to continue the important work it does in evaluating all potential pharmaceuticals. Do not subject the FDA scientists to the personal philosophies of some Members of this House. Preserve the promise of biomedical research and new drugs for all Americans. Defeat the Coburn Amendment.  