President, I wish to read a statement by Winston Churchill which I think has application to the inquiry we are conducting in the Intelligence Committee and the whole issue in regard to the credibility and the timeliness of intelligence prior to the war in Iraq. Sir Winston Churchill said this upon hearing about the attack on Pearl Harbor:       Silly people, that was the description many gave in      discounting the force of the United States. Some said they      were soft, others that they would never be united--  Let me repeat that.       That they would never be united, that they would never come      to grips. They would never stand bloodletting. Their system      of government and democracy would paralyze their war effort.  Let me repeat that.       Their system of government and democracy would paralyze      their war effort.       Now we will see the weakness of this numerous but remote,      wealthy and talkative people.  Referring to Americans.       But, I have studied the American Civil War fought out to      the last desperate inch. American blood flowed in my veins. I      thought of a remark made to me 30 years before: The United      States is like a gigantic boiler. Once the fire is lighted      under it, there is no limit to the power it can generate. It      is a matter of resolve.  I am concerned in what appears to be almost a blast furnace of politics at a very early time, in an even-numbered year--and I understand that. I know politics is not bean bagged, and I know that my colleagues have very serious differences of opinion, as we will on the committee, but I hope what Sir Winston said: ``Some said they were soft, others that they would never be united . . . their system of government and democracy would paralyze their war effort,'' is not true in regard to the global war on terrorism. I have some concerns about that.  I indicated at the first, when I knew it was our responsibility and obligation, in working with the distinguished vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee, that we would do our job and that we would do it just as bipartisan as we possibly could, that it would bethorough. It is my view that this draft report, and then what the Members will agree to, will be the most thorough review of the intelligence community in the last decade. I also said that we will make every effort to hold public hearings, because the American people have a right to know, and we will let any political chips fall any way they want to fall.  I yield the floor.  