President, Senator Biden, in his usual flare, has offered an amendment to add the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee as ex officio members of the Intelligence Committee. Under S. Res. 400, the organizing resolution for the Senate Intelligence Committee, eight members are already crossovers from other committees: two from the Judiciary Committee, two from Armed Services, two from Appropriations, and two from foreign Relations. This is on purpose, because we believe these four committees should have crossover representation on the committee as it now stands. That is under S. Res. 400.  With all due respect, I think the members of the Foreign Relations Committee--Senator Hagel, Senator Rockefeller--do an excellent job in representing the Foreign Relations Committee on the Intelligence Committee. These crossover members do perform an invaluable service for the Intelligence Committee.  First, they ensure that the insights and perspectives of the other Senate committees are considered in the oversight of the intelligence activities of the United States. And second, they do already provide the Armed Services Committee and the Judiciary Committee and the Appropriations Committee and, yes, the esteemed members of the Foreign Relations Committee, with a view of the Intelligence Committee on issues that cross jurisdictional boundaries.  Now, under the McConnell-Reid reform proposal, the Intelligence Committee would grow by two ex-officio members already. The chairman and ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, the majority and minority leaders, already serve as ex-officio members of the committee. So following reform, the Intelligence Committee will be composed of eight crossover members. If Senator Biden's amendment is successful, there will be six nonvoting ex-officio members.  Now, any chairman or any ranking member who has crossover jurisdiction with any other committee, under this logic, should be an ex-officio member of the committee. After all, we need to keep an eye on one another. I have every trust in thee and me, but I wonder about thee. This is like Bob Barker: Come on down, be an ex-officio member of the Intelligence Committee. This is empowerment? This is further dissolution in terms of the responsibilities and cohesion and pertinence in regard to the Intelligence Committee.  Well, does the Intelligence Committee need that much oversight? Do the guaranteed crossover memberships not really protect sufficiently the equities of the Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committees?  As chairman of the Intelligence Committee, I said on the Senate floor earlier today that I often have concerns with the actions of the Armed Services Committee, Foreign Relations Committee, Appropriations Committee, and the Judiciary Committee--not necessarily in that order.  Given this logic, as such, given the proliferation of ex-officio memberships, perhaps the chairman and vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee should have ex-officio membership on other committees with jurisdiction that overlap the intelligence issues. What is good for the goose is good for the gander. I will leave Members to decide who is the goose and who is the gander. I focus on four primary committees: Armed Services, Foreign Relations, Appropriations, and Judiciary. I was going to have a second-degree amendment to say, why can't Senator Rockefeller and I be ex-officio on these committees if they want to be ex-officio on our committee? I am not sure exactly what they would do other than monitor. We can certainly find something for them to do as they follow the work of the Intelligence Committee. I could go on. We could have ex-officio status for Senator Rockefeller and myself for the new Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Banking, Finance, and Agriculture Committees. They all have cross-jurisdictional interests that touch on intelligence issues.  With only limited exceptions, all Senators have access to the information and activity of the Intelligence Committee. As chairman, I and the distinguished vice chairman, Senator Rockefeller, have invited all Senators to come down and take a look at the classified portions of the Iraq review or any other Intelligence Committee product or holding. You are welcome. Just ask. Come on in.  The committee assists in the arrangement of classified briefings for all Senators by our intelligence agencies. Ex-officio membership is an unnecessary requirement and maintains the status of the Intelligence Committee as a weak child of the Senate.  Let's not have any further diminution of the Intelligence Committee. Iurge colleagues to oppose the Biden amendment.  I yield the floor.  