President, I rise to make several important points regarding the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement.  As chairman of the Intelligence Committee and member of the Armed Services Committee, I am well aware of the valuable friendship that our two countries share. Australia's commitment to the fight in the Global War on Terror is unwavering. Australia's support in liberating and rebuilding Iraq has been crucial there.  This agreement provides better opportunities for Kansas manufacturers, especially those in the aviation and transportation sectors to increase exports to the Australians. I understand that there is strong, bipartisan, interregional support for this agreement across industries and across the country.  However, I feel compelled to share with my colleagues several things which trouble Kansas about the way this agreement was constructed.  I must tell our colleagues that in all the years I have had the privilege to serve Kansas and agriculture in the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives, there have been few, if any, times when there was as much open hostility to trade as I sense in some areas today.  In Dodge City terms, ``The bloom is off the lily, and the lily was run over by a lawn mower.''  I have had more than one producer ask me just what we are doing being involved in all these trade agreements when it seems that agriculture is under attack.  We have dealt with and continue to deal with the BSE hurdles for our beef products, our farm and export programs are under attack through the Brazilian cotton case and our food aid programs are being attacked by others in the Doha round of WTO negotiations.  We have now completed, and this body is considering a free trade agreement with Australia that exempts a single commodity--sugar--at the expense of others, particularly wheat and beef.  Kansas producers, who do pay close attention to trade matters, are taking a look at this list of issues and saying: Hold on a minute, Pat. What is going on here?  I will share with you and the rest of our colleagues what I tell the folks at the coffee klatch in Dodge.  In addition to setting a dangerous precedent for future trade agreements, exempting sugar from the Australian FTA also sets a dangerous precedence for agriculture, especially for sugar itself. In the past, whether in trade agreements or trade disputes, whether it be in farm bills or budget reconciliations, the commodity and producer groups have sank or swam together.  Sugar's insistence on not participating in this free trade agreement makes it very likely that the rest of US agriculture will opt not to participate in sugar's defense the next time that program faces a WTO challenge, budget reconciliation measure, or amendment to end sugar's support program during the next farm bill.  Simply put, if sugar falls or jumps off the ag-boat in the future, it may very well find itself treading water while watching the rest of US agriculture drift away silently. Our producers will insist that we extract real concessions on state-traded enterprises, quotas, tariffs, etc. in future trade negotiations for their support for concessions on imports of agricultural goods here at home.  Simply put, you don't bring a knife to a gun-fight and expect our producers to stand with you.  I intend to support the United States-Australia Free Trade Agreement. I believe that it is in the best interest of our relationship with our friend and ally, Australia. However, singling out individual commodities in future trade agreements is not in the best interest of our Nation and threatens agriculture's support and, therefore, my support for future trade agreements.  (At the request of Mr. Daschle, the following statement was ordered to be printed in the Record.) 