President, from Civil War to the war against racism, Kansas has been a battleground in the fight for equality. Oliver Brown was a soldier in this struggle, as he courageously fought to prove that separate among the people of this great Nation is not equal.  The watershed case that bears his name stands for all time as an important victory in the civil rights movement. On Monday, May 17, 2004, we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of this momentous decision. And in Topeka, KS, we will gather to dedicate Monroe Elementary School as the Brown v. Topeka Board of Education National Historic site. This new addition to the National Park Service will afford us the proper setting to fully reflect on what this decision has meant to our Nation, and will provide future visitors with a more complete understanding of how Linda Brown's struggle changed the course of our Nation's history.  The Monroe Elementary School, purchased in 1877 by the Topeka Board of Education, was one of the four segregated elementary schools for African American children in Topeka. The current building is actually the third Monroe school to stand there, built in 1926.  Monroe was a good school, built by the same architect who built other schools in Topeka, including those reserved for white children. And the teachers were well-trained, many of whom had advanced degrees. This wasn't a case of substandard facilities, or a lack of educational opportunities for Linda Brown and her classmates. This was simply injustice under the law, and the need to right a grievous wrong.  The Brown Foundation, under the leadership of Cheryl Brown Henderson, has worked diligently to preserve the bricks and mortar that were a part of this historic case. Far more than just a building, however, this site represents the genesis of the movement to strike down our Nation's segregationist policy.  Thanks to his daughter Cheryl's efforts, and those of countless others, Monroe Elementary was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1991. I, along with Senator Robert J. Dole and Senator Nancy Landon Kassebaum, am proud to have supported legislation creating the Brown v. Board of Education National Historic site, which was signed into law by President George Bush in 1992.  As stated in the legislation, the purposes of this important site are:       To preserve, protect, and interpret the places that      contributed materially to the landmark U.S. Supreme Court      decision which ended segregation in public education, to      interpret the role of the Brown case in the civil rights      movement, and to assist in the preservation and      interpretation of related resources within the city of Topeka      that further the understanding of the civil rights movement.  That bill challenged us to properly commemorate and interpret this history, and ensure that the story of Linda Brown and the thousands of other children who were denied access to white elementary schools is told. This new site has met every expectation of ours, and pays proper tribute to the struggle for civil rights. As we dedicate the Brown v. Board of Education National Historic site, what was once a building designed to educate a few, now stands ready to educate us all.  