President, our review in the Intelligence Committee began in earnest in early June of last year when the intelligence community did provide our committee with 19 volumes--19 volumes, floor to ceiling--and they contained approximately 15,000 pages of intelligence assessments and sources and source reporting underlying the assessments of the Hussein regime's WMD programs. They also pertained to ties to terrorist groups, the threat to stability and security in the region, as I have said before, and the repression of his own people.  Our committee staff began immediately to read and analyze every report provided to determine how intelligence analysts reached their conclusions and whether any assessments were not supported by the intelligence provided to the committee.  Our committee staff endeavored to the greatest extent possible to disregard--to disregard--postwar revelations concerning Iraq in order to replicate the same analytical environment enjoyed by the intelligence community analysts prior to the war.  In late August and early September of 2003, our committee staff did request additional intelligence to substantiate the intelligence community's assessments which staff judged were not sufficiently supported by the intelligence that had been previously provided. Not only did we ask for the original information, but when we were not satisfied, we asked for more; we demanded more.  Our committee staff began to receive this additional supporting intelligence in October of 2003. In late October, the staff requested any intelligence which had not already been provided that contradicted the intelligence community's prewar analysis in regard to Iraq.  For example, the committee staff requested intelligence that showed Iraq had not reconstituted its nuclear program, had not renewed the production of chemical agents, and had abandoned an offensive biological weapons program. In early November of 2003, the intelligence community wrote to the committee that it was working to provide the contradictory intelligence we requested.  In the same letter, the community stated it had uncovered an additional six volumes of intelligence material that supported its assessments on Iraq's WMD programs, and the community did provide the contradictory intelligence information in late November.  I want my colleagues to realize that this has been an extremely thorough undertaking. During the 8 months of the committee's review, our committee staff submitted almost 100 requests for supplemental intelligence information, received over 30,000 pages of documents in response to those requests, and reviewed and analyzed each document that was provided.  Additionally, our committee staff have interviewed more than 200 individuals, including intelligence analysts, senior officials within the Central Intelligence Agency, Defense Intelligence Agency, Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Department of State, National Ground Intelligence Center, the Air Force, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  They have also questioned former intelligence analysts, national intelligence officers, operations officers, collection managers, signals intelligence collectors, imagery analysts, nuclear experts with the International Atomic Energy Agency, ambassadors, former United Nations inspectors, Department of Defense weapons experts, State Department officials, and staff members of the National Security Council.  Additionally, the committee has held three hearings on aspects of United States intelligence on Iraq, a hearing on the Iraq-Niger connection, a briefing by the CIA and State Department inspectors general on their review of the Iraq-Niger issue, and a hearing on the history and the continuity of weapons of mass destruction assessments that pertain to Iraq.  These efforts have enabled our committee staff to develop a full understanding of the quantity and quality of intelligence reporting supporting the intelligence community's prewar assessments.  Our committee staff have also gained an understanding of how intelligence analysts throughout the community used that intelligence to develop their assessments on these issues and how those assessments were actually disseminated to policymakers, and whether those assessments were reasonable, objective, independent, or if there was any political consideration and, again, whether any influence was brought to bear to shape their analysis to support any policy objective.  The professional bipartisan staff of the Intelligence Committee I think has done an outstanding job. It is a very complete job. For the next 3 weeks, however, it will be the members of the committee, our turn to do our work by reading and reviewing and suggesting any changes to the report.  I only hope that members will not prejudge the report. Let me repeat that. I only hope that members will not prejudge the report--there has been activity in the past indicating plans to do just that; I hope that does not happen--and that they will take the time to actually read the information in order to make informed critiques of the material.  This report can have a profound impact--it will have a profound impact--on the future of our intelligence community as we face the threats of a new century. However, this can only be done if colleagues on both sides of the aisle put aside election year politics and review the facts in an objective and unbiased manner.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  