President, I want to take a moment to respond to the very serious allegations contained in Bob Woodward's book about the use of counterterrorism funds to support preparations for the U.S. military invasion of Iraq.  As a Senator and a taxpayer, I am very troubled by this information. The Constitution gives Congress the sole power of the purse. The Founding Fathers did this for good reason. It is a responsibility that I take very seriously.  As a member of the Appropriations Committee for more than two decades, I know there is a long, bipartisan tradition of administrations--of both political parties--informing Congress when money is going to be used for purposes different than what it was intended for, especially if it is part of a major change of policy.  We do not yet know all of the facts, and we need to get the whole story as soon as possible. But I will say that in the wake of September 11, the Congress moved very quickly in a bipartisan way to appropriate billions of dollars to respond to the threat of international terrorism.  In doing so, we gave the administration a great deal of flexibility, but we also made clear that we expected the administration to keep the Congress informed on the use of these funds. And administration officials gave us their word that they would keep us informed.  We now learn, as a result of Bob Woodward's book, that millions of dollars that we thought we were appropriating for Afghanistan, or to respond to other terrorist threats, may have been used by the Defense Department to begin preparations for the invasion of Iraq.  The problem is that there is not a shred of evidence linking Saddam Hussein to the September 11 attacks. Even the President has acknowledged this.  In effect, it appears that the administration has treated the Congress with much the same disdain as it treated our European allies. Remember? They were the ``old Europe,'' who were out of touch, whose support we did not need. Like the United Nations, they were ``irrelevant.''  So too the Congress: What do they know? They just appropriate money. They do not need to know what it is being used for.  We also have learned, in even more detail, how this administration rushed into war without making adequate post-war plans or building a real international coalition. As a result, the reconstruction efforts are a mess, our credibility is in tatters, and America's soldiers are shouldering a grossly disproportionate share of the burden and the casualties.  The proper use of taxpayers' money is not a Democratic or a Republican issue. As representatives of the American people, it is something that we should all be concerned about, and it may force us to change the way we do business around here.  Mr. President, we also have before us an asbestos bill, the Asbestos Injury Resolution Act of 2004. This partisan asbestos bill is not ready for floor consideration. It is not ready for prime time, not by a long shot. I do believe the Senate should pass legislation to establish a national trust fund to fairly compensate asbestos victims. After all, I held the first hearing ever held by the full Senate Judiciary Committee in an effort to get a resolution to the problem facing victims of asbestos poisoning. But, despite the title of this bill, it is far from fair. It is very partisan. This partisan bill creates a trust fund that provides unfair compensation for asbestos victims. This partisan bill creates a trust fund with inadequate funding, no startup protections, and major solvency problems. This partisan bill contains a warped sunset provision that could trap victims in a failed trust fund for 7 years or more without having access to compensation.  Look at this chart. This fund says victims could be trapped in a failed trust fund for 7 years or more and would have no compensation. If the fund becomes insolvent, then the Hatch-Frist substitute provides for a reversion to the tort system, but only after 7 years from when the fund begins processing claims, and then only in Federal court, and then only for some limited disease categories. So victims could be trapped for 7 years or more with no compensation. That is not fair.  Some have claimed this bill provides for contingency funding to try to address the many uncertainties of future projections for asbestos victims, but the $10 billion for continued funding only kicks in after year 2023 and only if the funds still exist at this time. Let me show you on this chart. It is only after year 2023. We are in the year 2004. There will be very few in the Senate who will still be around to try to correct the mischief of this bill. You have contingency funding available after 2023. That means a lot will not be available to pay the pending 300,000 claims on day one. That is not a fair trust fund.  So I would say it is a mistake for the Republican leadership of the Senate to insist on proceeding to a bill and have so many major problems still unresolved. The bill is not ready for prime time. Let's work at making it ready, not work at scoring partisan points. Let's do something for the victims of asbestos.  Creating a fair national trust fund to compensate asbestos victims is one of the most complex legislative situations I have seen in 29 years in the Senate. The interrelated aspects necessary for a fair national trust fund is like a child's Rubik's Cube. So it is all the more necessary that a bill be a consensus piece of legislation for it to become law. I am not looking for a Democratic or Republican piece of legislation; I am looking for a bipartisan one that would work. That is why I worked so hard in months of bipartisan negotiation, why I worked so hard to encourage the interested stakeholders to reach agreement on all the critical details. I have had so many meetings in my office and in other Senators' offices with the major stakeholders across-the-board, and this is where we are. We have Senator Hatch and the majority leader introducing a partisan asbestos bill.  I hoped the bipartisan dialog over the past year would yield a fair and efficient compensation system that we could in good conscience offer to those suffering today from asbestos-related diseases and to the victims yet to come. Our leader, the senior Senator from South Dakota, Senator Daschle, was entrusted by all of us to speak for our caucus and to try to negotiate an agreement. Time and again he made that attempt. Time and again he was put off.  I stood there with him when he spoke to the leadership on the Republican side saying, Can't we get together on a piece of legislation? But unfortunately the Senate majority leadership decided to walk away from those negotiations and resort to unilateralism by introducing a partisan bill without Democratic support. That is a shame. They ought to pull this bill and sit down with Senator Daschle, knowing Senator Daschle will go to the table and negotiate a real bill, because the introduction of this bill raises many questions, most notably what the sponsors are trying to achieve, because it certainly is not a fair compensation model for asbestos victims. By breaking off bipartisan negotiations and pushing this bill to the floor, they have turned their backs on those of us who have worked so long for a fair solution.  I was encouraged to learn this week from a news wire report that a colleague, the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, who played an important role in the negotiations, favored resumption of negotiations. Senator Specter told the Associated Press:       I declined to join with Senator Frist and Senator Hatch in      their substitute bill because I think it is the better      practice to try to work through these problems. Senator      Specter, of course, has put in untold hours with retired      distinguished Judge Becker in trying to work through the      points of such a bill.  We have all learned a great deal about the harms caused by asbestos exposure since that first hearing that convened in September of 2002. Asbestos is the most lethal substance ever widely used in the workplace. Between 1940, the year I was born, and 1980, more than 27.5 million workers in this country were exposed to asbestos on the job and nearly 19 million of them had high levels of exposure over long periods of time. Unbelievably, asbestos is still used today.  What we face is an asbestos-induced disease crisis. Hundreds of thousands of workers and their families have suffered debilitating disease and death due to asbestos exposure. The disease and the death are among the most horrible ways of being sickened or to die. These are the real victims of the nightmare and they must be the first and foremost focus of our concern and effort. These are people who, simply by showing up for work and doing their job as they are supposed to, endured lives of extreme pain and suffering.  Not only do they continue to suffer, and their number will grow, but the businesses involved in the litigation, along with their employees and their retirees, are suffering from the economic uncertainty created by the situation.  More than 60 companies have filed for bankruptcy because of their asbestos-related liabilities. These 60 bankruptcies have a devastating human economic effect. Asbestos victims deserving fair compensation do not receive it and bankrupt companies do not create new jobs or invest in our economy.  In working with Senators Daschle, Dodd, Frist, Hatch, and Specter, we encouraged representatives from organized labor, the trial bar, and industryhelp reach consensus on a national trust fund to compensate asbestos victims. We wanted to give financial certainty also for the defendants and their insurers.  Now a successful trust fund--by that, I mean one that would provide fair and adequate compensation to all victims--would bring reasonable financial certainty to defendant companies and their insurers. To be successful, it has to have four essential components. It has to have appropriate medical criteria, it has to have fair award values, adequate funding, and an efficient, expedited system for processing claims.  During the markup session of the Judiciary Committee on the first FAIR Act, we unanimously adopted the Leahy-Hatch amendment on medical criteria. This created 10 categories of disease. The medical criteria represent bipartisan agreement the national trust fund should provide monetary compensation to claimants who suffered impairment and it should provide medical monitoring to those individuals with less serious asbestos-related conditions. The bipartisan medical criteria are in this new bill. I agree with them.  During the mediation process established by Senator Specter and Judge Becker--I referred to him earlier as Judge Edward Becker, retired chief judge for the United States Third Circuit Court of Appeals--the interested stakeholders tried to craft a streamlined administrative process. Senator Specter and Judge Becker worked very hard on this process. They deserve the thanks of all Members. I believe their very inclusive process was crucial to the establishment of a national trust fund at the Department of Labor.  Even that agreement, the agreement between the interested stakeholders, left many details unresolved. In fact, as this chart shows, Judge Becker listed 22 outstanding issues. Many involved administrative process. That list of 22 outstanding issues did not include the 2 other major components of a fair trust fund: fair award values and adequate funding to pay for it. These are the remaining issues.  We cannot zip to the Senate floor and because we could not find anything else to do, we bring it up. There are many issues, including startup language, sunset time, timeframe, reversion to tort system, in what forum, pending cases, settlements in pending cases, treatment of existing trusts, worker's compensation, medical screening of high-risk workers, transparencies, setoff rules, statute of limitation language, exclusive default judgments, bankruptcies, FELA, exclusivity for asbestos-related claims, and on and on.  I mention this because this is a highly complex area. Simply putting something on the Senate calendar to say we put something on the Senate calendar is a lot different than actually being legislators and trying to pass something. What we want is a decent piece of legislation, not a headline. The people who are suffering from asbestos-induced injuries and illness are not helped by a headline. They are helped by real legislation which requires real Senators doing--guess what--real work.  The changes made to a few award values by Majority Leader Frist moved in the right direction. His partisan bill does not move far enough toward providing fair compensation to all impaired victims of asbestos exposure. In fact, seriously ill victims of exposure would receive significantly less compensation on average under the current version of this act than they would in the tort system. The so-called FAIR Act is not yet fair.  The gravest injustice to the bill is to lung cancer victims. A victim with at least 15 years of asbestos exposure could receive only $25,000 in compensation for his or her asbestos-related disease under the new bill. Goodness gracious. I ask any Member of this committee, if somebody's negligence caused them to have lung cancer, would they feel satisfied with a $25,000 award? I don't have to poll the other 99 Senators. I know it would be a resounding no. Don't do it to the victims of asbestos just because they do not serve in the Senate.  My chart underscores the fairness of the award value for asbestos-related lung cancer victims compared to compensation available in the tort system and under the proposal offered by Senator Kennedy and myself during the committee markup.  The legislation we are considering today provides as little as $25,000 in compensation for victims suffering asbestos-related lung cancer. What a cruel joke on these lung cancer victims, especially those who are going to die within the next 2 years. What a cruel joke on their families who see this as the punishment because the breadwinner in their family went to work every day in one of these industries.  When there is smoking and asbestos combined, the likelihood of the resulting disease is greater than the sum of the parts.  Dr. Laura Welch is a well-respected medical expert who helped us craft medical criteria which was accepted by an overwhelming bipartisan majority in the committee. She said:       Smoking and asbestos act in concert together to cause lung      cancer, each multiplying the risk conferred by the other.  There is a synergistic relationship between asbestos exposure and smoking. Smokers who meet the bill's exposure requirements face a risk of lung cancer that is up to five times greater than smokers not exposed to asbestos. But they receive only $25,000 under this bill.  In other words, if you go to work at W.R. Grace or Halliburton or some of the other companies that are getting a real, real big deal under this bill, and they say, ``OK, guys and gals, you can take a 10-minute cigarette break,'' if they are foolish enough to do it, that combination of asbestos and smoking--at whatever company it might be; I picked W.R. Grace and Halliburton only because they benefit so greatly under the bill; others do, too--then their risk is much greater, and then they may have their awards reduced or even eliminated to repay any insurance carrier.  Now, that is a lot different than what happens now. Usually, under these programs, you do not have to repay your insurance carrier, you do not have to repay workman's compensation. Under the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act, you do not have to do that. Under the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, you do not have to do that. Under the Ricky Ray Hemophiliac Relief Fund Act, you do not have to do that.  But what bothers me is that when we made the medical criteria, we got a bipartisan consensus on the medical criteria. We did it in a way to guarantee that we were eliminating what were the most troublesome claims. We were setting a roadmap on which business and everybody else agreed. We all say we need to compensate the truly sick, but fair compensation is not free.  The Judiciary Committee's bipartisan agreement on medical criteria will be meaningless if the majority, in effect, rewrites the categories by failing to fairly compensate many who fall within them. You cannot come to the floor and say, look, you have Republicans and Democrats who came together and worked out the medical criteria that they are all very happy about--and we met with labor, and we met with businesses, and we met with insurers, we met with the victims themselves, and we worked out a fair medical criteria--and then come to the floor and say, see, we worked it all out. However, we made one little change. And what is the little change? The little change is to take away all the money or much of the money that was going to pay these victims.  If the award values are unfair, the bill will be unfair. And if the bill is unfair, it is unworthy of our support. In this case, with this partisan bill, it is unfair. It is unworthy of the support of Senators.  Since the first hearing, the hearing I held, we have had one bedrock principle: It has to be a balanced solution. Whatever solution we have, it has to be balanced. I cannot support a bill that gives inadequate compensation to victims. I will not adjust fair award values into some discounted amount just to make the final tally come within a predetermined and artificial limit. That is not fair, and I will not vote for a bill that is not fair. Remember, we are taking away people's most cherished right, the right of a jury trial. If we are going to do that, we cannot do it in a bill that is not fair.  Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle have insisted for months they will only support a bill that containsfunding with a goal of raising $109 billion over 24 years. But it is very clear from projections of future claims that this funding is inadequate to pay fair award values. You cannot have good legislation, successful legislation, fair legislation if it is based on a false promise. The promise we have to make is, if we are going to take away the rights of a jury trial to these victims, then we have to promise them fair compensation. This bill does not do that.  On the Judiciary Committee, we reported a bill that contained total funding of $153 billion. But this new partisan bill, introduced less than 2 weeks ago, contains mandatory funding of only $109 billion. All of a sudden, we have lost--we have lost--over $40 billion from the total funding approved by the Judiciary Committee under contingency funding amendments by Senators Feinstein and Kohl.  Senator Feinstein--she can speak for herself; she is in the Chamber--but she worked night and day on this issue to get a fair agreement. I do not know the number of times she buttonholed me at the committee or elsewhere, and every other Senator on both sides of the aisle, to reach an agreement; and she got it. That has been taken out.  Look at this chart. Is this fair? We reported a bill, which many questioned whether it had enough money, S. 1125, at $153 billion. Now it comes back and it is $109 billion. The first bill, many complained, did not have enough money; the current bill drops $44 billion out.  We also know there has to be adequate funding at the beginning of a national trust fund. Why? There are more than 300,000 asbestos claims in our current legal system, so you are going to have to have enough money in there to handle the claims that are going to be there on day 1 of this fund. However, this new bill actually provides less upfront funding than the bill reported by the Judiciary Committee.  It strikes what we passed in the committee, by bipartisan majorities, a commonsense requirement that directs insurers--who, after all, have billions of dollars sitting today in current asbestos reserves--to contribute their funding within the first 3 years of the fund because that is when most of the claims would come.  Another fundamental unfairness in this bill is it provides a corporate bailout for certain companies with serious asbestos liability.  Take a look at another chart. I ask if this is fair. The present value of Halliburton's asbestos liability is $4.8 billion. Under this bill, they would only pay $75 million a year to a national trust fund. The reason I mention this is Halliburton told their shareholders sometime ago they could handle this $4.8 billion, they could handle the amount of money set aside for their liability. They knew they were liable. They knew they would have to pay for it. They could set this money aside. In fact, when they thought they had a settlement of that amount, their stock actually went up.  But, lo and behold, by the time the Republican majority got the amount Halliburton would owe--the $4.8 billion--by the time our friends on the Republican side of the aisle got it, they only have to pay $1.2 billion. They saved $3.6 billion overnight. Not only that, they only had to pay it over 24 years. They are going to make that on the interest on their money. I am not even going to point out how much money they are making in profits in Iraq at the moment. I will leave that for another day. But they suddenly go from the $4.8 billion that basically they knew they were going to have to pay, and as soon as this Republican bill came up, it is down to $1.2 billion. No wonder Halliburton likes some of my friends on the other side of the aisle.  Let's take W.R. Grace, another good friend of some of my friends on the other side of the aisle. W.R. Grace was a company that was responsible for poisoning an entire community. Some of these companies only poison a few hundred or 200 or so of their employees when they come to work. They only poison a few hundred by hiding what they are doing. W.R. Grace goes big time, to quote one of the people they support.  W.R. Grace was responsible for poisoning an entire community, the whole community, whether you worked for them or not. They poisoned the whole community from its asbestos mining facilities in Libby, MT. W.R. Grace must love their Republican friends because while they had total asbestos liabilities of about $3.1 billion, under this bill they suddenly have to only make payments of $27 million over 24 years, which is pocket change for them. Instead of paying the $3.1 billion they are liable for today, they will pay only $424 million. No wonder they love Republicans. I mean, this is a walkaway.  And the irony is, with a straight face there are those who call this the FAIR Act. I am sure they probably call it the FAIR Act at the board of directors of W.R. Grace. I am sure they call it the FAIR Act at the board of Halliburton. But I can tell you, in the families where they see the breadwinner with the oxygen tank suffering, coughing up blood, suffering a horrible death, they don't call it the FAIR Act. They might call it the Halliburton Relief Act. They might call it the W.R. Grace Relief Act. They don't call it the FAIR Act.  As presently written, the FAIR Act would completely negate all legally binding settlement agreements between asbestos defendants and victims. It would take away their right to the courthouse. Even settlements that have already been partially paid, even those settlements--whether it is W.R. Grace or Halliburton, anybody else--where they have agreed they are liable, where they have started to make payments, all of a sudden comes the FAIR Act, and it is like Christmas in April because they can void those agreements even though they have been making payments.  In other words, if a victim agreed to take a settlement over a period of time from a defendant in return for dismissing the case, and even though that settlement agreement is an enforceable contract, the defendant, whether it is Halliburton or W.R. Grace or anybody else, gets the right to walk away.  Victims are actually punished under this legislation for agreeing to settlement terms proposed by asbestos defendants. Is that fair? Absolutely not.  In addition, the FAIR Act would retroactively extinguish all pending asbestos cases regardless of the stage in the litigation. The asbestos cases currently in trial or on the verge of trial would immediately be brought to a halt. Cases with jury verdicts or judgments would end, and all appeals would be suspended. Is that fair? No. It is not fair to the victims. It might be fair to W.R. Grace or Halliburton; it is not fair to the victims at home coughing out their lungs.  The partisan emphasis in this bill on behalf of the interests of the industrial and insurance companies involved, to the detriment of the victims, has predictably produced an imbalanced bill. This bill is a reflection of the priorities that went into it. Remember, many of us wanted to bring certitude to the companies, to bring fair compensation to the victims. Instead, this is totally skewed.  For us to succeed in reaching the consensus solution we sought for so long, a workable bill should fairly reflect and not discount the significant benefits that a fair solution would confer on the companies involved. A trust fund solution would offer these firms reasonable financial security. Even a casual glance at the way the stock values of these firms have closely tracked the Senate's work on this issue are enough to make it crystal clear.  I think forcing this new asbestos bill through the Senate would prove counterproductive, even fatal, to the legislative effort. The near party-line vote within the committee on the earlier bill was more of a setback than a step forward. Proceeding further without consensus would make it worse.  Many of us have worked very hard. Senator Daschle has worked extremely hard. Many of us have worked very hard for more than a year toward the goal of a consensus asbestos bill. This new partisan bill is especially saddening to me, and it is confounding. The obvious question that all of us, including those who brought this new bill to the floor, should be asking is, Does the partisan turn that the sponsors of this bill have taken help or hurt our efforts to produce and enact a consensus bill? I think the answer is clear.  Instead of writing a bill that will make Halliburton and W.R. Grace very happy with some in this partisan exercise, let's restart our work to achievethe common ground needed to enact a good and fair law. That is the best way to move it forward. Remember, we are not legislating as an arm of Halliburton or W.R. Grace or a few others. We are legislating for the good of this country. The 100 of us represent 280 million Americans. We want to be fair. Let's represent them.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ensign). The Senator from California.  