Unless somebody knew his background, they would have no idea whether he is Republican or Democrat. He is a committed officer of the court, totally fair to both sides. In fact, he is the type of nominee every President should send up. I wish we would see more like him. He is universally respected. He has proven himself over long years of Federal service and private practice to be a straight-shooting, fairminded person. Any litigant in a Federal courtroom can be confident they will get a fair hearing and a fair shake from him, no matter what their political affiliation is or whether they have any. I am pleased--I am more than pleased, I am proud--to support his confirmation.  One example of the fairness and lack of bias litigants in the Second Circuit can expect is seen in his answers to one of the questions I asked him at his nomination hearing before the Judiciary Committee. I asked him what his practice would be if a case came to the Second Circuit, a case that had been in the U.S. Attorney's office when he was there, even if he had not been the attorney handling the case. His answer, which I commend to all nominees, is a model of fairness, and was also a model of simplicity. He told me he would recuse himself from any case that had been before his office while he was there. No ifs, ands, or buts. That is one of the reasons why the Senate Judiciary Committee, which sometimes can be divided on issues, voted unanimously to support his nomination.  His qualifications, experience, and support across the political spectrum make him the kind of consensus nominee that proves when there is thoughtful consideration and collaboration, this process works as it should. That is why I will be pleased to vote to confirm him today.  Actually, an interesting sidebar on this, when he is confirmed to the Second Circuit, President George W. Bush will call his father, former President George Herbert Walker Bush, and say, I beat your record for judicial confirmations. During the 4 full years of the 41st President's administration, former President Bush managed to have 192 judicial nominees confirmed by the Senate. With today's vote, the Senate will have confirmed, even before the year is over, 193 of President George W. Bush's judicial nominations. That allows him to say he has had more judges confirmed with bipartisan cooperation by the Senate than President Reagan did in his first term of office, or his father did, or President Clinton in his last term of office.  I mention these statistics being of interest.  I am one lifelong Vermonter who is very proud of another Vermonter, Peter Hall. This is one of those things in our very special little State that will bring everybody together across the political spectrum. We have tried not to tell Peter he does have to spend some time in New York City each month because the Second Circuit sits there, but I think he will be able to work a great deal of his time in Vermont. Like me, that is one of the best of all possible worlds. You can be home on weekends.  I understand from the leadership we will vote on this and another judicial nomination later this afternoon.  Although I know the Presiding Officer is hanging on every word I might be saying, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  