President, as an aside, for one who has been here for 29 years, sometimes the press talks about the rancor in the Senate. This was a matter of courtesy shown by the senior Senator from Idaho, the senior Senator from Rhode Island, and the senior Senator from Michigan to the Senator from Vermont. These are the kind of things that make the Senate work. I appreciate it.  Mr. President, back in the 1980s, about 15 years ago, I flew in a helicopter from Tegucigalpa, Honduras to the border of Honduras and Nicaragua. It was at the height of the Iran-contra war. On the way I met with the contras there at their camp. And on the way back, there was a clearing in the jungle. You could see a Quonset hut with a red cross on the top. We landed there. It was a field hospital. There was a dirt floor inside, with beds, and an operating room next to it.  Inside I met a little boy, probably about 12 years old, with one leg; he had a homemade crutch. He had no place to live, and the doctors let him stay there on sort of a makeshift bed of blankets and rags in the corner.  He was a nice boy. He had no idea who I was or what I was doing there. He was just excited to see a helicopter come in. I talked with him through a translator. He had lost his leg from a landmine along one of the trails near where his family lived. They were farmers.  I asked him if the landmine was placed there by a Sandinista or a contra. He didn't have the foggiest idea. He wasn't even sure what this country, just a few miles away across the border, Nicaragua, was.  What he did know was his life was changed forever, and that he would not be able to run again, or work in the fields, or be a farmer like his father. It was a tragic story.  I came back and started work on a fund for mine victims, which through the courtesy of the Republican side is now known as the Leahy War Victims Fund, and it has had strong bipartisan support. But while that fund has helped many mine victims get artificial limbs and walk again, I soon realized that no matter how much money we spend we would never stem the loss of life from landmines that way.  Since I met that boy over a decade and a half ago, I have spoken on this floor about the dangers of landmines to innocent civilians and American soldiers so many times I have lost count. Perhaps I sound like a broken record, but I feel so passionately about this.  Years ago, I sponsored the first law anywhere in the world to stop the export of antipersonnel landmines. My distinguished friend from West Virginia and my distinguished friend from Michigan voted for it. The United States had the first law in the world stopping the export of antipersonnel landmines. That led to similar actions by other nations. In a short time, our allies took far bolder steps. Just 5 years later, a treaty banning antipersonnel mines was signed in Ottawa. I was there when it was signed. Today, over 150 nations have joined that treaty, including every NATO ally and every country in the Western Hemisphere, except two, the United States and Cuba.  It is interesting to recall the speech of former Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy, who laid down the challenge in Ottawa. Yet today, almost a decade later, in this hemisphere only two countries, the United States and Cuba remain the outcasts.  During the Clinton administration, I worked closely with the White House on this issue. I was disappointed that President Clinton did not join the Ottawa Treaty, even though he could have, but he pledged to work aggressively to find alternatives to landmines so the United States could join by 2006.  Until this morning, that pledge was United States policy and the Pentagon publicly embraced it.  I ask unanimous consent that a May 15, 1998, letter to me from the former National Security Advisor, Sandy Berger, which spells out that policy be printed in the Record at the end of my remarks.  