President, I totally agree with the Senior Senator from Utah in this battle. Senator Hatch and I have worked very closely on this issue. This is an amendment cosponsored principally by Senator Hatch and myself and Senators Sessions, Specter, and Biden. It is not a partisan amendment by any means. It is not ideological. It just makes good sense.  In the resolution before the Senate we look at the new committee, the homeland committee and governmental affairs committee, but we have four exceptions for good reasons. Section 101, we take the Coast Guard out of that. We take the Transportation Security Administration, we take the Federal law enforcement training sector, and we take the revenue functions of the Customs Service. But we have to make one other exception, and that exception is the U.S. Secret Service.  The Secret Service operates under Title 18 of the United States Code, that title of the United States Code of criminal law. Every one of these yellow tabs in the criminal code is one more area under criminal law, criminal code, where the Secret Service operates. The distinguished Senator from Utah said it is not just the protection service by any means, even though that is what we see in the news. They enforce many of the criminal laws, many of the laws related to the counterfeiting of U.S. currency and other financial instruments. They carry out criminal investigations. Criminal law enforcement function is the cornerstone of what the Secret Service does.  I first got involved with the Secret Service when I was a State's attorney of Chittenden County in Vermont. That was over 38 years ago. We had a counterfeiting case we were prosecuting under State law. For the expertise, for help in the investigation, we called in the Secret Service. The Secret Service was involved immediately. Even though it was a State case, a State prosecutor, the Vermont State police, the Burlington City Police, the expertise came at a moment's notice from the U.S. Secret Service. They stayed throughout that case. They made sure we had the expertise. They made sure they gave us all their knowledge of how one of these cases would be tried. Incidentally, we won that case.  Years later, when I was a new Member of the Senate, I was walking down the hall and I see the Secretary of State coming down the hall, people from the State Department, and also a couple of Secret Service agents. There was the Secret Service agent, David Lee--I remember his name--standing right there doing the dual things they do. His primary role had been in counterfeiting cases. We talked briefly about the number of counterfeiting cases he went to. I told him how much it meant to my little State of Vermont, which could not handle counterfeiting cases. A lot of crimes had been committed, and the Secret Service came in.  Now, they enforce criminal law. They have full Federal arrest authority, full authority to carry any needed firearms, full authority to use deadly force. We should continue our oversight, and the Judiciary Committee should continue its role. Their dual criminal law enforcement of financial institution investigations and protective operations is inseparable from the proper jurisdictional oversight of the Judiciary Committee. Again, I point to the Federal criminal code rules.  Now, the Coast Guard has been made exempt. It, like the Secret Service, is a distinct entity. Both should be exempted, not just the Coast Guard. The Secret Service has even more reason to be exempt. The success of the Secret Service mission depends on the criminal laws of the United States.  An example of that is that all the criminal fraud law enforcement investigations which the Secret Service handles are within Title 18. Where do they handle it? Within the Department of Justice through the Attorney General and the U.S. Attorney--under, obviously, the jurisdiction of the Judiciary Committee.  I will give another example. The Secret Service is authorized at the request of any State or law enforcement agency or at the request of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to provide forensic and investigative assistance in support of investigations involving missing or exploited children.  Let me tell you right now, if you have a missing child, we want everybody involved. All the local authorities will tell you that, especially if they are anywhere near a State line. They want everybody. Again, it comes under our committee.  So I agree, as I said, with the Senator from Utah. This is not a partisan issue. It is not a liberal issue. It is not a conservative issue. It is just good, plain sense.  Mr. President, I would hope my colleagues would be willing to accept the amendment on behalf of myself, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Specter, Mr. Biden, and others.  