President, earlier this week, we were able to obtain a firm commitment from the White House that there would be no further judicial recess appointments for the remainder of this presidential term. That undertaking led immediately and directly to the Senate vitiating a cloture vote and proceeding to confirm the nomination of Marcia Cooke to the federal bench in Florida. Today we debate and vote on the nomination of Raymond Gruender to the Eighth Circuit.  Thus, despite the pessimism expressed by some last week, I continued working to conclude an arrangement between the White House and the Senate that would allow additional progress on judicial confirmations. Working with Senator Daschle, Senator Frist, Judge Gonzales and the White House chief of staff Andy Card, we were able to reach an agreement on Tuesday. I again commend our two leaders. I have been working with Senator Daschle for months, as well as with the White House, to find a way out of the impasse in judicial confirmations. Senator Frist and I have spoken at length about this, and he has been working on that, too. I was delighted to see the meeting of Senator Daschle, Senator Frist, and Mr. Card finally take place this week. Most importantly, I was pleased that the White House agreed to no more recess appointments of judges.  I think we have demonstrated our good faith. In the 17 months that the Democrats were in charge of the Senate, we confirmed 100 of President Bush's nominees to lifetime positions on the federal bench. And the Republicans, during the 23 months that they have been in charge of the Senate, have now confirmed another 74. With the consideration of the Gruender nomination today, that total reaches 75.  This is the 75th confirmation for 2003 and 2004, of the 108th Congress. That matches the total for the entire two-year 1995-1996 period in which Republicans controlled the 104th Congress and exceeds the total for the entire two-year 1999-2000 period in which Republicans controlled the 106th Congress. Of course in those years Senate Republicans were reviewing President Clinton's judicial nominees. Further, with 175 confirmations, we will have matched the total confirmation for the most recent 4-year Presidential term 1997-2000.  It is significant that this is the first circuit court nomination the Senate will have considered this Presidential election year. The last time a President ran for reelection was 1996. During that session, with the Republican majority controlling the Senate agenda not a single circuit court nominee was considered. Accordingly, when the Senate acts to confirm the first circuit court nominee this year, we will have bested the total for the entire 1996 session.  I am pleased that the Senate has received assurances from the White House that the President will not further abuse the recess appointmentpower by making recess appointments during the remainder of his presidential term. It was the White House's refusal to reach a reasonable accommodation of the concerns of many Senators about the unilateral approach of the President's recess appointments to the federal courts that complicated our efforts to reach an agreement regarding votes on judicial nominees over the past few months. That is demonstrated by the prompt vote and confirmation of Judge Cooke Tuesday afternoon. I was pleased to be able to help facilitate the end of that impasse.  And now we are set to vote on another candidate, the nomination of Raymond Gruender to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. While some have mischaracterized the nominees included in this week's agreement as ``noncontroversial,'' they in fact include a number who will require debate and they will each require a roll call vote  Unfortunately, Mr. Gruender is another nominee whose record raises concerns, just as have the records of far too many of President Bush's judicial nominees. Mr. Gruender, though only 40 years old, has been a member of the Federalist Society since 1988 and has played a lead role in many national Republican campaigns. For the past two years, Mr. Gruender has served as the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri. In this capacity, he has been a vocal defender of Attorney General John Ashcroft's aggressive and controversial tactics.  He has also been critical of a city that passed a resolution reaffirming the importance of civil liberties in the fight against terrorism. He claimed that the resolution, which aimed to protect freedom of speech, assembly, privacy and due process, is ``putting lives in jeopardy and increasing the chances for terrorists to be successful.'' Mr. Gruender stood by these statements and his criticisms of the resolution at his hearing.  Despite his activities applying the PATRIOT Act as a U.S. Attorney and his public pronouncements about its provisions, Mr. Gruender stated in his answers to my written questions that he has ``not formed or expressed any opinions with respect to the constitutionality of any provisions of the PATRIOT Act'' and would, if confirmed, protect each citizen's civil rights and civil liberties.  I do hope that, if confirmed, Mr. Gruender will be a person of his word. I hope he will be fair and open-minded, and listen to all arguments involved in such cases. I hope he would not seek to decide cases in accordance with his partisan or personal beliefs rather than in accordance with the law. I also must note that, while he was candid about some of his activities, Mr. Gruender failed to directly answer several questions that I asked him in writing after his hearing, questions that would enable me to fully evaluate his qualifications for a lifetime appointment on the federal bench.  Just as a nominee last year attempted to stonewall Committee Members by not answering questions in a forthright manner, so Mr. Gruender avoided answering some of my questions by claiming that he could not express his views on the issues without a complete factual record and the benefit of the ``deliberative process.'' For example, Mr. Gruender refused to express his opinion about Congress's power under the Commerce Clause, Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment, or the 10th or 11th Amendments. This is a timid, evasive and useless response. And many other circuit court nominees of this President have answered the same questions.  Mr. Gruender does, however, have the support of both of his home-State Senators and has served both as prosecutor and a defense attorney.  I am hopeful that he will be open-minded on the bench and will act as he says he will, that he will follow the law and not seek out opportunities to overturn precedent or decide cases in accord with his political beliefs rather than his obligations as a judge. I also sincerely hope that Mr. Gruender will treat all those who appear before him with respect and courtesy and will not abuse the power and trust of his position.  For the last three and one-half years, I have urged President Bush to work with us. Our proceeding today on this nomination demonstrates our going the extra mile.  I would note that President Clinton's nomination of Bonnie Campbell to this court was blocked--by a secret Republican hold--from ever getting Committee or Senate consideration. By contrast, the Senate has already confirmed four of President Bush's nominees to this circuit:--William Riley, Michael Melloy, and Lavenski Smith were confirmed while Democrats held the majority, and, last year, Steven Colloton was confirmed to this court, as well. Mr. Gruender makes the fifth.  With his confirmation, Republican appointees on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals will outnumber Democratic appointees by four to one. There will be eight active Republican-appointed judges and only two active Democratic-appointed judges. And there is one more vacancy on this court which President Bush intends to fill with another conservative nominee.  I would note for my friends on the other side of the aisle--who consistently rebuke the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals as being ``too liberal'' because 60 percent of the judges are Democratic appointees--that the scales are tipped much farther the other way on the Eighth Circuit. With Democratic cooperation in confirming five of President Bush's nominees to the Eighth Circuit, Republican appointees now occupy 80 percent of the authorized seats on that court.  I congratulate Mr. Gruender and his family on his confirmation today.  