I am concerned that our distinguished majority leader and Senator Hatch have now introduced a partisan asbestos bill. We all agreed over the past couple of years of hard work on this issue that only a bipartisan bill will pass.  I held the first hearing on the problem of asbestos litigation a couple years ago. We worked closely with Republicans and Democrats, and I had hoped the bipartisan dialog over the past year would yield a fair and efficient compensation system that we could, in good conscience, offer to those suffering today from asbestos-related diseases and also to victims yet to come. But I am afraid the Senate majority has decided to walk away from those negotiations and to report to unilateralism by introducing a partisan bill.  I have offered, as has Senator Daschle, to work very hard on this issue. When I heard one was going to be introduced yesterday, I actually tried very hard to see if I could get a copy of it. Hours after it was introduced, we were finally given one.  We have all learned a great deal about the harms wreaked by asbestos exposure since that first Judiciary Committee hearing I talked about that I convened in September of 2002.  Asbestos is the most lethal substance ever widely used in the workplace. Between 1940 and 1980, more than 27.5 million workers in this country were exposed to asbestos on the job. Nearly 19 million of them had high levels of exposure over long periods of time. Even with all that, unbelievably, asbestos is still used today.  What we face is an asbestos-induced disease crisis--hundreds of thousands of workers and their families have suffered debilitating disease and death due to asbestos exposure. These are the real victims of the asbestos nightmare, and they must be the first and foremost focus of our concern and effort in this body. These are people who, by simply showing up for work, now must endure lives of extreme pain and suffering and often early death.  Not only do the victims of asbestos exposure continue to suffer, and their numbers to grow, but the businesses involved in the litigation, along with their employees and retirees, are suffering from the economic uncertainty created by this legislation.  More than 60 companies have filed for bankruptcy, and their bankruptcies have a devastating human and economic effect. Those victims who deserve fair compensation, of course, cannot get it from a bankrupt company.  I worked with Senators Daschle, Dodd, Frist, Hatch, and Specter. We asked representatives from organized labor, from the trial bar, from industry to help us reach a consensus on our national trust fund to fairly compensate asbestos victims and to provide financial certainty for asbestos defendants and their insurers.  A successful trust fund--one that will give fair and adequate compensation, would bring reasonable financial certainty to defendant companies and insurers--includes four essential components: appropriate medical criteria, fair award values, adequate funding, and an efficient expedited system for processing claims.  During the markup session of the first FAIR Act, we unanimously adopted the Leahy-Hatch amendment on medical criteria. During the mediation process established by Senator Specter and Judge Edward Becker, the interested stakeholders focused on crafting a streamlined administrative process and both Judge Becker and Senator Specter deserve credit for the enormous amount of work they put in on this. But we have not reached consensus on two other essential components: fair award values and adequate funding.  Although the changes made to a few award values by Senator Frist moved in the right direction, the bill introduced last night does not move far enough. In fact, seriously ill victims will receive less compensation, on average, under the current version of the FAIR Act than they would in the tort system.  Actually, the FAIR Act, as I say on this chart, is not fair. Victims with asbestos-related lung cancer with at least 15 weighted years of asbestos exposure could receive only $25,000 in compensation, basically a crude joke of the victims, especially given most lung cancer victims are going to die within 2 years. It is a cruel joke also on their families.  Not only that, we find they may have their awards reduced or even eliminated to repay insurance companies. That is so contrary to most existing compensation programs. For example, the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act, the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, and the Ricky Ray Hemophiliac Relief Fund Act all contain strong antisubrogation language to protect awards to victims under these compensation programs.  Our bipartisan medical criteria have already eliminated what businesses contended were the most troublesome claims. We all say we need to compensate the truly sick, but fair compensation is not free compensation.  Our bipartisan agreement on medical criteria is going to be meaningless if the majority, in effect, rewrites the categories by failing fairly to compensate those who fall within them. We need a balanced solution. We need one that can be supported by all Members in this body.  Even with consensus on medical criteria, if the award values are unfair, the bill will be unfair and unworthy of our support, which sadly is the case with this partisan bill.  Since the first hearing on this issue, I have emphasized one bedrock principle: The solution we reach must be a balanced solution. I cannot support a bill that gives inadequate compensation to victims. I will not adjust fair award values into some discounted amount to make the final tally come within a predetermined, artificial limit. That is not fair.  We have been told, however, the majority will support a bill that contains funding with a goal of raising $109 billion over 24 years. But it is clear from projections of future claims this funding is inadequate to pay fair award values to present and future asbestos victims. Indeed, it is a cut of more than $40 billion from the total funding approved in the Judiciary Committee under contingency funding amendments by Senators Feinstein and Kohl. It is not fair. All reflections show it is not enough.  The partisan emphasis in this bill on the interests of the industrial and insurance companies involved, to the detriment of the victims, has predictably produced an imbalanced bill. This bill is a reflection of the priorities that went into it. For us to succeed in reaching the consensus solution we have sought for so long, a workable bill should fairly reflect, and not discount, the significant benefits a fair solution indisputably would confer on the companies involved. A trust fund solution would offer these firms reasonable financial security. Even a casual glance at the way the stock values of these firms have closely tracked the Senate's work on this issue is enough to make this fact crystal clear.  Given all of these serious problems, I believe forcing this new asbestos bill through the Senate in its present form would prove counterproductive, even fatal, to the legislative effort. The near party-line vote within the committee on the earlier bill is more of a setback than a step forward even after all of our work. Proceeding further without consensus would be another mistake.  Instead, we should go back to work, build on those areas where we have bipartisan consensus, and then produce a bill that will help the asbestos victims in this country, will bring certainty to the companies that are laboring under possible liability, and will let the country go on with its business.  