 There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       The materials provided under the amendment should include,      at a minimum, the following:       (A) Memorandum for Timothy E. Flannigan, Deputy Counsel to      the President, from John Yoo, Deputy Assistant Attorney      General, Office of Legal Counsel, Re: The President's      constitutional authority to conduct military operations      against terrorists and nations supporting them (Sept. 25,      2001);       (B) Memorandum for Alberto Gonzales, Counsel to the      President, from Patrick F. Philbin, Deputy Assistant Attorney      General, Office of Legal Counsel, Re: Legality of the use of      military commissions to try terrorists (Nov. 6, 2001);       (C) Memorandum for William J. Haynes, General Counsel,      Department of Defense, from John Yoo, Deputy Assistant      Attorney General, and Patrick F. Philbin, Deputy Assistant      Attorney General, Re: Possible habeas jurisdiction over      aliens held in Guantanamo Bay (Dec. 28, 2001);       (D) Draft Memorandum for William J. Haynes, General      Counsel, Department of Defense, from John Yoo, Deputy      Assistant Attorney General, and Robert J. Delahunty, Special      Counsel, Office of Legal Counsel, Re: Application of treaties      and laws to al Qaeda and Taliban detainees (Jan. 9, 2002),      and any final version of this Draft Memorandum;       (E) Memorandum from William Howard Taft IV, Department of      State Office of Legal Advisor, Re: Response to the January 9      Yoo/Delahaunty memo (Jan. 11, 2002);       (F) Draft Memorandum for the President from Alberto      Gonzales, Counsel to the President, Re: Decision re      application of the Geneva Convention on Prisoners of War to      the conflict with al Qaeda and the Taliban (Jan. 25, 2002),      and any final version of this Draft Memorandum;       (G) Memorandum for Alberto Gonzales, Counsel to the      President, from Secretary of State Colin Powell, Re: Response      to the Gonzales draft memo of January 25, 2002 (Jan. 26,      2002);       (H) Memorandum for John Yoo, Deputy Assistant Attorney      General, Office of Legal Counsel, from James C. Ho, Attorney-     Advisor, Office of Legal Counsel, Re: Possible      interpretations of Common Article 3 of the 1949 Geneva      Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War      (Feb. 1, 2002);       (I) Memorandum for Alberto Gonzales, Counsel to the      President, from William Howard Taft IV, Department of State      Office of Legal Advisor, Re: Comments on your paper on the      Geneva Convention (Feb. 2, 2002);       (J) Memorandum for William J. Haynes, II, General Counsel,      Department of Defense, from Jay S. Bybee, Assistant Attorney      General, Office of Legal Counsel, Re: The President's power      as Commander in Chief to transfer captured terrorists to the      control and custody of foreign nations (Mar. 13, 2002);       (K) Memorandum for Daniel J. Bryant, Assistant Attorney      General, Office of Legal Counsel, from Patrick F. Philbin,      Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legal Counsel,      Re: Swift Justice Authorization Act (Apr. 8, 2002);       (L) Memorandum for General James T. Hill from Defense      Secretary Rumsfeld, Re: Coercive interrogation techniques      that can be used with approval of the Defense Secretary (Apr.      2003);       (M) Memorandum from CJTF-7, Re: Applicability of Army Field      Manual 34-52 and sensory deprivation (Sept. 10, 2003);       (N) Directive of Lt. General Ricardo Sanchez entitled      ``Interrogation and Counter-Resistance Policy'' (Sept. 12,      2003);       (O) Memorandum from CJTF-7 on interrogations (Sept. 28,      2003);       (P) Memorandum for MI personnel at Abu Ghraib, Re:      Interrogation rules of engagement (Oct. 9, 2003);       (Q) Memorandum for Commander of MI Brigade from Lt. General      Ricardo Sanchez, Re: Order giving military intelligence      control over almost every aspect of prison conditions at Abu      Ghraib with the explicit aim     of manipulating the detainees' ``emotions and weaknesses''      (Oct. 12, 2003);       (R) Memorandum for Review and Appeal Board at Abu Ghraib      from Detainee Assessment Branch (Nov. 1, 2003 through Jan.      31, 2004);       (S) Memorandum for MP and MI personnel at Abu Ghraib from      Colonel Mac Warren, the top legal adviser to Lt. General      Ricardo Sanchez, Re: New plan to restrict Red Cross access to      Abu Ghraib (Jan. 2, 2004);       (T) Memorandum for Superiors from Maj. General Antonio      Taguba, Re: Results of investigation into the 800th MP      Brigade's actions in Abu Ghraib (Mar. 12, 2004);       (U) Memorandum from the Department of Justice, Re:      Liability of interrogators under the Convention Against      Torture and the Anti-Torture Act when a prisoner is not in      U.S. custody.       (V) Review, study, or investigation report by LTC      Chamberlain, Re: State of prisons in Iraq (addressing the      high proportion of innocent people in the prisons and the      lack of release procedures for detained Iraqis).  