President, for the past 12 years, the Senator from Colorado has served his State with distinction as a member of this body. Throughout that time, I have been pleased to join my friend and colleague in a number of legislative efforts. He has been a tireless advocate on behalf of Native Americans, for the protection of police officers, and for preserving public lands and natural resources. It is because of his leadership on these, and many other issues, that the presence of the senior Senator from Colorado will be missed in this Chamber.  In 1989, Senator Campbell, then Congressman Campbell, sponsored legislation to create a new museum that would ensure the recognition and celebration of Native American culture and history. I am thrilled that earlier this summer we were able to join in the celebration with Senator Campbell as the Smithsonian Museum of the American Indian opened in Washington, DC. I know that none of us will ever forget the sight of our colleague in full chief's regalia speaking on the Senate floor on the day the new museum opened.  Before serving his State in Washington, Senator Campbell represented his country as the captain of the U.S.-Olympic Judo team, competing in the 1964 Tokyo Summer Olympics. While I have never had to witness him use these skills on a fellow member of the Senate, he once helped subdue a suspect that had shoved Senator Thurmond until the Capitol Police arrived.  One of Senator Campbell's most noted passions is his enthusiasm for motor vehicles. Senator Campbell has a well documented love of Harley-Davidson motorcycles, and Washingtonians have occasionally caught a glimpse of the Senator riding around town on his motorcycle. As the Capitol Hill newspaper The Hill noted in April of 2003, the Senator added to his vehicle collection last spring when he replaced his 20-year-old Dodge Plymouth last spring with a brand new Mini Cooper. While most Americans may know how the Senator gets around town when he is in Washington, far fewer probably know that Senator Campbell was behind the wheel for most of the trip when the 2000 National Holiday Tree was transported from Colorado to Washington, DC on a Mack truck.  Senator Campbell and I share a background in law enforcement, he as a former Sacramento County sheriff's deputy in California, and I as a State's attorney in Vermont. This background helped bring us together to develop the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Acts of 1998 that has since been reauthorized in both 2000 and 2004. Since its inception in 1999, this highly successful Department of Justice program has provided law enforcement officers in 16,000 jurisdictions nationwide with nearly 350,000 new bulletproof vests.  Earlier this year, Senator Campbell and I collaborated to produce the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, which will allow qualified active-duty law enforcement officers to travel interstate with a firearm, provided that officers are carrying their official badges and photographic identification. I was proud to team up with Senator Campbell in writing and introducing the Senate version of the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act that will enable law enforcement officers nationwide to be prepared to answer a call to duty no matter where, when, or in what form it comes.  Senator Campbell has a long and distinguished legislative history as a Member of the United States Congress. I am proud to have served with him on the Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, and I am proud of our partnerships to protect police officers, fight against landmines, and to provide funding for the WIC and Head Start programs. I applaud the Senator for his 12 years of service in the Senate and 6 years of service in the House of Representatives, and I congratulate him on a remarkable career.  