President, nearly 7 months after the world learned of the atrocities at Abu Ghraib, those of us in the Congress who strongly believe that oversight and accountability are paramount to restoring America's reputation as a human rights leader remain stymied in our efforts to learn the truth about how this administration's policies trickled down from offices in Washington to cellblocks in Abu Ghraib.  The Bush administration circled the wagons long ago and has continually maintained that the abuses were the work of ``a few bad apples.'' I have long said that somewhere in the upper reaches of the Executive branch a process was set in motion that rolled forward until it produced this scandal. To put this matter behind us, first we need to understand what happened at all levels of government. It is the responsibility of the Senate to investigate the facts, from genesis to approval to implementation and abuse. However, this Senate, and in particular the Judiciary Committee, continues to fall short in its oversight responsibilities.  Several of the investigations into U.S. detention policies are now complete. They provide additional insight into how the prison abuses occurred, but their narrow mandates prevented them from addressing critical issues. Overall, these investigations collectively suffered from a lack of scope and authority, leaving key inquiries into issues like contractor abuses and ``ghost detainees'' unexplored.  Ultimately, what emerges from the reports is a striking contradiction. The reports state that there was no official policy of abuse and they do not recommend punishment for high-ranking officials. And yet, the reports show that decisions made by top officials, including the President himself, led to the abuses that occurred in the fields of battle.  Recently, a Federal judge, recognizing the importance of government accountability, ordered the Bush administration to comply with a Freedom of Information Act--FOIA--request and release all documents related to the detentions at Abu Ghraib prison. Many of the documents released by the Administration are heavily redacted, yet reveal enough information to raise serious concerns.  One of the released documents, an FBI report dated May 19, 2004, illustrates a troubling pattern in this scandal. The redacted version of this document states that FBI employees at Abu Ghraib reported witnessing incidents such as ``military personnel retraining a detainee who was `spread eagle' on a mattress on the floor yelling and flailing . . . a detainee, either naked or wearing boxer shorts, lying prone on the wet floor . . . [and] detainees who were ordered to strip and then placed in isolation with no clothes.'' These practices potentially violate the Geneva Conventions and clearly violate the FBI's own interrogation rules, yet the agents did not believe they ``rose to the level of misconduct or mistreatment.''  On May 20, 2004, I asked Director Mueller at a Judiciary Committee hearing whether any of his agents had encountered objectionable practices involving the treatment of prisoners in Iraq, Afghanistan or Guantanamo Bay. He limited his answer to Abu Ghraib, stating that none of his agents had witnessed abuses in that facility. I wrote to Director Mueller on October 29, 2004, asking him to clarify the discrepancy between his congressional testimony and the information contained in the FBI memo. I also requested unredacted versions of all of the FBI documents released in response to the FOIA request. I have not received a response.  I remain concerned about reports of prisoner abuses that have occurred since the Abu Ghraib scandal was publicly disclosed. Attorneys working on behalf of a group of abused prisoners sent letters to members of the Senate Armed Services Committee on September 8, 2004, and to Vice Admiral Albert Church on October 13, 2004, notifying them that torture may have continued after the Abu Ghraib abuses were uncovered. I sent a letter to Secretary Rumsfeld on October 29, 2004, asking him for assurances that the abuse of detainees has not continued and that all interrogation techniques now being used in U.S. detention facilities comply with international treaty obligations and U.S. laws. Again, I have not received a response. I hope that we do not learn of continuing abuses, yet given all that we have seen and all that we have yet to learn, I am still not confident that the problems have been solved. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the Record these three letters.  