President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Kansas, the Presiding Officer. And I thank my friend from New Hampshire for his usual courtesy in allowing me to have the floor. I will talk about the same issue.  I am really disappointed there seems to be politics being played in this medical malpractice insurance debate. I feel a little bit like Claude Rains in ``Casablanca.'' I feel like saying: I am shocked--shocked--in an election year we may find politics being played on what we all acknowledge is a serious matter.  What we have before us is a one-size-fits-all bill. It is a one-size-fits-all bill for a problem that varies greatly from State to State. This bill would actually encroach on the rights of every State--my State of Vermont, the distinguished Presiding Officer's State of Kansas, the State of New Hampshire, all others. It would yank away from our States legal rights and legal responsibilities they now have. And if history is any kind of a predictor, they would take those rights away forever. I think we have to show great care in the Senate when we want to so trample the rights of our individual States.  The American public assumes the 100 Members of the U.S. Senate--if they are going to do something to drastically change the lives of people in all 50 States, if they are going to drastically step in and set aside the legislatures of the 50 States--would do it only after careful consideration. But instead we have short-circuited our own procedure. Usually, when we have a bill, as everybody knows from civics 101, it is introduced, it is sent to the appropriate committees, hearings are held, debate is held in the committees,amendments are voted on, and then it is sent to the floor--but people have had a chance, both for and against the bill, to come in and testify.  Certainly, the Governors of the various States would have a chance to come in and say either we want you to just trample our rights and trample our legislature, trample our own authority or we do not. In this case, that did not happen. In this case, the bill was just written up in a couple lobbying shops down on K Street and brought up here for people willing to introduce it at the request of those lobbyists. And instead of letting States find solutions that are best for their citizens, the Republican majority prefers this attempt to tally points on some election year political scoreboard for what are powerful special interests, but they are going to do it at the public's expense.  Instead of looking at the big picture, the overly broad antitrust immunity that the insurance companies get, or the fact that a lot of insurance companies made a lot of poor calls in the stock market and lost a lot of money and are now saying, well, the doctors can pay higher premiums to pay it back--instead of looking at ways to reduce medical errors so there would be less suits--what they have said is that we have to help these big insurance companies--not help the individual States, not help the people involved. We will help the insurance companies.  No matter they are unwilling to clamp down and ask for higher medical standards, no matter they have lost billions playing the roulette wheels in the stock market, no matter they do not want to debate, it is an election year and their lobbyists came up and said we really want this bill, so here it is.  Here is a bill that would take a chain saw to the legal rights of the American people and to the prerogatives of each of the 50 States that we take an oath to represent in the Senate. It has been tried before. It did not work. This time the bill is limited to obstetrical and gynecological care. Actually, it is not just making sure the insurance companies are helped out. But what the majority says and what the lobbyists say is they want to limit the legal rights of the most vulnerable patients: mothers and infants. It is unfortunate because we do have a health care system that is in crisis. We hear that so often that the force of it tends to diminish, but that truth is one we have to confront. The crisis is one that has to be tackled and solved.  Dramatically rising medical malpractice insurance rates are forcing some doctors to abandon their practices or to cross State lines where it might cost less. So many times, of course, these insurance rates have gone up even though there have been no cases that would indicate why they have.  Patients who need care in high-risk specialties, such as obstetrics, and patients in areas that are already underserved, such as many rural communities in my State and the Presiding Officer's State, are too often left without adequate care.  What I find amazing is that here we are, the richest and most powerful Nation on Earth, and instead of simply being able to do what most Democratic nations do--that we would assure access to quality health care for all our citizens--we are saying: No, we will allow our doctors and our providers to be driven from their calling by the manipulations of some of the insurance companies.  That is why I was hoping we would have a real debate, we would have real hearings, to find out what is happening, that we would find out what happens when you give antitrust immunity to the insurance companies to set rates however they might want.  Different States, though, have different experiences with medical malpractice insurance. Many of these States are not seeing rates skyrocket, but the State's insurance remains largely a State-regulated industry. Are we going to say that even for those States that have much lower insurance rates, we are going to say, tough, no matter what you have been doing, no matter what you did to make things work right, tough, because we are going to throw that all out. We are just going to wipe you off the books. We are going to wipe off your State control because we, the 100 Members of the Senate, understand it so much better than you possibly could. We know so much better than your 50 Governors, your 50 legislatures, and we know it so well we are able to do this without any hearings, without any discussions, without any work from the outside?  We are able to do it because we are U.S. Senators. And we know that what was handed to us by the lobbyists when they drafted this bill must be right because, after all, they come to our fundraisers.  I don't think it should be that way. I don't think that my own State of Vermont should be set aside when our Governor and our legislature are working to try to find the best solution for our small State.  I think of the one time we did have a hearing on this in the Senate Judiciary Committee--not this bill but a predecessor bill--when Linda McDougall came here. It was pretty tragic. She told us that she had had a double mastectomy because they made a mistake. She wasn't supposed to have had any mastectomy, but somebody read the papers wrong and that is what happened.  If the Senate is able to pass this bill and get it signed into law, she would still be allowed to recover, for what was gross negligence, a total of $250,000. That is about what Senators make in around a year and a half. Which do you think she would rather have? Would she rather have her body back intact or the $250,000? Please.  Arbitrarily limiting injured patients' remedies under the law without addressing systemwide medical errors that result in patient harm and death is a recipe for failure. We should be asking what were the things that went wrong; how did these things happen that such a terrible mistake was made?  We are fortunate in this Nation to have many highly qualified medical professionals. I think in my own little State of Vermont how fortunate we are to have extremely good physicians. Unfortunately, sometimes even good doctors make errors. If there is no pressure on the insurance companies, no pressure on the medical societies to keep the standards up, why should they go up? If the Senate, in its infinite wisdom, can take a lobbyist bill and just pass it and stop them from having to worry, why should they worry?  We must do all we can to support the men and women who commit their professional lives to caring for others, but we must also ensure that patients have access to adequate remedies if they receive inadequate care.  Let's understand, notwithstanding what the insurance companies' lobbyists tell us, high malpractice insurance premiums are not the direct result of malpractice lawsuit verdicts. They are the result of investment decisions by the insurance companies and business models geared toward ever increasing profits, as well as the cyclical hardening of the liability insurance market. In cases where insurers made a bad investment and experienced the same disappointment from Wall Street that many other Americans have, it should not be able to recoup its losses from the doctors it ensures. The insurance company should bear the burden of its own business model, just as every other business in this country ought to do.  A nationwide arbitrary capping--with no hearings--of awards available to victims, as the Republican majority has proposed, should not be the first and only solution turned to in a tough medical malpractice insurance market.  I might ask my friends, does anybody think if we pass this bill, if we override the legislatures of Texas or New Hampshire, Ohio, Vermont, or anywhere else, if we override all those legislatures and pass what the lobbyists and the fundraisers have asked us to pass here--this bill, with no hearings, no committee work, just came from the pens of K Street, I suppose--does anybody think if we pass this pig in a poke that these medical malpractice rates are going to come down? Come on. I have a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you if you believe that.  We can pass this. We can help the insurance companies out of their bad investments. We can make sure that people who have been severely injured through medical malpractice are unable to recover for it. We can do all those things. But I guarantee you, the rates will not come down. We have seen enough other times when we passed special interest legislation supposedlyto help consumers and it has helped businesses. It has not helped the consumers.  What we ought to be doing is conducting thoughtful and collaborative consideration in committee that might achieve a sensible solution that is fair to patients, that supports our medical professionals and their ability to practice. I suggest one thing we might do is take away the blanket exemption from Federal antitrust laws that the insurance industry has. Insurers have for years had this novel exemption that nobody else has enjoyed. The McCarran-Ferguson Act permits insurance companies to operate without being subject to most of the Federal antitrust laws. Do you think our Nation's physicians, our doctors and their patients, have benefited by allowing the insurance companies to operate without being subject to most of our antitrust laws? Of course, they have not. They have not used this exemption from antitrust laws to benefit the patients. They have not used it to benefit the doctors they insure. They have used it to benefit themselves.  With this antitrust exemption, they can collude to set rates, resulting in higher premiums, certainly higher than real competition would achieve. And because of the exemption, law enforcement officials can't even investigate the collusion.  If we want to do something, let's get rid of the antitrust exemption that let's them set doctors' premiums anywhere they want. Let's get rid of the antitrust exemption that allows them to recoup their losses in the stock market--not losses for malpractice cases--by just charging ever higher premiums.  More than a year ago, I introduced the Medical Malpractice Insurance Antitrust Act, S. 352. Senators Reid, Kennedy, Durbin, Edwards, Rockefeller, Feingold, Boxer, and Corzine cosponsored the legislation. It would modify McCarran-Ferguson with respect to medical malpractice insurance and then only for the most pernicious antitrust offenses: price fixing, bid rigging, and market allocation. These are the anticompetitive things that affect premiums.  I can't imagine how anybody could object to a prohibition on insurance carriers fixing prices or dividing territories. After all, all the other industries in our Nation have to abide by these laws or they pay the consequences. So we will find out who really carries sway here. Is it the insurance companies and their lobbyists or is there some indication that the American people may still have a voice in the Senate?  Let's find out what happens when we bring up an amendment to remove the antitrust exemption these insurance companies now have. This legislation languished for a long time. We actually had hearings on this. But the one that is written downtown comes straight to the floor.  If we are really serious about controlling rising medical malpractice insurance premiums, we have to limit the broad exemption to Federal antitrust law and promote real competition in the insurance industry, and work at reducing medical errors across the health care system. This partisan bill doesn't do that.  This partisan bill is designed to be a talking point for fundraisers. It is not designed to help doctors in rural, underserved areas to be able to pay their medical malpractice insurance. It doesn't help the women and children in this country who need these medical specialties. It may help insurance companies and fundraisers, but it doesn't help anybody. If we are going to pass something, let's pass something real.  I see my good friend from Texas and my friend from Ohio on the floor. When I started speaking, there was nobody else seeking recognition. My good friend, Senator Gregg, was kind enough to yield when I came here. I will be speaking more on this, but I will yield to whichever Senator wants the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Sununu). The Senator from Texas is recognized.  