President, I rise today to applaud the fact that the Satellite Home Viewer Extension and Reauthorization Act of 2004 has been included in the Omnibus Appropriations conference report. The House is likely to pass the conference report later today. The fate of the conference report is less certain here in the Senate, and I still have not made up my mind how I will vote as I am still reviewing the text of the bill. I am pleased, however, that the Satellite Home Viewer Extension and Reauthorization Act of 2004 has been included. This new law marks important progress for rural Americans by providing greater access to more television options or these consumers, making more local TV channels available to them, encouraging more digital TV offerings, and providing head-to-head competition with cable TV.  I was pleased to sponsor the original Senate bill with Chairman Hatch, and Senators DeWine and Kohl, which was introduced on January 21, 2004. At our Judiciary Committee hearing on the bill we heard from the President and CEO of Vermont Public Television, John King, who testified about the benefits of local-into-local television to Vermonters and the importance of getting both satellite carriers to offer it in Vermont. He also noted that all of the Vermont network stations should be offered statewide, including in Bennington and Windham counties. He testified that those counties receive local news from the Schenectady area and from the Boston TV market, respectively, not from Vermont stations.  I can recall hearing from many Vermont families over the years about this issue. In fact, in a letter dated February 20, 2004, I heard from almost 20 Vermont State representatives and State senators about the importance of getting satellite-delivered Vermont stations into Bennington and Windham counties. Indeed, the Vermont General Assembly adopted in both houses a joint resolution urging that ``the Vermont Congressional delegation assist in assuring the availability of Vermont-based television stations on all home satellite delivery systems in the state.'' I am pleased to announce that this just got done with the passage of this new law.  Once the President signs this bill, both satellite carriers, the Dish Network, also known as EchoStar, and DirecTV will be able to offer all Vermont TV stations in all Vermont counties. The Dish Network has been offering Vermont TV stations over satellite for over 2 years, except in those two counties, and DirecTV announced this month that they would begin offering local TV service in Vermont.  Both of these national satellite companies will also be able to offer TV satellite service in analog--as they do now--and in digital after full implementation of this new satellite law.  The Hatch-Leahy Satellite Home Viewer Extension Act of 2004 was approved by the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 17, 2004. All the members of the Judiciary Committee supported that bill.  When the bill was reported out of committee, I noted that the bill does far more than just protect satellite dish owners from losing signals as had happened in 1997 and 1998. I pointed out that the new satellite bill protects subscribers in every state, expands viewing choices for most dish owners, promotes access to local programming, and increases direct, head-to-head, competition between cable and satellite providers.  Easily, this bill will benefit 21 million satellite television dish owners throughout the nation, and I am happy to note that around 90,000 Vermonters receive satellite TV.  I was pleased to work on this bill not only with the Vermont Congressional delegation but also with my colleagues from New Hampshire, Senator Sununu and Senator Gregg. We, along with Senator Jeffords, introduced legislation to ensure that satellite dish owners in every county in each of our States would be able to receive signals, via satellite, from our respective in-State television stations. While our two States represent a small television market as compared to some of the major population centers, this provision is nonetheless very important to residents in six of our collective counties--two in Vermont and four in New Hampshire. I also coordinated these efforts with Congressman Sanders and Congressman Bass of New Hampshire. Viewers in both States in those counties will simply choose whether they want to watch WMUR from Manchester, or watch WVNY or any of the other Vermont stations. For the first time, these residents in both States will be able to receive home State news and programming via satellite.  For too long, Bennington and Windham counties have not been able to receive television news about what is happening in Vermont. Because of Vermont's alpine topography, with many towns in the saddles of our mountains, thousands of Vermonters did not receive Vermont television stations over the air. This new provision solves that problem.  I have received input from all Vermont stations on this effort. I also had my staff meet with representatives from all the Vermont stations to go over the details. I appreciate the input of Peter Martin of WCAX; John King and Ann Curran of Vermont Public Television; Bill Sally of Fox, WFFF; Paul Sands of WPTZ and WNNE, NBC; Ted Teffner of WCAX; Eric Storck and Ken Kazabowski of WVNY, ABC. My staff also met with representatives of Adelphia Cable, Vermont's largest cable provider, and other providers.  As I mentioned on the Senate floor in September, this effort will also allow additional programming via satellite through adoption of the so-called ``significantly viewed'' test now used for cable, but not for satellite subscribers. Generally applied that test means if a family were in an area in which most families in the past had received TV signals using a regular rooftop antenna, then those families could be offered that same signal TV via cable. By having similar rules, satellite carriers will be able to directly compete with cable providers who already operate under the significantly viewed test. This gives home dish owners more choices of programming.  In 1997, we found a way to avoid cutoffs of satellite TV service to millions of homes and to protect the local affiliate broadcast system. The following year we forged an alliance behind a strong satellite bill to permit local stations to be offered by satellite, thus increasing competition between cable and satellite providers.  I want to thank Chairman Hatch, along with Senators Kohl and DeWine, for providing such strong leadership in this effort. In 1998 and 1999 we developed a major satellite law which transformed the industry by allowing local television stations to be carried by satellite and beamed back down to the local communities served by those stations. This marked the first time that thousands of TV owners were able to get the full complement of local network stations. In 1997 we found a way to avoid cutoffs of satellite TV service to millions of homes and to protect the local affiliate broadcast system. The following year we forged an alliance behind a strong satellite bill to permit local stations to be offered by satellite, thus increasing competition between cable and satellite providers.  We also worked with the Public Broadcasting System so they could offer a national feed as they transitioned to having their local programming beamed up to satellites and then beamed back down to much larger audiences.  Because of those efforts, dish owners in Vermont and most other States canwatch their local stations instead of receiving signals from distant stations. Such a service allows television watchers to be more easily connected to their communities as well as providing access to necessary emergency signals, news and broadcasts.  The good news is that this bill is great for every state in the nation. Consumers in every county in every state will be offered, over time, more satellite TV choices. This effort is an example of how the Congress can work together on complex issues to benefit families all across America.  Many Members had a hand in crafting this bill. Subcommittee Chairman DeWine, and his chief of staff, Pete Levitas, and David Bolling, and ranking member Senator Kohl and his staff, Jeff Miller and Jon Schwantes, were very helpful in crafting the Committee bill.  In the other body, Chairman Sensenbrenner and subcommittee chairman Lamar Smith did a tremendous job on the Judiciary copyright issues. They worked with their Democratic colleagues including ranking member John Conyers and subcommittee ranking member Howard Berman to report out a strong bill.  The leaders of the Committee on Energy and Commerce worked on issues related to their jurisdiction and together with the Judiciary Committee developed a combined bill for House floor action. That was a great idea and they proposed a seamless package. As I have stated several times before, H.R. 4518 represented a very careful balancing of interests and was good for consumers, good for the affected industries, good for copyright holders and good for rural America. Staff of Senate and House leadership helped facilitate the process of working out some of the differences between different versions of the bill.  Many staff worked diligently on this effort, including David Jones with Senate Judiciary and David Whitney with House Judiciary, both of whom were instrumental in crafting good solutions to complex problems.  Many House and Senate Commerce Committee staff pitched in and worked together to get this bill done. James Assey, Bill Bailey, Rachel Welch, Gregg Rothschild, Alec French, Peter Filon, Sampak Garg, Neil Fried, Mike Sullivan and Howard Waltzman are some of the House staff on both Committees who worked hard to get the job done.  I know that my staff appreciated the helpful assistance provided by staff of Speaker Hastert, Bill Koetzle; Majority Leader Frist, Libby Jarvis; and Chairman Stevens, Christine Kurth and Lisa Sutherland, in this difficult process.  I appreciate the efforts of my Judiciary counsel Ed Barron. As he did during the last reauthorization, Ed tried to work with everyone involved to help build a consensus on all the issues. Ed did an extraordinary job as he has done on all the other major projects I have asked him to do over the last 18 years.  In the next Congress, I look forward to monitoring the implementation of this law and am ready to work with all involved in this process to address any concerns that may arise.  