President, over the last few weeks, we have all gotten a loud wake up call about the changes taking place around the world due to global warming. Unfortunately, the Bush administration is still turning a deaf ear to these alarms.  It baffles me that anyone can still deride or ignore the signs of global warming. It's even more astonishing that some people are even touting the benefits of global warming. Better access to oil and gas resources does not make up for flooded coastlines and the loss of entire species.  Yet the administration is still burying its head and hiding behind claims of insufficient research. Despite the overwhelming scientific evidence put forward in two reports released by the Arctic Council and the Pew Center, the President is still running away from his original campaign pledge to cut greenhouse gas emissions.  In fact, the administration's top climate official reacted to these two new assessments of global warming by saying caps on greenhouse gases would not happen during this administration. Period.  These two reports clearly show that we cannot wait any longer. We cannot spend another four years hiding from the truth and delaying solutions. According to the Arctic Council report, temperatures have risen by up to 7 degrees in the last 50 years and the snow cover has declined 10 percent over the last 30 years.  These changes not only have a dramatic effect on Arctic communities, but they also threaten the economy and environment of the rest of the world.  In my corner of the globe, climate models predict that New England's temperatures could rise by ten degrees over the next century.  In its practical effects on us and on our daily lives, that is even greater than it sounds. That is greater than any climate change experienced in our region in the last 10,000 years. In New England, our economy and environment are directly linked. Tourism is one of the top economic drivers in Vermont. Global warming threatens the revenues generated by the leaf-peepers who visit our communities in the fall, the skiers who arrive in the winter, and the anglers and boaters who come in the summer.  Climate models predict that New England forests will become populated mostly by oak and hickory. We will lose the brilliant red, orange and yellows of maple and birch trees.  Ski areas will have shorter seasons and will have to invest much more of their revenues in snowmaking. As our lakes and streams become more acidic and polluted, the attraction for anglers will decline.  Climate changes will also affect the heart of Vermont's working landscape--the thousands of family-run farms, maple sugar operations and small woodlots. Milder winter temperatures will bring more exotic pests that threaten our forests, worse air quality will degrade our soils, and more severe weather--such as flooding and ice storms--will damage farms and forests.  The maple sugar industry supports a $100 million annual economy in our state and 4000 seasonal jobs. If climate models play out, this industry could be wiped out as sugar maples recede from all U.S. regions but the northern tip of Maine by 2100.  But even before that, sugarmakers are going to see their operations affected by warming. As every Vermonter knows, you need cold nights and warm days to get the sap to run. Climate changes have already shortened the tapping season by almost a month.  Although the changes predicted for New England are still several years--and, I dearly, dearly hope, decades away--we must act now if we are to prevent them.  I applaud the actions taken by New England states to control greenhouse emissions, but our states cannot do it alone. We are all in this together. The Bush administration must act. Congress must act.  I hope that the two recent reports from the Arctic Council and the Pew Center will prompt the White House and the Congress to recognize the responsibility we all have to future generations as well as to our own generation to start now.  Passage of the Climate Stewardship Act is a first step, and it is one that I hope we can take next year.  