For too long the very ease of duplication and distributionthat is the hallmark of digital content has meant that piracy of that content is just as easy. The very real--and often realized--threat that creative works will simply be duplicated and distributed freely online has restricted, rather than enhanced, the amount and variety of creative works one can receive over the Internet.  There is no single solution to the problem of copyright infringement. Part of combating piracy includes offering a legal alternative to it. Another important part is enforcing the rights of copyright owners. We have already taken some steps to do this. The Allen-Leahy Amendment to the Foreign Operations Appropriations Bill, on Combating Piracy of U.S. Intellectual Property in Foreign Countries, provided $2.5 million for the Department of State to assist foreign countries in combating piracy of U.S. copyrighted works. By providing equipment and training to law enforcement officers, the measure will help those countries that are not members of the OECD--Organization for Economic Cooperation & Development--to enforce intellectual property protections.  The PIRATE Act represents another critically important part of the attack. It will bring the resources and expertise of the United States Attorneys' Offices to bear on wholesale copyright infringers. For too long these attorneys have been hindered in their pursuit of pirates, by the fact that they were limited to bringing criminal charges with high burdens of proof. In the world of copyright, a criminal charge is unusually difficult to prove because the defendant must have known that his conduct was illegal and must have willfully engaged in the conduct anyway. For this reason prosecutors can rarely justify bringing criminal charges, and copyright owners have been left alone to fend for themselves, defending their rights only where they can afford to do so. In a world in which a computer and an Internet connection are all the tools you need to engage in massive piracy, this is an intolerable predicament.  The PIRATE act responds to this problem by allowing the United States to continue to enforce existing criminal penalties for intellectual property violations, while providing new civil copyright enforcement remedies to ensure that American creativity and expression continue to thrive. The availability of civil penalties allows prosecutors to help curtail widespread piracy, and at the same time recognizes that handcuffs for infringers is often not the appropriate response.  Although we are debating several divisive issues during this Congress, I am pleased to see that we can all agree that the promise of the digital age can only be fulfilled if we empower our Federal prosecutors to protect the important rights enshrined in the Copyright Act. Senators Hatch, Schumer, Alexander and I recognize this need, and I thank them for working with me to produce this important, bipartisan piece of legislation.  