President, today the Senate considers the nomination of Paul Diamond to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Mr. Diamond has a unanimous rating of ``well-qualified'' from the American Bar Association and significant experience serving as an assistant district attorney in Philadelphia for 6 years and serving as a litigator in private practice for over 20 years. He is supported by the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, for whom I have great respect.  With the three confirmation votes today, the Senate will now have confirmed 17 judicial nominees this year alone. Seventeen is the total number of judges who were confirmed under Republican leadership in all of 1996. However, in 1996, the first confirmation did not even occur until July.  With these three confirmations today, the Senate will have confirmed a total of 86 judges this Congress and 186 of this President's judicial nominees overall. With 86 judicial confirmations in just a little more than 17 months, the Senate has confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during the 2 full years of 1995 and 1996, when Republicans first controlled the Senate and President Clinton was in the White House. It also exceeds the 2-year total at the end of the Clinton administration, when Republicans held the Senate. With 186 total confirmations for President Bush, the Senate has confirmed more lifetime appointees for this President than were allowed to be confirmed in President Clinton's entire second term, the most recent 4-year presidential term. We have already surpassed the number of judicial appointments won by President Reagan in his entire first term in office.  A look at the Federal judiciary in Pennsylvania demonstrates yet again that President Bush's nominees have been treated far better than President Clinton's and shows dramatically how Democrats have worked in a bipartisan way to fill vacancies, despite the fact that Republicans blocked more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees. With this confirmation, 19 of President Bush's nominees to the Federal courts in Pennsylvania will have been confirmed, more than for any other State.  With this confirmation, President Bush's nominees will make up 19 of the 43 active Federal circuit and district court judges for Pennsylvania. That is more than 40 percent of the Pennsylvania Federal bench. On the Pennsylvania district courts alone, President Bush's influence is even stronger, as his nominees will now hold 16 of the 35 active seats. In other words, nearly half of the district court seats in Pennsylvania will be held by President Bush's appointees. Republican appointees will outnumber Democratic appointees by nearly two to one.  This is in sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate when President Clinton was in the White House.  Republicans denied votes to ten judicial nominees, nine district and one circuit court nominees of President Clinton in Pennsylvania alone. Despite the efforts and diligence of the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, to secure the confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home State there were 10 nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies who never got a vote. Despite records that showed these to be well-qualified nominees, many of their nominations sat pending before the Senate for more than a year without being considered. Such obstruction provided President Bush with a significant opportunity to shape the bench according to his partisan and ideological goals.  New articles in Pennsylvania have highlighted the way that President Bush has been able to reshape the Federal bench in Pennsylvania. For example, The Philadelphia Inquirer, observed that the significant number of vacancies on the Pennsylvania courts ``present Republicans with an opportunity to shape the judicial makeup of the court for years to come.''  I would note that the Republican leadership has decided to depart from the order of the executive calendar to confirm Mr. Diamond today rather than Juan Ramon Sanchez, a well-qualified Hispanic nominee to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District in Pennsylvania. That is their choice. I do not want to see the Democrats blamed for any delay in confirmation of Mr. Sanchez. I support that nomination and believe it will be supported by all Democratic Senators.  I congratulate Mr. Diamond and his family today on his confirmation.  I yield back my time.  I ask for the yeas and nays.  