President, I am disappointed my friends across the aisle are insisting on proceeding to this partisan asbestos bill. I say that because the legislation is not ready for prime time. It is not ready for floor consideration. I am one who believes the Senate should pass legislation to establish a national trust fund to compensate asbestos victims. Actually, I chaired the first Judiciary Committee hearing on this subject back in September of 2002.  This bill would create a trust fund with unfair compensation, inadequate funding, no startup protections, delayed sunset provisions, and major solvency problems. Despite its title, this partisan bill is far from fair.  It is a mistake for the Republican leadership to insist on proceeding to a bill with so many major problems still unresolved. Again, this bill is not ready for floor consideration.  We did have a bipartisan dialog over the past year, and I hoped that would yield a fair and efficient compensation system we could in good conscience offer to those suffering today from asbestos-related diseases and also to those victims who we know are going to come in the future.  Unfortunately, the Senate majority leadership decided to walk away from those negotiations and resort to unilateralism by introducing a partisan bill, and that is a shame. I believe so many of my friends on the Republican side would like to have a good bill, but to have a good bill of this complexity requires real work and we have to work as legislators and we have to have substance, not symbolism. We have to have reality, not rhetoric.  The introduction of this bill raises many questions--most notably whatthe sponsors are trying to achieve because it is certainly not a fair compensation model for asbestos victims. By breaking off the bipartisan negotiations and hastily pushing a bill to the floor, the Republicans have turned their back on all of us who have worked so hard for so long to find a fair solution.  Creating a fair national trust fund to compensate asbestos victims is one of the most complex legislative undertakings I have been involved with in nearly 29 years in the Senate. The interrelated aspects necessary for a fair national trust fund are like a Rubik's Cube, and that is all the more reason why we should have a fair national trust fund bill and have it be a consensus piece of legislation. Otherwise it does not work, it does not become law.  That is why I have been involved in months of bipartisan negotiations. I worked so hard to encourage the interested stakeholders to reach agreement on all these critical details.  I thank Senators Daschle, Dodd, Feinstein, Specter, and other Senators, the representatives from organized labor, the trial bar, and industry who worked so hard to try to reach consensus on a national trust fund that would fairly compensate asbestos victims and also to provide the financial certainty for their defendants and their insurers.  We did reach bipartisan agreement on two of the four cornerstones of a successful trust fund. Senator Hatch and I brought together the Leahy-Hatch amendment that gave appropriate medical criteria to determine who should receive compensation and an efficient, expedited system for processing claims. But we have yet to reach consensus on the other two cornerstones of a successful trust fund--fair award values for asbestos victims and adequate funding to pay for the compensation. Even if we have the medical criteria and if we lowball the amounts, if we do not adequately handle it, it makes no difference.  Bipartisan medical criteria have already eliminated what businesses contend were the most troublesome claims, but that kind of fair compensation is not free.  The Judiciary Committee's unanimous agreement on the Leahy-Hatch medical criteria is meaningless if the majority, in effect, rewrites the categories by failing to compensate those who fall within them. Even with consensus on medical criteria, if the award value is unfair, then the bill is unfair and it is unworthy of our support. That is the case with this partisan bill.  Since my first hearing on this issue nearly 2 years ago, I have emphasized one bedrock principle: It has to be a balanced solution. I cannot support a bill that gives inadequate compensation to victims. I will not adjust fair award values into some discounted amount to make the final tally come within a predetermined and artificial limit. That is not fair.  It is critical that there is adequate funding at the inception of a national trust fund since there are more than 300,000 current pending cases in our legal system. Upfront contributions from defendants and insurers will be necessary to accommodate the inevitable, and that is thousands of these pending claims coming in on the very first day of the trust fund.  The new Hatch-Frist bill actually provides less upfront funding and less overall funding than we voted out of the Judiciary Committee. That is not fair. The partisan emphasis in this bill on behalf of the industrial and insurance companies involved, to the detriment of victims, has produced an unbalanced bill. This bill is a reflection of the priorities that went into it.  Many of us have worked hard for more than a year toward the goal of a consensus asbestos bill. So this new partisan bill is especially saddening and confounding. We could have a bill that protects defendants; it would protect the insurance companies; it would protect the corporations; and it would protect the people who have been sickened by asbestos. We could have done that. We could have brought finality to this issue. We could have ended endless litigation. We could have let corporations go on with their business. We could have made sure the victims knew they were going to get adequate compensation. We have missed a golden opportunity.  After the cloture vote on this partisan asbestos bill, the Senate will take up and pass the Kyl-Feinstein-Hatch-Leahy crime victims' rights legislation. This bipartisan legislation is a good example of what the Senate can do when we work together to reach consensus. Unfortunately, the bipartisan process of the crime victims' rights legislation is being abandoned by the majority on this partisan asbestos bill.  We should be asking ourselves this question: Does this partisan turn the sponsors of this bill have taken help or hurt our efforts to produce and enact a consensus asbestos bill? I say it does not help.  We have enough of a debate going on behind me, so I will yield to someone in a different part of the Chamber, Senator Kennedy, so he can make himself heard for 10 minutes.  