President, nobody can deny that the digital age has brought many benefits and many challenges to all of us.  In my home state of Vermont, the Internet has revolutionized how we work and how we learn: Distance learning brings the best teaching tools right into rural communities, and new business models let Vermont businesses reach new and far-flung customers. As suppliers who use the Internet, we enjoy access to a range of goods and services unimagined when I was growing up, and the vast panoply of information and entertainment offerings on the World Wide Web are at the fingertips of many Vermonters. Of course, we must work to ensure that everyone can reap the benefits of the digital age, and I am striving both here in Washington and in my state to do what is necessary to bring affordable and reliable Internet access to every household.  I am confident that, with continued focus and perseverance, the day of universal access is coming and we will all take part in the many advantages of the digital age. But there are other problems that require immediate attention, because they threaten the development of the web. We will never be able to make the Internet an entirely trouble-free zone, but we will also never be justified in failing to make efforts to defend and improve it.  One important effort to improve it is the bill that I am proud to introduce today--along with Senators Hatch, Daschle, Frist, Boxer, and Graham of South Carolina--the ``Inducing Infringement of Copyright Act of 2004.''  The ``Inducing Infringement of Copyright Act of 2004'' is a straightforward bill. Our legislation treats those who induce others to violate copyrights as infringers themselves. This is not a novel concept; it is the codification of a long-standing principle of intellectual property law: that infringement liability reaches not only direct infringers but also those who intentionally induce illegal infringement. And while the legal principle is an old one, the problems of inducement for copyright are a relatively new byproducts of the digital age--an age in which it is easy, and often profitable, to induce others to violate copyrights through illegal downloading from the Internet.  The principle at the heart of this bill--secondary copyright liability--has long been in the common law. In fact, such secondary liability is provided for by statute in the patent law. The patent code provides liability for inducing infringement and for the sale of material components of patented machines, when the components are not a staple article of commerce suitable for substantial non-infringing use. This is because it has long been relatively simple and economically worthwhile to induce patent infringement. By contrast, until recently the ability to illegally download music, books, software, and films has not existed. Recent developments, however, now make it necessary for Congress to clarify that this principle also applies to copyrights.  What the inducement bill does not do is just as important as what it does: It does not target technology. Useful legislation on this topic must address the copyright issue and not demonize certain software. As a practical matter, if a law is targeted at certain software, the designers will simply design around the law and render it useless. And as a matter of effectiveness, if the law addresses only well-understood present threats, it will necessarily be too narrow to encompass future technologies that may pose the same threat to copyrights. A law that deals simply withthe copyrights--and their violation--is far less likely to be circumvented or out-dated before it can do any good. It will be both broad enough and sufficiently flexible to accommodate situations we cannot foresee.  This legislation is also carefully crafted to preserve the doctrine of ``fair use.'' Indeed by targeting the illegal conduct of those who have hijacked promising technologies, we can hope that consumers in the future have more outlets to purchase creative works in a convenient, portable digital format. Similarly, the bill will continue to promote the development of new technologies as it will not impose liability on the manufacturers of copying technology merely because the possibility exists for abuse. Finally, the bill will not affect Internet service providers who comply with the safe harbor provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.  Copyright law protecting intellectual property is one of the taproots of our economy and of our creativity as a nation. For copyright law to work as the Founders intended, it needs effective enforcement. That means adapting enforcement tools to meet new challenges, in the digital age or in any age. And that is the straightforward purpose of this bill.  I would like to take a moment also to emphasize another important, if obvious, point about this bill that some detractors have ignored. The law only penalizes those who intentionally induce others to infringe copyrights. Thus, the makers of electronic equipment, the software vendors who sell email and other programs, the Internet service providers who facilitate access to the Web--all of these entities have nothing to fear from this bill. So long as they do not conduct their businesses with the intention of inducing others to break the law--and I certainly have not heard from anyone who makes that claim--they should rest easy. The only actors who have anything to fear are those that are already breaking the law; this bill simply clarifies and codifies that long-standing doctrine of secondary liability.  The ``Inducing Infringement of Copyright Act of 2004'' is a simple fix to a growing problem. The bill protects the rights inherent in creative works, while helping to ensure that those same works can be easily distributed in digital format.  