President, I rise today to speak about a very simple amendment that everyone should support. This amendment requires the Inspector General of the Department of Defense (DOD-IG), in consultation with the Inspectors General of the State Department and the CIA, to conduct a comprehensive investigation into the programs and activities of the Iraqi National Congress.  Over the last 10 years, we have seen funds from the U.S. Government spent in highly questionable, if not fraudulent ways, including money spent on oil paintings and health club memberships.  But this is only the tip of the iceberg. A number of serious questions remain unanswered concerning the INC. Here are a couple of examples:  First, the INC spent millions in setting up offices around the world, including London, Prague, Damacus, and Tehran. The State Department's internal documents indicated that they really had no idea of what was happening in some of these offices--especially Tehran. In light of the recent press reports about INC intelligence sharing with Iran, I think the DOD-IG should take a look at this issue and see what was happening in the Tehran office. We need to get to the bottom of this.  Second, the INC spent millions to set up radio and television broadcasting inside Iraq. The radio program seemed redundant as the U.S. Government was, at the time, funding Radio Free Iraq. A New York Times article questioned the effectiveness of the TV broadcasting program. Kurdish officials indicated that, despite repeated attempts, they could never pickup the INC's TV broadcast inside Iraq. This, again, raises questions about how this money is being spent. The IG should examine this issue. We need to get to the bottom of this.  Third the INC's Informaiton Collection Program--funded initially by the State Department and later by the Defense Department--continues to be a source of controversy and mystery. I have a memo here, written by the INC to Appropriations Committee staff, detailing the INC's Information Collection Program. In this memo, the INC claims to have written numerous reports to senior Administration officials, who are listed in this memo, on topics including WMD proliferation. The Administration disputes this claim. Again, we need to get to the botton of this.  I could go on and on. However, in the interests of time, I will simply say that there are many, serious unanswered questions about the INC's activities.  What was the INC doing with U.S. taxpayer dollars? What was going on in the Tehran office? Did the Information Collection Program contribute to intelligence failures in Iraq? Were the broadcasting programs at all effective in gathering support for U.S. efforts in Iraq?  To be sure, there have been a few investigations into INC. However, these have been incomplete, offering only a glimpse of what occurred.  A few years ago, the State Department Inspector General issued two reports on the INC. But these reports only covered $4.3 million and examined only the Washington and London Offices. The State Department IG informed my office yesterday that these are the only two audits they conducted and have no plans to conduct audits on this issue.  A GAO report, published earlier this year, summarized the different grant agreements that the State Department entered into with the INC, but this report did not attempt to answer the myriad questions that remain about the INC.  Another GAO report is underway, but this looks only at the narrow question of whether the INC violated U.S. laws concerning the use of taxpayer funds to pay for public propaganda.  Finally, according to press reports, the Intelligence Committee is looking to a few issues related to the INC.  My amendment is consistent with these investigations. The DOD-IG does not have to reinvent the wheel. It can build off this existing body of work to answer questions that will remain long after these investigation have been completed.  Mr. President, my amendment is about transparency. My amendment is about accountability. My amendment is about getting to the bottom of one of the most mismanaged programs in recent history.  Most importantly, my amendment is about learning from our mistakes so we do not repeat them in the future. I urge my colleague to support my amendment.  