President, the conference report before the Senate today includes an important provision that will put a stop to the ill-advised attempt by the Department of Homeland Security to privatize jobs that are vital to keeping Americans safe. The conference report prohibits DHS from spending money to process or approve the privatization of Immigration Information Officer, Contact Representative, or Investigative Assistant positions. The House voted for this exact amendment earlier this year by a vote of 242-163, with 49 Republicans supporting it. The Senate voted 49-47 for this language. During the meeting of the conferees, both the Senate and House delegations voted in favor of this language.  Immigration Information Officers, IIOs, are responsible for screening applications for immigration benefits for fraud, and for performing criminal background checks on applicants. There are more than 1,200 IIOs and Contact Representatives around the nation, working for the Citizenship and Immigration Services, CIS, branch of DHS. The work they do in attempting to discover and prevent immigration fraud--and prevent dangerous people from abusing the immigration system--is clearly ``inherently governmental,'' making them an inappropriate target of a privatization effort.  As our Nation continues to face the threat of terrorism, CIS carries a heavy burden in its attempt to process immigration and naturalization applications while ensuring that terrorists--along with other fraudulent actors--do not abuse our immigration system. Information Officers have played a vital role in meeting this burden. Indeed, the agency's own job description requires that IIOs have the ``[s]kill to identify fraudulent documents in order to prevent persons from appealing for benefits for which they are not eligible,'' a skill that is obviously all the more important in this era. They are also required by DHS to have ``[k]nowledge and skill in interviewing techniques and observation of applicants in order to determine if an applicant is misrepresenting the facts in order to appear eligible for a benefit.'' Weeding out potential fraud in our immigration system must remain a responsibility of government employees, especially when the perpetrator of the fraud may be a dangerous criminal or terrorist. This conference report will ensure that is the case.  I have a personal interest in this issue because about 100 fine Vermonters currently work as IIOs. I know the fine work they do, and I know that my staff and indeed all of our staffs rely on them and their counterparts throughout the country when we are seeking to help our constituents. I know that our Nation will be better off because these fine men and women will remain in their current positions.  