President, today, we vote to confirm another district court nominee of President Bush, Frank Dennis Saylor, IV, to the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Mr. Saylor is a partner at the firm of Procter Goodwin. He is supported by both of his home-State Senators, who deserve much credit for his confirmation today.  Today's confirmation will make the 77th judge confirmed this Congress and the 177th judicial nominee named by this President to be confirmed by the Senate. We confirmed 100 in the 17 months that Democrats led the Senate. We are now confirming the 77th in the other 24 months that have transpired during this most divisive presidency.  With 77 judicial confirmations this Congress, the Senate has confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during the entire 2 years of 1995 and 1996, when Republicans controlled the Senate and President Clinton was in the White House. It also exceeds the two-year total for the last 2 years of the Clinton administration in 1999 and 2000, when Republicans controlled the Senate. So, we have exceeded the totals for the last two Congresses leading up to presidential elections.  With 177 total confirmations for President Bush in 3\1/2\ years, the Senate has confirmed more lifetime judicial appointees of this President than were allowed to be confirmed in President Clinton's entire term from 1997 through 2000. We have already surpassed the number of judicial confirmations during President Reagan's entire term from 1981 through 1984, and he is acknowledged to have appointed more Federal judges than any other President in our history.  Democratic support for the confirmation of Mr. Saylor, an active Republican who was championed by Republican Governor Mitt Romney for the bench, is yet another example of our extraordinary cooperation. Mr. Saylor's Republican credentials are not in doubt--he was even on some short lists for Bush Administration Executive Branch positions. We take into account his experience and his career as a litigator who has served as both a Federal prosecutor and a defender of those accused of crimes.  I congratulate Mr. Saylor, his wife, Catherine Adams Fiske, who is an attorney with the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of Justice, and their family on his confirmation today.  While this confirmation is another demonstration of good faith and cooperation by Democratic Senators, we, again, see partisan Republicans seeking confrontation. Last week, the President used his recess appointment powers to place Republicans on what should be bipartisan boards and commissions. A good example is the U.S. Parole Commission. While Isaac Fullwood's nomination is being bottled up by Republicans, the President proceeds to recess appoint Deborah Spagnoli. In addition, the President has yet to follow through on Democratic recommendations to longstanding vacancies on the U.S. Sentencing Commission. This week Republicans on the Judiciary Committee will end the short-lived cooperation on judicial nominations and force votes and hearings on controversial nominees, apparently in response to pressure from the right wing of the Republican Party. Republicans are insisting that the Committee break with tradition and proceed on judicial nominees opposed by home-state Senators.  Thus, while this nomination marks historic progress in Democratic Senators' cooperation with the White House, partisan Republicans refuse to take yes for an answer and insist on ignoring the progress that we have made. We have treated President Bush's judicial nominees far more fairly than Republicans treated President Clinton's. Still, no good deed we do goes unpunished.  