President, the tax bill conference report that will overwhelmingly pass the Senate today is an opportunity lost. This bill is a fiscally irresponsible giveaway full of hundreds of special interest provisions that will ultimately cost the taxpayers billions of dollars.  I voted in favor of the Senate version of this important legislation when it passed by an overwhelming vote of 92-5 back in May. What began as a legislative fix to bring our Tax Code into compliance with international trade laws has turned into a deficit busting give away to special interests. This conference report lacks the balance and restraint that was critical to passage of the Senate bill.  The math on how this bill adds to the deficit is simple. Repeal of the so-called FSC ETI tax breaks for U.S. multinational companies will increase revenue by $50 billion. Incredibly, the conferees could not help themselves but take the opportunity to not only spend that $50 billion but also spend another $100 billion with almost no comparable spending offsets--adding straight to the ballooning Federal budget deficit.  The conference report is being sold as a godsend for American manufacturing workers, yet Senate provisions to tie corporate tax breaks to actual job creation have been stripped. I have to chuckle when I hear the White House referring to this as the ``JOBS'' conference report.  I am also disappointed that the conferees chose to drop the Senate provision sponsored by Senator Landrieu to provide tax credits to employers who make up the pay that employees lose when they are called up for National Guard or Reserve duty. Senator Landrieu has eloquently and forcefully highlighted to the Senate over the past couple of days why this provision should not have been dropped from the final conference report. I agree with her outrage that the conferees included many special interest tax provisions--one even for ceiling fan manufacturers--but could not include a provision that helps the men and women who are serving their country.  