 The Harry Truman amendment was civil. This is criminal. Thus, this is more protective of a defendant because, as the distinguished Senators know, and certainly those who have been prosecutors know all too well, in a criminal case you have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt. A civil case can often be the preponderance of the evidence. This is more protective of both sides. But it holds the hammer of a criminal proposal. This has tough criminal penalties for individuals who defraud the American taxpayer. It provides a maximum criminal penalty of 20 years in prison and fines of up to $1 million.  The reason we did criminal rather than civil, there was a time when if you proposed a $10 million fine back at the time of Harry Truman, that was a lot of money. We have had at least one company that has already had to pay back money on overcharging and profiteering. They spend more than that $10 million on a weekend running ads saying how good they are at feeding the troops. But if you are facing a criminal penalty and might go to the slammer, then you think about it.  I will state why this is necessary. For example, if we wanted to use current law, which is basically what the second-degree amendment is, current law does not specifically outlaw war profiteering. My amendment, which the Senator from Illinois has spoken about, does specifically outlaw war profiteering. We wanted to go as a second-degree amendment. Current statute does not say that U.S. courts have explicit and uncategorical jurisdiction over fraud and profiteering in Iraq. My amendment does. If we tried to just take current law, where are we? My amendment eliminates unnecessary thresholds, for example, to prove mail and wire fraud, and the current statutes do not. And, of course, a 20-year felony.  There really are no laws on the books that address war profiteering. There are laws on the books for murder, laws on the books for rape, laws on the books for armed robbery, but there is nothing that goes specifically into war profiteering. Frankly, what I want to do is not just to throw people in the slammer; I want to stop them from doing it in the first place.  This is a real deterrent. If you have a prosecution that says you can go to jail, not just pay a fine, which is small change for some of these companies, but you might actually go to jail, somebody is going to say: Wait a minute. We can't triple charge for this. We can't triple charge for these hotels. We can't triple charge for these cars--and so on.  