President, the Senator from Illinois raises the exact right point. You read these accounts in the press. I referred to the e-mail traffic which has just come out about a multibillion-dollar noncompetitive contract given to Halliburton after they had sent e-mails saying it was being cleared by the Vice President's office or it was OK with the Vice President's office, and there are the things you have talked about, the obvious things about war profiteering.  Now, had the other body left the amendment in, the amendment that was part of the appropriations bill that we passed overwhelmingly--I think 87 to 12 here in the Senate--had they left that in the final bill, had they stood up to the White House and not allowed them to convince them to strip it out, then the kinds of actions the Senator from Illinois is talking about would be prosecutable.  I would suggest they probably never would have happened. The taxpayers would have saved those millions upon millions of dollars because somebody would have told them back at corporate headquarters: Hey, guys, you can go to jail if you do this. It is not just the case that if you get caught, you might have to pay the money back, but you can go to jail if you do this. And that would stop it.  Now, if we pass this today, it still has to be signed into law, and it would be prospective. Unfortunately, because the other body basically gave in to the importunings of the White House and took out the amendment, the war profiteering amendment which had been part of the bill that every one of us on this floor voted for, we cannot do anything about that. Had that been put into law, as it should have been, I suspect the activities that the Senator from Illinois has talked about would not have occurred because whoever is on the ground is going to call back and say: Hey, guys, it might sound good to you back home there, but I am not going to go to jail. I am not going to go to jail just to raise a little more money. I am not going to go to jail just because you say if you get caught you may have to pay it back, and it wouldn't happen.  What I am saying is this: When companies, especially some companies that have been accused of this, will spend more money in a few days here in Washington running ads to convince 535 Members of Congress how wonderful they are than they could possibly pay in fines, they do not care. You could leave whatever laws are on the books now. You could leave the possibility of paying it back. Because what happens? If you are a company and you go ahead and profiteer, you do war profiteering, you overcharge, you do whatever these other things are, and you do it 10 times, and you get caught 3 times, and they say: You are going to pay back those millions you overcharged--you say: Gosh, almighty, you got me. Gee, I'm sorry. Gee whiz. Here it is. And you tell your bookkeepers: They didn't find the other 7. We are ahead of the game.  On the other hand, if you do it 10 times, and you get caught on 3 of them, and suddenly people start going to jail, these other companies are going to say: Wait a minute, no-bid contracts or not, I am not going to take the chance.  If we want to stand up for the American taxpayers, if we want to say we are tough on crime, let's say criminals go to jail. That is all there is. Let's try this law. Let's see. Maybe if this is on the books people will stop profiteering.  What drives me up the wall is we have 140,000 very brave men and women--American men and women--over there under arms who are trying to do their best and getting shot at every day. I was at a funeral in Vermont this week for one of them, as I have been on several other occasions. They are putting their lives on the line. They are getting paid what a corporal or a sergeant gets paid, and they should not have to be putting up with companies back here making obscene profits on what they do. They put their lives on the line.  What I am saying is, some of the people who are making these obscene profits, they ought to at least go to jail. They ought to at least go to jail. I was thinking of that this week when I was at that funeral in Vermont. These are brave American men and women. I know every one of us here applauds their bravery. But I do not want to see companies, whether they are American companies or any other companies, making money on our sons and daughters who are over there putting their lives on the line.  That is why I want this amendment. That is why we should have kept it in the bill before. Frankly, we ought to keep it in now. Now, I fully understand that the White House comes out here and says: We don't want to tamper with these people. We don't want to put the brakes on them. They can get the votes to knock down this amendment, but it is wrong. It is wrong. And I suggest that some of those who lobby against this kind of amendment go to some of these funerals--go to some of these funerals--and tell them we will protect the people who are profiteering. It is wrong. It is wrong. We ought to be protecting them.  