President, the thought occurred to me, even though we have not done much here in the last few days, the last few months, or so, we see a number of people come to the floor and say we have to have immediate votes on the handful of the remaining judicial nominations. They say there is a handful out there we have to have. Interestingly, they are ignoring that 173 judges have already been confirmed, ignoring the fact that when Democrats were in control of the Senate we moved President Bush's judges through a lot faster than Republicans have. But I suppose if they talk enough about it, people will not realize the Republicans have moved far slower on President Bush's nominees than the Democrats did. But there is another point.  What they are really saying is that we have to give $163,000 a year lifetime jobs to three of the most controversial judicial nominees submitted by President Bush. To hear them talk, one would think this is the number one priority on the part of the American people: is giving three judges--highly controversial, highly political, highly ideological--a lifetime job paying $150,000, $160,000, $170,000 a year.  Frankly, I think a lot more people are worried about the millions of Americans who have lost their jobs and the millions more who worry they are going to be the next victims of outsourcing. I think that is really what is on the mind of the American public, not three more highly paid lifetime judicial appointments. They are far more worried about the millions of Americans who are out of jobs, millions of Americans who are seeing their jobs go to India and everywhere else, and millions of American families where both mother and father bringing in paychecks are barely making the mortgage. They are not the ones getting the $160,000 a year lifetime jobs.  For the public and for the Democratic Members of the Senate, our higher priorities right now have to do with the millions of Americans who are trying to find or keep their jobs. Our higher priorities have to do with securing adequate health care for the members of our National Guard and Reserves. Our priorities have to do with getting decent health care for our veterans and our service men and women who have brought the injuries home from service in Afghanistan and Iraq.  To be charitable, these crocodile tears about judicial nominations are just a tad disingenuous. Let's review the record.  The earlier Democratic-led Senate confirmed more Bush judicial nominees than the Republican-led Senate has. We confirmed 100 of the 173 Bush judicial nominees. Democrats actually did better for the President than the Republicans have.  So 173 have been confirmed. Six of the most controversial have been blocked. Two of them have been unilaterally appointed by the President during Senate recesses. One has withdrawn to rejoin a lucrative job with a law firm. So three were blocked. I have never heard so many tears shed for these three. I don't see any tears shed for the millions of Americans out of work. I don't see any tears shed for the millions of Americans whose jobs are being outsourced, but one would think that, with these three, the whole Nation is collapsing.  The irony is the same people coming down here to the floor and crying about these three, sobbing about these three, did not say one word when they blocked 61 of President Clinton's nominees. They blocked 61, and you would think the sky is falling because we stopped three. Oh, give me a break.  Let's look at what they do not want to do. During the past two weeks, we have wasted so many hours in quorum calls and cloture votes to serve the Republican leadership's goal of avoiding votes on votes that will help American families. The Republican leadership is blocking a vote on raising the minimum wage. They are blocking a vote on extending unemployment benefits. They are blocking a vote on protecting people from the new overtime regulations of the Department of Labor. Why?  During these past two wasted weeks, 687,000 more Americans filed first-time claims for unemployment insurance, yet Republicans are only talking about three jobs. Give me a break. I suspect the reason they are talking about these three is because they do not want the American people to know they blocked unemployment benefits, they blocked raising minimum wage, they blocked protecting overtime compensation. These are the people who actually have to go out and pay their mortgages. These are the people who actually try to figure out how they are going to pay to send their children to school. These are the people who live from paycheck to paycheck.  I say they blocked the Senate from extending unemployment benefits. According to figures recently released by the Labor Department, the unemployment rate held steady at 5.6 percent because hundreds of thousands of people stopped looking for work. They could not find work. This has left too many unemployed Americans without benefits for months.  They call it an economic recovery. It is a jobless economic recovery if it is an economic recovery at all because millions of Americans still cannot find jobs. Our law gives them 26 weeks of unemployment benefits, and up until the last day of 2003, if you were still looking for a job, our law would offer a 13-week extension. We tried to make a 13-week extension. Can we do it? No. Do you know why? Because the Republican leadership will not even allow us to vote on it. Are they afraid that maybe some of their own Members might now be feeling more compassion for these millions of Americans who are out of work than they do for three lifetime appointments?  Which priorities are they serving? Apparently not most working Americans. They would not even allow a vote on the Cantwell amendment.  Then we tried to raise the minimum wage. Why now? The last minimum wage was signed into law by President Clinton almost eight years ago. While they are caterwauling about a $160,000 lifetime job for three nominees, do they really believe that families could meet their basic needs on a minimum wage of just $5.15 an hour? The people who are making $5.15 an hour are real Americans, and the Republicans will not even allow us to vote for the first time in eight years to raise the minimum wage. The purchasing power of today's minimum wage is already below that of the minimum wage before 1996. To save the same purchasing power as it had in 1968, the minimum wage would need to be $8. Even in Vermont, where our state leaders have helped working Vermonters earn wages that are somewhat more livable, the minimum wage is still worth less than it was 35 years ago.  More people are out of work, underemployed, and struggling to keep roofs over their family's heads and food on the table than at any time since the administration of Herbert Hoover. Today there are more economic pressures squeezing them, with health care costs becoming unaffordable and gasoline prices reaching the highest level in my age. Despite the millions of American families with children who would directly benefit from a raise in the Federal minimum wage, Senate Republicans blocked a vote on the Boxer-Kennedy amendment to the welfare bill that would raise the minimum wage to $7 an hour in three steps over a 2-year period.  The Republican leadership is also blocking the Senate from making sure hard-working Americans are fairly compensated for working overtime. The Bush administration will soon be releasing final regulations changing the Federal rules on overtime pay. They will cut eight million middle-class Americans out of the ability to earn overtime pay.  We give tens of thousands of dollars in tax breaks to the people who go to these large fundraisers, but we take away overtime for eight million Americans who are barely making it? In fact, the regulations are so slanted against American workers that they will include a list of cost-cutting suggestions for big businesses to show them precisely how they can avoid paying overtime compensation to workers not singled out in the rules.  Bipartisan majorities in both the Senate and in the other body oppose what the Bush administration wants to do in taking away overtime pay from eight million Americans, but this yearthe President threatened to veto the Omnibus appropriations bill if it included provisions to overturn the overtime regulations. After all, too many people who attend these large fundraisers have been told we will find a way for them to take those eight million workers off the overtime rolls. And unfortunately the Republican leadership in this and the other body said, yes, Mr. President, if you want to take those eight million off, we will go along with you, we will take them off.  Of course, we want to have another vote, a vote on the Harkin amendment, to express our disapproval of the labor regulations, either vote it up or down. After all, the Republicans are in the majority in this body. If they want to approve of the move of the administration of President Bush to deny overtime pay to eight million Americans, then they can vote and say they agree with it. We want a vote one way or the other, but they will not allow the vote. They are blocking that vote.  So I think we ought to talk about real people, people who live from paycheck to paycheck. We ought to talk about the votes that are being blocked to extend unemployment insurance, the votes that are being blocked to raise the minimum wage, the votes that are being blocked that might allow them to collect overtime pay for overtime work. One can imagine in the corporate boardroom they suddenly say, wait a minute, we could just have somebody work another 20 hours and we do not have to pay any overtime, we do not have to hire extra people, man, this is wonderful for us. And they can talk about it when they go out to the golf club.  We ought to ask, where are the priorities of the American people? Where are the Democratic priorities in the Senate? Where are the Republican priorities in the Senate? Should our top priority be right now to find good six-figure jobs for a handful of the President's most controversial activist judicial nominees, or should we give our time and attention to the millions of Americans living paycheck to paycheck who need help, the eight million Americans who are suddenly going to find they cannot earn overtime pay, and millions of Americans who have not had a raise in the minimum wage for eight years?  I think the priorities of the Democratic Members of the Senate are the people's priorities. Unfortunately, the priorities of my friends on the other side seem to be the priorities of the very privileged few.  I yield the floor, and suggest the absence of a quorum.  