President, I also support the nomination of Jane J. Boyle.  Mr. President, Ms. Boyle is currently the United States Attorney for this district. She comes to the Senate with extensive litigation and judicial experience. Before serving as the Northern District's U.S. Attorney, Ms. Boyle served for over a decade as a United States Magistrate and she served for years as a Federal and city prosecutor. I support Ms. Boyle's nomination.  With the three judicial confirmation votes today, the Senate will now have confirmed 20 judicial nominees this year alone. Only 17 judges were confirmed under Republican leadership in the entire 1996 session and no circuit court nominees were confirmed that entire time. That was the last year in which a President was seeking reelection. The Senate has now exceeded the number of total judges confirmed and the number of circuit court judges confirmed.  With these three confirmations today, the Senate will have confirmed a total of 89 judges this Congress and 189 of this President's judicial nominees overall. With 89 judicial confirmations in just a little more than 17 months, the Senate has confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during the two full years of 1995 and 1996, when Republicans first controlled the Senate and President Clinton was in the White House. It also exceeds the two-year total at the end of the Clinton administration, when Republicans held the Senate majority in 1999 and 2000. It is not quite as many as the 100 judges nominated by President Bush that a Democratic-led Senate confirmed in our 17 months in the majority in 2001 and 2002.  With 189 total confirmations for President Bush, the Senate has confirmed more lifetime appointees for this President than were allowed to be confirmed in the most recent four-year presidential term that of President Clinton from 1997 through 2000. It is more than a Republican majority confirmed in President Reagan's entire term from 1981 through 1984. Of course, President Reagan is recognized as the all-time champ in terms of judicial appointments having appointed more than any other President in our history.  I congratulate Ms. Boyle on her confirmation.  