President, this evening the Senate considers the nomination of Kenneth Karas to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York. For the past 11 years, Mr. Karas has served as an assistant United States attorney for the Southern District of New York. He received a favorable rating from the American Bar Association and he has the support of both Senators from his home State.  In sharp contrast to so many judicial nominees of this President, apparently selected for their political viewpoint, Mr. Karas appears to be a well-qualified, moderate nominee. He has advocated for civil rights and the rights of the indigent and has served the public as an assistant U.S. attorney for 11 years.  Mr. Karas's testimony and answers to my questions have made me confident that he will treat all who appear before him with respect. The nomination of Mr. Karas is an example of how effectively Democrats and Republicans can work together when we have qualified, moderate nominees.  Mr. Karas will be the ninth of President Bush's nominees confirmed to Federal court vacancies in New York, leaving only one vacancy on the Federal judiciary in the State. The nominee to that vacancy was favorably reported by the Judiciary Committee to the Senate 7 months ago. It has been the decision of the Republican leadership not to move the nomination of Judge Dora Irizarry, a Latina nominee. Democrats have been ready to vote on Judge Irizarry's nomination.  With 79 judicial confirmations in just the past year and a half, the Senate has confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during either Congress leading to a presidential election with a Democratic President and Republican Senate majority in 1996 and 2000.  This marks the 179th judicial confirmation since President Bush took office. That is more than President Reagan, the acknowledged all-time champion, achieved in his entire 4-year presidential term from 1981 through 1984 working hand in hand with a Republican Senate majority. It is more than President Clinton was able to achieve in his entire 4-year presidential term from 1993 through 1996, having to work with a Republican Senate majority during 1995 and 1996.  I congratulate Mr. Karas and his family on his confirmation today.  