 Mr. President, I agree with the distinguished chairman of the ArmedServices Committee. As he knows, I came from the funeral of a Guard member in Vermont, and I might say to my distinguished friend, the senior Senator from Virginia, the widow of this Guard member was very touched by a message the distinguished Senator from Virginia had expressed to her via me, and I appreciate that. It was his typical generosity of spirit to do so. It tells me in the war on terror, our Guard and Reserves are a 21st century fighting force, but they have a 20th century health insurance, and this partnership with Senator Graham of Florida, Senator Daschle, Senator Clinton, and others has been very good. I hope it will help.  For the past 2 years, we have worked to expand the availability of health insurance to members of the 800,000-person National Guard and Reserve. It is squarely and strongly in our national interest, as well as in the interests of our Guard and Reserve soldiers and their families, to ensure that this force is strong, that our citizen-soldiers are healthy, and that these proud men and women know that there is an extensive benefit network to reward them for their sacrifice.  Two years ago, a GAO study found that almost 20 percent of the reserves, more than 150,000 citizen-soldiers, do not have access to adequate health insurance when they are on drilling status. The bulk of the uninsured reside in the lower ranks, and the study reported that almost 40 percent of the enlisted force in uninsured. In other words, many of the men and women who are prepared to leave their full-time jobs and their families at a moment's notice have no assurance of having access to basic health insurance.  Our Guard and the Reserves are doing more for us than ever before, both at home and abroad. In fairness to them and their families, and in the interest of military readiness, these health care upgrades should be a high priority.  Last year, I was pleased to be part of a bipartisan coalition that worked and succeeded in enacting a strong program to allow members of the Guard and Reserve, who are unemployed or do not have access to health insurance through their employers, to be able to buy into the military's TRICARE program on a cost-share basis. This program guaranteed that every member of the Guard and Reserve would have insurance access from some source, whether from their employers or through the military.  It was surprising and disappointing to me that the administration opposed this program last year, going so far as to threaten a veto of the Defense bill. I am even more disappointed that the Department of Defense has still yet to put the TRICARE buy-in program for reservists in place. That sends a terrible signal to the members of the Guard and Reserve who comprise a substantial portion of our forces deployed abroad and who stand ready to face other national emergencies as they arise. We need to get this program going and to expand it even further, and without needless delay.  This amendment will open up the TRICARE cost-share program to every member of the National Guard and Reserve, providing an affordable source of insurance to every reservist. The amendment also allows the families of activated reservists to maintain their civilian health insurance, which will reduce some of the invariable turbulence from deployments.  This amendment mirrors almost exactly what passed out of the Senate 87 to 10 last year. Since then, the Guard and Reserve have been tapped even more heavily to carry out the military occupations in Iraq and Afghanistan.  I urge the Senate to vote in favor of this critical readiness initiative.  I yield the floor.  