President, today the Senate considers the nomination of Ricardo Martinez, to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Washington. For the past 6 years, he has been a widely respected United States Magistrate Judge for the Western District of Washington. Previously, Judge Martinez served as a Superior Court Judge and as an assistant prosecutor in King County, WA. He is a graduate of the University of Washington and of the University of Washington Law School, and has substantial trial experience. In light of his significant judicial experience it is not surprising that he received a unanimous rating of ``Well-Qualified'' from the American Bar Association.  Judge Martinez's nomination is the product of a bipartisan judicial nominating commission that Senators Murray and Cantwell insisted upon in spite of Bush administration opposition. The State of Washington is well-served by its bipartisan judicial nominating commission which recommends qualified, consensus nominees on whom members of both parties can agree. It is difficult to understand why President Bush has opposed similar bipartisan selections commissions since they help Democrats and Republicans work together and help maintain an independent judiciary. I thank Senators Murray and Cantwell for their steadfast efforts in maintaining the commission.  While some people have accused Democrats of being anti-Hispanic, our record of confirming Hispanic nominees is excellent. Democrats have supported the swift confirmation of President Bush's Latino nominees already, with four more waiting only for a vote on the Senate floor. While President Clinton nominated 11 Latino nominees to circuit court positions, five of those 11 were blocked by the Republican Senate, and four of those five were not even granted hearings. President Bush has only nominated four Latino jurists to circuit court positions, three of whom have already been confirmed with unanimous Democratic support. President Bush's 21 Latino nominees constitute less than 10 percent of his 225 judicial nominees.  Regrettably the President has been more concerned with nominating those affiliated with the Federalist Society. He has nominated 45 such nominees. Twice as many nominees have been affiliated with the Federalist Society as have been Hispanic. In fact, all of his Hispanic, Asian and African American judicial nominees combined do notequal the number of those affiliated with the Federalist Society.  This confirmation marks the 182nd lifetime judicial appointment approved by the Senate during this Presidential term. That is more than is all of President Reagan's term from 1981 through 1984 and more than in all of President Clinton's more recent term from 1997 through 2000. We have also approved more judicial nominees this Congress than in either of the last two Congresses preceding the Presidential elections in 1996 or 2000.  I strongly support his nomination and I congratulate Judge Martinez and his family on his confirmation.  