The bill passed the Senate unanimously last year, and passed the House of Representatives in slightly revised form earlier today, by voice vote.  I have enjoyed working on this bill with Senator DeWine, who has shown commitment and leadership on this issue. I am also pleased that Senators Cantwell, Domenici, Durbin, Grassley and Hatch have joined Senator DeWine and I as cosponsors of this bill. And I very much appreciate the support of House Judiciary Committee Chairman Sensenbrenner and Ranking Member Conyers, as well as Crime Subcommittee Chairman Howard Coble and Ranking Member Bobby Scott, and Congressman William Delahunt.  Human Rights Watch released a report last year discussing the fact ``that jails and prisons have become the Nation's default mental health system.'' The first recommendation in the report was for Congress to enact this bill. Tonight we will follow that recommendation and send this bill to the President.  All too often, people with mental illness rotate repeatedly between the criminal justice system and the streets of our communities, committing a serious of minor offenses. The ever scarcer time of our law enforcement officers is being occupied by these offenders, who divert them from more urgent responsibilities. Meanwhile, offenders find themselves in prisons or jails, where little or no appropriate medical care is available for them. This bill will give State and local governments the tools to break this cycle, for the good of law enforcement, corrections officers, the public safety, and mentally ill offenders themselves.  When I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I held a hearing on the criminal justice system and mentally ill offenders. At that hearing, we heard from State mental health officials, law enforcement officers, corrections officials, and the representative of counties around our Nation. All of our witnesses agreed that people with untreated mental illness are more likely to commit crimes, and that our state mental health systems, prisons and jails do not have the resources they need to treat the mentally ill, and prevent crime and recidivism. We know that more than 16 percent of adults incarcerated in U.S. jails and prisons have a mental illness, that about 20 percent of youth in the juvenile justice system have serious mental health problems, and that up to 40 percent of adults who suffer from a serious mental illness will come into contact with the American criminal justice system at some point in their lives. We know these things, but we have not done enough about them at the Federal level, and our State and local officials need our help.  The bill does not mandate a ``one size fits all'' approach to addressing this issue. Rather, it allows grantees to use the funding authorized under the bill for mental health courts or other court-based programs, for training for criminal justice and mental health system personnel, and for better mental health treatment in our communities and within the corrective system. Although the House did reduce the funding authorized by the bill from $100 million to $50 million, that amount will still be enough to make a real start at addressing this problem. This is an area where government spending can not only do good but can also save money in the long run--a dollar spent today to get mentally ill offenders effective medical care can save many dollars in law enforcement costs in the long run.  This bill has brought law enforcement officers and mental health professionals together, as we have seen at both of the hearings the Judiciary Committee held on this issue. I hope that it will provide much-needed support to our communities and make a difference for both law enforcement officers and the mentally ill.  