Judge Stengel has served for more than 13 years as a Judge on the Lancaster County Court of Common Pleas, where he has presided over hundreds of civil and criminal cases. In light of his significant judicial experience, it is not surprising that a substantial majority of the American Bar Association found him ``Well-Qualified'' for a lifetime position on the Federal court.  A look at the Federal judiciary in Pennsylvania demonstrates yet again that President Bush's nominees have been treated far better than President Clinton's and shows dramatically how Democrats have worked in a bipartisan way to fill vacancies, despite the fact that Republicans blocked more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees. With today's confirmation, 18 of President Bush's nominees to the Federal courts in Pennsylvania will have been confirmed, more than for any other State.  With this confirmation, President Bush's nominees will make up 18 of the 43 active Federal circuit and district court judges for Pennsylvania--that is more than 40 percent of the Pennsylvania Federal bench. On the Pennsylvania district courts alone, President Bush's influence is even stronger, as his nominees will hold 15 of the 34 active seats--or more than 44 percent of the current active seats. With the additional Pennsylvania district court nominees pending on the floor and likely to be confirmed soon, nearly half of the district court seats in Pennsylvania will be held by President Bush's appointees. Republican appointees will outnumber Democratic appointees by nearly two to one.  This is in sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate when President Clinton was in the White House. Although Republicans now decry Democratic filibusters of a mere handful of the most extreme nominees, Republicans denied votes to 10 judicial nominees, 9 district and 1 circuit court nominees of President Clinton in Pennsylvania alone. Despite the efforts and diligence of the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to secure the confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home State, there were 10 nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies who never got a vote. Despite how well-qualified these nominees were, many of their nominations sat pending before the Senate for more than a year without being considered. Such obstruction provided President Bush with a significant opportunity to reshape the Federal bench and the law.  News articles in Pennsylvania have highlighted the way that President Bush has been able to reshape the Federal bench in Pennsylvania. For example, The Philadelphia Inquirer noted that the significant number of vacancies on the Pennsylvania courts ``present Republicans with an opportunity to shape the judicial makeup of the court for years to come.'' Despite this, I do hope Judge Stengel will be fair to all who come before him.  Madam President, I yield back my time and ask for the yeas and nays.  