President, I would like to focus the attention of the Senate on the recent devastation to many nations in the Caribbean as a result of a half a dozen hurricanes and tropical storms in the autumn of this year, 2004.  More than a thousand people have perished; many are still missing. Thousands of families are homeless and jobless. Non-governmental organizations such as the International Red Cross, the United Nations, and religious organizations, rushed to the scene with relief aid and volunteers to help the survivors. The United States Government has sent U.S. AID teams to assess the damage. Early estimates reveal hundreds of millions of dollars of physical damage to homes and businesses. On the Island of Grenada industries have been completely wiped out. There are riots in the streets of cities in Haiti where stockpiles of nonperishable food and potable water are diminishing fast.  In April, 2001 President Bush instituted the ``Third Border Initiative'' that anticipated a quick response by our government that would, in his words, ``. . . fund disaster preparedness and mitigation efforts to shield critical commercial and environmental infrastructure from natural disasters, such as hurricanes.'' This is important because it signals a focus not only on emergency assistance, but on trying to reduce the amount of damage caused by future hurricanes. In other words, the President was also signaling a welcome focus on rebuilding homes and businesses in a manner that is resistant to potential damage by hurricanes. These types of buildings would also reduce the dreadful death toll of future hurricanes.  We have an opportunity to aid our friends and partners in the Caribbean. The administration has attached a $50 million request for the Caribbean to a larger package of help for Florida and other States in the South hit by the rolling series of storms this summer and fall. Our colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives have requested an additional $50 million, so the total is $100 million for the Caribbean. Secretary Colin Powell recently visited Grenada and stated that the first aid will come in phases, starting with an emergency shipment of food, medicine, construction materials and other supplies, about a quarter of which will go to Grenada.  It is at this time that we have an opportunity to thoughtfully help the region. As Secretary Powell said, ``. . . that help was needed not simply to repair homes and schools, but also to restore the economic infrastructure of the country.'' He went on to say that, ``experts had begun discussing `creative suggestions' for how Grenada could diversify its agricultural output. . . .'' I agree with Secretary Powell that the time has come to try to better spend our assistance dollars. As is the case with weather disasters, economic disasters also ruin the hopes of families. As long as we are helping in the rebuilding efforts, we should try to make more permanent improvements in infrastructure.  The region needs many ``creative suggestions'' for its redevelopment. At the University of Vermont, the students and faculty have made many suggestions, from agriculture and food processing to sustainable permanent modular housing solutions utilizing recycled materials. One appropriate solution has been devised by world acclaimed architect Adam Kalkin. It is the Quikbuild Modular System. An example of this unique, sustainable housing solution is on display in the permanent collection of the Shelburne Museum, in Shelburne, Vermont.  This type of dwelling utilizes recycled cargo containers, many of which are being shipped down to the region with a full load; they will remain there empty without the cargo to fill them; and with no place to ship them. Each is an ecological disaster waiting to happen. They also present a great opportunity if we take advantage of using them.  Recycled containers may be converted into durable, sustainable, water-tight, hurricane-proof dwellings that can be used as permanent housing as well as field kitchens, medical triage units, schools, dormitories, as well as structures for commercial businesses and meeting places. Ten percent of the funds we provide should be for these more permanent housing solutions. It is imperative that the community planners consider mid-range and long-term solutions today as they manage the ``first response'' mission. We have seen in many regions around the globe that well-intentioned temporary and transitional housing ultimately becomes permanent housing. Priorities shift, money runs out and a new disaster knocks the old disaster off the front page. The inherent nature of shanty towns, full of permanent refugees, takes away the dignity and hope of their inhabitants.  I have received pleas from the family members residing in the United States to help their loved ones. I have received a strong request from the Ambassador of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, Ambassador Marina Valere, on behalf of the affected nations imploring us to also think about permanent housing solutions, that also respects their unique and fragile ecosystem. This request made clear that some portion of the aid package should be set aside for this purpose. Our friends in the Caribbean need permanent, safe, secure dwellings otherwise this crisis will repeat itself, year after year.  In addition to urgent emergency aid, America should help the survivors in the Caribbean to rebuild their communities with permanent housing solutions as well as rebuild their respective economies. Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, with reservations I support passage of the conference report to the fiscal year 2005 Military Construction Appropriations Act. This bill provides $10 billion in funding for important military construction activities including base housing as well as the construction and maintenance of base infrastructure.  When we passed the Senate version of this legislation, I declared that this appropriations bill was a good example of how the legislative process is expected to work, wherein the work of the authorizers is fully taken into account by the appropriators. The legislation was relatively free of earmarks and riders that were not related to Military Construction. However, during the conference, a legislative rider that has no business in an appropriations bill found its way into the conference report.  I am referring to the section of the conference report that authorizes a $18 billion loan guarantee program for the construction of an Alaska natural gas pipeline. This authorizing provision is found in neither the House nor the Senate version of this legislation, yet with characteristically little attention, it has found its way into the conference report. Once again, it pays to have powerful members of the Appropriations Committee representing your State or district.  Congress has a legislative process that has two separate tracks for authorization and appropriation. Mergingthese tracks and eliminating the essential discourse and deliberation necessary to establish sound public policy is not in the Federal taxpayers interest. Nevertheless, here we are again, faced with the necessity of approving appropriations for military construction with an enormous pork program attached at the last minute. All the more problematic is that this same piece of legislative text was included in the failed energy bill. The Senate rejected this provision then, but we are unable to do it again, as it was snuck into a conference report on a totally unrelated bill. It is a clear violation of the legislative process, specifically Rule 28, and it's simply wrong.  My objections to the Alaska pipeline provision are not only procedural. Many of my colleagues may not be aware that what they are approving here is an economic cushion for three extremely wealthy corporations. Undoubtedly, these three corporations have the financial resources to proceed with this project without taxpayers' dollars, but once again, we will manage to provide generous financial incentives to corporate interests with public funds. These selective subsidies are clearly inequitable and contrary to the interests of the rest of American taxpayers.  The sponsor of this provision may maintain that the American public will benefit from the natural gas supply that may flow through this pipeline years from now. Undoubtedly, if the supply is there, the consumers will be, too. And that is my point. This is an economic venture that will yield significant profits for those companies involved. It is my understanding that as a result of the financial promise of this venture that there are other companies that would very much like to be involved. What this provision does is to codify the terms set by these three corporations to provide an even sweeter opportunity with $18 billion in federally backed loan guarantees.  These loan guarantees are the thick rich icing on the tax break cake included in the FSC-ETI conference report, which also passed today. Tax breaks totaling $445 million are provided for pipeline construction and gas processing, again directed to the same corporations, which together have shown after-tax profits of $95 billion since 2001. I am certain that American taxpayers do not appreciate paying twice for their expensive energy supplies. Once at the pump and for their home heating bills, and then again for tax subsidies to profitable energy subsidies.  Also contained in this legislation is funding for drought assistance. I sympathize with the proponents of this agricultural disaster assistance and I do not question that drought and abrupt changes in climate are having a severe impact on the crops grown in the states covered in this conference report. While I do agree that prolonged drought and other natural disasters are having devastating effects on many Americans and sectors of our economy, crop assistance does not belong on Military Construction funding legislation.  When the Senate considers legislation to address drought-induced and other climate damages, shouldn't all affected states receive assistance? How are we to say that one group of people or sector of our economy deserves financial assistance over another? According to the Congressional Research Service, Congress provided about $3 billion in assistance for crop and livestock losses in 2001 and 2002. Coupled with all the other billions in agricultural subsidies, American taxpayers could conclude that Congress has determined, without clear deliberation, that this is the priority need.  There are many States, including Arizona, that are facing terrible drought-induced problems and do not receive assistance in this conference report. Destructive wildfires have spread through the Western United States because of the dry conditions there, causing billions of dollars in property and resource damage. Drought-induced insect infestations have increased wildfire risks to our communities and natural resources. Water levels in reservoirs in our parched states have dropped dramatically, reducing water supplies, causing millions of dollars in losses to the recreation and tourism industries and reducing hydropower generation. In some areas, the lack of precipitation and water supply recharge, has resulted in wells running dry. I can't think of a more disastrous situation than that. However, the people who fall into these categories are not covered by the drought assistance provisions.  I have found this report contains 62 earmarks totaling $98.7 million. I am also troubled by a provision in the explanatory statement that accompanies this conference report. According to the explanatory statement, ``The language and allocations set forth in House Report 108-607 and Senate Report 108-309 should be complied with unless specifically addressed to the contrary in the conference report and statement of the managers.'' This has the composite effect of essentially doubling the number of earmarks in the Military Construction Appropriations Act. As legislators we are often forced to make difficult budgetary decisions. However, in the instance of this conference report, the most difficult decisions were avoided. With looming budget deficits, it is as important as ever to practice fiscal responsibility and avoid the practice of earmarks.  The above statement ensures all $44.7 million in earmarks added by the Senate as well as the $38.5 million in earmarks contained in the House version of this legislation. As I stated when we considered that legislation, nearly all of these earmarks are funded under the minor construction account. Normally, this account is intended to be used for urgent and unforeseen requirements and therefore neither the President's budget nor the authorizing committees identify specific projects to be funded. Once the Services decide to spend the money, the authorizing and appropriations committees must approve or disapprove of the minor construction project to which the Services plan to fund. By earmarking the funds in the minor construction account, the appropriators have usurped the authority of the authorizing committee to approve or reject these projects. I can only hope that next year, when the appropriators stray from this practice.  With the passage of the conference report to the fiscal year 2005 Defense Authorization Act, the legislative branch has once again affirmed its support for the important round of base closure and realignment that will occur next year. With this being an election year and Member's parochial concerns being as strong as ever, I am encouraged to see that my colleagues have resisted the temptation to add pork to bases in their states in what would be a misguided effort to save their bases from base closure. Such efforts would be a waste of taxpayer money, and would not prevent their base from being closed.  I commend the chairman of the Military Construction Subcommittee, Senator Hutchison, and the ranking member, Senator Feinstein, for their hard work on this bill and their continued support for our military. Their attention and commitment to only supporting high priority projects for the Navy, Marine Corps, Army, and Air Force is once again exemplary and provide for a sound measure to fund military construction in the coming fiscal year. I only wish they were able to hold to the Senate version of this legislation and were able to keep extraneous non-military construction provisions out of this conference report.  