President. I began this day calling for bipartisanship and civility in this Chamber. It seems that call has fallen on deaf ears with Republicans renewing their baseless charges that Democrats are anti-Catholic. Some Republicans keep recycling these reckless charges even though they are false. They do so in order to play wedge politics, the type of dirty politics preferred by the President's strategist Karl Rove. I have called on the White House to disavow these charges of religious bigotry. After all, President Bush ran for office claiming that he would change the tone in Washington and ``be a uniter, not a divider.'' His repeated actions to the contrary speak louder than his words. I have called on the Republican administration to disavow these anti-Catholic claims. Everyone knows that the President's father's counsel is pushing these false and partisan charges against Democrats. The White House has not stopped these charges. Its allies continue to throw this mud. It is beneath the dignity of this body.  Anyone who reviewed the public submissions of the 197 judicial nominees of President Bush we have confirmed would see that many of these nominees have been active volunteers in their communities, including their parishes and other faith-based organizations. For example, the judges we have confirmed have been active members of their Diocesan Parish Council, the Friends of Cardinal Munich Seminary, the Altar and Rosary Society, the Knights of Columbus, the Archdiocese Catholic Foundation, Catholic Charities, the Archbishop's Community Relief Fund, the Catholic Metropolitan School Board, Serra Club, their Parish and Pastoral Councils, the Homebound Eucharistic Ministers Program, the St. Thomas More Catholic Lawyers Association, the John Carroll Society, the Guild of Catholic Lawyers, the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights, and the U.S. Catholic Conference, among other organizations. How dare Republicans come to this floor and claim that Democrats oppose Catholics or others active in their church when the public records of the 197 nominees confirmed absolutely refute these false and hurtful claims.  I stand against the religious McCarthyism being used by some Republicans to smear Senators who dare to vote against this President's most extreme nominees for lifetime positions on the federal courts. We should come together to condemn their injection of religious smears into the judicial nomination process. Partisan political groups have used religious intolerance and bigotry to raise money and to punish and broadcast dishonest ads that falsely accuse Democratic Senators of being anti-Catholic. I cannot think of anything in my 29 years in the Senate that has angered me or upset me so much as this. Earlier this session I recall emerging from mass to learn that one of these advocates had been on C-SPAN at the same time that morning to brand me an anti-Christian bigot.  As an American of Irish and Italian heritage, I remember my parents talking about days I thought were long past, when Irish Catholics were greeted with signs that told them they did not need apply for jobs. Italians were told that Americans did not want them or their religious ways. This is what my parents saw, and a time that they lived to see as long passed. And my parents, rest their souls, though this time was long past, because it was a horrible part of U.S. history, and it mocks the pain--the smears we see today mock the pain and injustice of what so many American Catholics went through at that time. These partisan hate groups rekindle that divisiveness by digging up past intolerances and breathing life into that shameful history, and they do it for short-term political gains. To raise the specter of religious intolerance in order to try to turn our independent federal courts into an arm of the Republican party is an outrage. They want to subvert the very constitutional process designed to protect all Americans from prejudice and injustice. It is shocking that they would cavalierly destroy the independence of our federal courts.  It is sad, and it is an affront to the Senate as well as to so many, when we see senators sit silent when they are invited to disavow these abuses. Where are the fair-mined Republican Senators? Where are the voices of reason of moderate Members of this body? Do they agree with this wedge campaign by the more extreme elements in the Republican party to cause further divide in our nation along religious lines? What has silenced these Senators who otherwise have taken moderate and independent stands in the past? Are they so afraid of the White House that they would allow this religious McCarthyism to take place? Why are they allowing this to go on? The demagoguery, divisive and partisan politics being so cynically used by supporters of the President's most extreme judicial nominees needs to stop.  These smears are lies, and like all lies they depend on the silence of others to live, and to gain root. It is time for the silence to end. The administration has to accept responsibility for the smear campaign; the process starts with the President. We would not see this stark divisiveness if the President would seek to unite, instead of to divide, the American people and the Senate with his choices for the Federal courts.  And those senators who actively join in this kind of a religion smear; they may do it to chill debate on whether Mr. Holmes can be a fair and impartial judge, but they do far more. They hurt the whole country. They hurt Christians and non-Christians. They hurt believers and non-believers. They hurt all of us, because the Constitution requires judges to apply the law, not their political views, and instead they try to subvert the Constitution. And remember, all of us, no matter what our faith--and I am proud of mine--no matter what our faith, we are able to practice it, or none if we want, because of the Constitution. All of us ought to understand that the Constitution is there to protect us, and it is the protection of the Constitution that has seen this country evolve into a tolerant country. And those who would try to put it back, for short-term political gains, subvert the Constitution, and they damage the country.  These baseless and outrageous claims harken back to dark days in our nation's history. I was just a young man growing up in Montpelier, VT when Senator Joseph McCarthy rose to power and ignomy as one of our country's worst demagogues through his spectacular brand of the politics of destruction. Senator McCarthy first claimed to a Republican Party club in West Virginia that he had a list of 205 known communists in the State Department. The next day, in Salt Lake City, he claimed he had a list of 57 ``card-carrying communists'' at the State Department. At other times he claimed there were 81. You see, the facts do not really matter to McCarthyists--so long as the claim is spectacular and causes voters alarm.  I think many Americans believed because they could not imagine why someone would make such false allegations and smear the reputations of innocent people. That is the advantage of the demagogue, but we must be ever vigilant that such a lie does not become the truth through the alchemy of repetition.  Shortly afterward his remarks in Utah, Senator McCarthy came to the floor of the Senate, this floor, and asserted that he had dossiers on federalemployees who were un-American, changing descriptions as he read them. For example where one person was described as ``liberal'' on paper, Senator McCarthy substituted the infammatory ``communistically inclined.'' That year, in 1950, a Senate Committee investigating Senator McCarthy's charges issued a report, known as the Tydings Committee Report after Maryland Senator Millard Tydings who chaired the subcommittee looking into the lies that were being spread. A critical piece of that report from 1950 has relevance today, more than 50 years later so I would like to quote a paragraph in full:       At a time when American blood is again being shed to      preserve our dream of freedom, we are constrained fearlessly      and frankly to call the charges, and the methods employed to      give them ostensible validity, what they truly are: A fraud      and a hoax perpetrated on the Senate of the United States and      the American people. They represent perhaps the most      nefarious campaign of half-truths and untruth in the history      of the Republic. For the first time in our history, we have      seen the totalitarian technique of the ``big lie'' employed      on a sustained basis. The result has been to confuse and      divide the American people at a time when they should be      strong in their unity, to a degree far beyond the hopes of      the Communists whose stock in trade is confusion and      division. In such a disillusioning setting, we appreciate as      never before our Bill of Rights, a free press, and the      heritage of freedom that has made this Nation great.  This quote is from the Report of the Committee on Foreign Relations pursuant to S. Res. 231, a resolution to investigate whether there are employees in the State Department disloyal to the United States, dated July 20, 1950.  The Tydings Report also noted that ``few people, cognizant of the truth in even an elementary way, have, in the absence of political partisanship, placed any credence in the hit-and-run tactics of Senator McCarthy.'' Similarly, the Report sagely observed that ``the oft-repeated and natural reaction of many good people . . . goes something like this--`Well there must be something to the charges, or a United States Senator would never have made them!' The simple truth now is apparent that a conclusion based on this premise, while normally true, is here erroneous. . . .'' Unfortunately, we face a similar situation today.  It was not until 1954 that Senator McCarthy's deceitful campaign earned the censure of the full Senate for conduct unbecoming a Member of the Senate. I do remember that year when one of the greatest Senators of Vermont, Ralph Flanders, stood up on this floor, even though he was a Republican, sort of the quintessential Republican and condemned the tactics of Joe McCarthy on several occasions.  For example, on June 1, 1954, Senator Flanders renewed his deep concerns about the allegations of Senator McCarthy and made some observations that are particularly relevant, unfortunately, to the recnt religious smear of Republicans in 2003. He noted how Senator McCarthy's political agenda involved sowing division and fear among people of different faiths--Jews, Protestants, and Catholics. After instilling fear in Jewish Americans, McCarthyists ``charged the Protestant ministry with being, in effect, the center of Communist influence in this country.'' As Senator Flanders observed, ``the ghost of religious intolerance was not laid'' by the departure of a few close allies of Senator McCarthy who had been rebuked for attacking a majority faith in this country. As Senator Flanders noted, ``Clearer and clearer evidence of the danger of setting church against church, Catholic against Protestant. . . . [Senator McCarthy's] success in dividing his country and his church'' was paralleled only by his divisiveness to the Republican party.  Later that summer, Senator Flanders offered resolution of censure condemning the conduct of Senator McCarthy, who had smeared so many innocent people with his false claims and treated some of his colleagues in this body with contempt in his zeal. He noted Senator McCarthy's penchant for breaking rules, ``The Senator [McCarthy] can break rules faster than we can make them.'' When the Senate considered the matter, it censured Senator McCarthy, and rightly so.  History properly condemns him and his cohorts, even though it has become fashionable for right-wing extremists such as Ann Coulter to attempt to rewrite history and call him a brave hero who saved America. The fact is that our Nation and Constitution are lucky to have survived his divisive, destructive and manipulative tactics which were then and remain, the words of Senator Flanders, a blot on the reputation of the Senate. He was a ruthless political opportunist who exploited his position of power in the Senate to smear hundreds of innocent people and win headlines and followers with his false assertions and innuendo, without regard to facts, evidence, rules and human decency.  Senator Flanders of Vermont stood up and fearlessly condemned what Joseph McCarthy was doing. And it stopped. I hope some will stand up and condemn these McCarthyist charges of anti-Catholic bigotry leveled at Catholics and others who are members of he Senate Judiciary Committee and Members of this Senate.  The reality is that not one of the Democratic Senators in Committee who voted against Mr. Holmes did so because he is Catholic. Half of the Democratic Members of the Judiciary Committee are Catholic. We would not vote for him or vote against him because of his religious affiliation. What we cared about was Mr. Holmes long history of statements that he himself admits have been inflammatory and unfortunate. Among the many concerns are his statements that the Constitution, our Constitution, is not meant for people of different views. His intolerance of the views of others is manifest in numerous statements he has made. His insensitivity to rights of others is also apparent, no matter how polite a person he may be.  His statements against efforts to implement the Supreme Court's decision in Brown v. Board of Education, his opposition to Federal law intended to restore basic civil rights rules that had been modified by conservative activist judges, his denigration of political rights for African Americans, his active work to limit people exercising their right to vote or to have their vote counted, and his screeds against women's rights are just too much to overlook. The President has marked the anniversary of the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964 with public speeches while below the radar screen he has put forward nominee after nominee with records of hostility toward civil rights, toward women's rights, toward environmental protections, and toward human rights. This President knows what he is looking for in the legacy he wants to leave with the lifetime appointees he has put forward. He has nominated more people active in the Federalist Society, such as Leon Holmes, than African Americans, Latinos or Asians combined. He is more committed to ideological purity than to diversity or full enforcement of civil rights.  President Bush has claimed that he wants judges who will interpret the law and not make the law, but in the aftermath of the administration's re-interpretation of the laws against torture that assurance is meaningless. Just look at the torture memo written by Jay Bybee, who was confirmed for a lifetime seat on the Ninth Circuit after stonewalling the Senate on his legal work and views. It is not fair to the American people that this President's judicial nominees be given the benefit of the doubt. Here, in Leon Holmes, we have a nominee whose views are well known. There is little doubt what kind of activist judge he was chosen to be and will be if confirmed.  Senator Hatch has claimed that asking about whether a nominee will follow Supreme Court precedent on privacy and choice is out of bounds because in his view ``the great majority of people who are pro-life come to their positions as a result of their religious convictions. We hold this view as a religious tenet, and this is part and parcel of who we are.'' Under Senator Hatch's view that it is improper to ask judicial nominees about their view of legal issues that may also relate somehow to a religious position. I ask, however, would it be wrong for the Senate to ask a nominee for a lifetime position for their views on racial discrimination? Of course that would be absurd and an abdication of our responsibility to serve as a check on the nominees put forward by this or any President. As Senator Durbin has mentioned based on the tragic shootings instigated by the racist World Church of theCreator in Illinois, it would be irresponsible for the Senate in its advice-and-consent role to ignore, for example, questions of racial discrimination if those views can be cloaked in religious garb.  The Senate has considered the views of nominees since the beginning of our Nation, when Justice John Rutledge's nomination to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court was rejected for a speech he gave expressing his views on a treaty. To assert suddenly that although President Bush and his advisors can consider a judicial candidate's views, such as on race or choice, the Senate is forbidden from doing so is a terrible manipulation of the process. The Constitution gives the Senate an equal role in the decision about who serves on the Federal courts, not a lesser rule and certainly not that of a rubber stamp. With these religious assertions, Republicans may think that they have found a loophole to avoid public questions to and answers by their hand-picked judicial nominees about their views that both Democrats and Republicans actually consider to be significant areas of law. Support for protecting racial discrimination should be allowed no loophole from scrutiny. A nominee's beliefs and views about constitutional rights should not be hidden from public view until after a nominee is confirmed to a lifetime seat on the bench.  The truth is that Mr. Holmes' affiliation with the Catholic Church neither disqualifies him nor qualifies him for the Federal bench. And this is how it should be, how it must be, under our Constitution. Mr. Holmes' record is what causes grave concerns. He has been active and outspoken with rigid and radical views about the meaning of the Constitution, the role of the Federal Government, equality rights and other liberties.  Republicans have falsely claimed that Democrats have an anti-Catholic bias because we oppose the nomination of Leon Holmes for a lifetime job as a Federal judge. The opposition to Mr. Holmes is not based on his religious affiliation. No matter his faith, Mr. Holmes' record does not demonstrate that he will be fair to all people on most legal issues that affect the rights of all Americans. Mr. Holmes' religious affiliation is irrelevant to these serious matters of concern about whether he would be a fair judge. He has no meaningful judicial experience that would demonstrate his ability to set aside his views and apply the law fairly. To suggest otherwise is low and base.  It is also untrue to claim that Democrats have a pro-choice litmus test. Many of the 197 judicial nominees of President Bush have been active in pro-life issues or organizations according to the public record, and most have been confirmed unanimously, such as Ron Clark, a pro-life former Texas State legislator, Ralph Erickson, who was active in pro-life groups in North Dakota, Kurt Englehardt, a former pro-life leader in Louisiana, and Joe Heaton, a pro-life former Oklahoma legislator. The public record shows that it is obviously false to claim that Democrats have employed a pro-choice or anti-Catholic litmus test in voting on judicial nominees.  Why anyone would tell such lies, claiming that Democrats are anti-Catholic or anti-pro-life, and sow such seeds of division and hate. Why, as Senator Tydings asked in regard to McCarthy, why would anyone on the floor of the Senate or in a committee or in a hallway press conference in the Capitol or anywhere make such charges if there were not something to them? Conservative columnist Byron York noted that Republicans are working closely with some organizations to press the debate: `` `The issue is playing very well in the Catholic press and in Catholic e-mail alerts,' the [unnamed] Republican says. `You tap into an entire community that has its own press, its own e-mail systems, and that has been tenderized by anti-Catholicism, which they consider to be the last permissible bias in America.' '' This religious McCarthyism of Republican partisans is bad for the Senate. It is bad for the courts. And it is bad for the country.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask that the time be divided equally.  