President, I note by this vote that 20 of the 44 active Federal circuit court district judges from Pennsylvania will be made up of nominees of President Bush. I mention this because some think that somehow he has not been able to get a lot of nominations through. This is a sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate when President Clinton was in the White House. Republicans denied votes to nine districts and one circuit court nominee of President Clinton in Pennsylvania. That was notwithstanding the very honest due diligence of the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, who tried to get them confirmed. Others in his party blocked a vote. I do not want to see that happen again in Pennsylvania.  Today the Senate considers the nomination of Juan Ramon Sanchez to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. I am glad that the Republican majority has finally decided to proceed to this well-qualified Hispanic nominee, since they departed from the order of the Executive Calendar last week and did not schedule a confirmation vote for Mr. Sanchez, despite the fact that he would have received unanimous Democrat support.  Judge Sanchez has served as a judge on the Court of Common Pleas in Chester County, PA since 1998. Prior to that, he worked for Legal Aid of Chester County, in private practice, and as a senior trial attorney with the Chester County Public Defender's Office. Judge Sanchez has devoted a substantial amount of time to pro bono work in his community and, in particular, to assisting Latino individuals and groupsin various legal matters, including housing, employment, and immigration. He has also served on the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's Committee on Racial and Gender Bias in the Justice System and the Racial Ethnic Bias Implementation Committee of the Judicial Council.  While some people have accused Democrats of being anti-Hispanic, our record of confirming Hispanic nominees is excellent. Judge Sanchez is the 18th Latino confirmed to the Federal courts in the past three years. With the exception of Mr. Estrada, who failed to answer many questions and provide the Senate with his writings and views, we have pressed forward to confirm all of the other Latinos whose nominations have been reported to the floor. Democrats have supported the swift confirmation of 18 of President Bush's 22 Latino nominees.  While President Clinton nominated 11 Latino nominees to Circuit Court positions, three of those 11 were blocked by the Republican Senate and never given a vote. President Bush has only nominated four Latino nominees to Circuit Court positions, three of whom have been confirmed with Democratic support. President Bush's 22 Latino nominees constitute less than 10 percent of his nominees, even though Latinos make up a larger percentage of the U.S. population.  It is revealing that this President has nominated more people associated with the Federalist Society than Hispanics, African Americans and Asian Americans, combined. While President Clinton cared deeply about diversity on the Federal bench, this President is more interested in narrow and slanted judicial ideology. Forty-five of President Bush's nominees to the Federal courts have been actively involved, either as members or speakers, in the Federalist Society.  The Federalist Society is sometimes mischaracterized as a mere debating society, but according to its own statement of purpose, it is a group with a point of view: ``The Federalist Society for Law and Public Policy Studies is a group of conservatives and libertarians interested in the current state of the legal order.'' One of the goals of the Federalist Society is the ``reordering of priorities within the legal system.''  The administration wants to have it both ways. They want to take credit with the Federalist Society and hard-right conservatives when they nominate ideological nominees, but they want to pretend that ideology does not matter. If ideology does not matter to the President, why has he nominated more members of the Federalist Society than he has members of minority groups? The President has shown that he is steadfastly committed to packing the courts with individuals who will shape the bench according to his ideological goals rather than creating courts that are fair, balanced, independent, and reflective of the diversity within our country.  A look at the Federal judiciary in Pennsylvania demonstrates yet again that President Bush's nominees have been treated far better than President Clinton's and shows dramatically how Democrats have worked in a bipartisan way to fill vacancies, despite the fact that Republicans blocked more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees. With this confirmation, 20 of President Bush's nominees to the Federal courts in Pennsylvania will have been confirmed, more than for any other state.  With this confirmation, President Bush's nominees will make up 20 of the 44 active Federal circuit and district court judges for Pennsylvania--that is more than 40 percent of the Pennsylvania Federal bench. On the Pennsylvania district courts alone, President Bush's influence is even stronger, as his nominees will now hold 17 of the 36 active seats. In other words, nearly half of the district court seats in Pennsylvania will be held by President Bush's appointees. Republican appointees will outnumber Democratic appointees by nearly two to one.  This is in sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate when President Clinton was in the White House. Republicans denied votes to nine district and one circuit court nominees of President Clinton in Pennsylvania alone. Despite the efforts and diligence of the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, to secure the confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home state there were 10 nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies who never got a vote. Despite records that showed these to be well-qualified nominees, many of their nominations sat pending before the Senate for more than a year without being considered. Such obstruction provided President Bush with a significant opportunity to shape the bench according to his partisan and ideological goals.  New articles in Pennsylvania have highlighted the way that President Bush has been able to reshape the Federal bench in Pennsylvania. For example, The Philadelphia Inquirer, observed that the significant number of vacancies on the Pennsylvania courts ``present Republicans with an opportunity to shape the judicial makeup of the court for years to come.''  Like other nominees of President Bush, Judge Sanchez has been very involved in the Republican party. He has assured me that he will be fair to all those who come before him. I hope that he will follow the law and treat all who appear before him fairly regardless of their ideology or party affiliation.  I congratulate Mr. Sanchez and his family today on his confirmation.  