President, I have listened to some of the debate in the last 30 or 40 minutes, and it is sort of like a tempest in a teapot--a great deal of shouting and carrying on, but not really hitting the central point.  I spent years as a prosecutor. It was one of the best jobs I ever had. I had the great opportunity to try a lot of cases. I was in the courtroom several days every week in Burlington, VT. We had a saying there, as we do in many States, that if you have the facts on your side, you pound the facts. If you have the law on your side, you pound the law. Of course, if you have neither on your side, you pound the table. We have heard a lot of table pounding tonight.  The fact is that every American, Republican or Democrat, knows that some terrible things happened at Abu Ghraib prison. Some apparently happened in Afghanistan and some in Guantanamo. These are acts that are beneath a great and wonderful country such as the United States, a country blessed with a Constitution and laws and values that serve as a shining beacon for much of the rest of the world.  This did not happen here, and it is not answered by going out and cashiering a couple of corporals or a couple of privates and saying: There, look what we have done.  We all know that the 140,000 American men and women serving in Iraq and in Afghanistan and Guantanamo are obeying the laws, and upholding the best ideals of the United States. And many of our soldiers have been told they are going to serve much longer than their Government originally told them they would have to.  There are some, however, who did the same wrong things in Iraq as they did in Afghanistan and as they did in Guantanamo. Who gave them the green light? Don't tell me it is just a handful of bad actors. If so, those few bad actors must have a wonderful frequent flyer program to be able to show up in Abu Ghraib one day, Afghanistan the next, and Guantanamo the next. Somewhere there was some core permission given. It went to those who were willing to follow a wrong order.  My colleagues can table my amendment, but it will aid the coverup of what has become an international prisoner abuse scandal. If this amendment is tabled, as it may be, it says that the Republican Senators have decided to join the Republican administration in circling the wagons of the unfolding prisoner abuse scandal.  The American public--Republicans, Democrats, and Independents--are sick and tired of being lied to. They are sick of the secrecy. They are demanding answers all over this Nation, but the wagons continue to circle.  My amendment would require the administration to cooperate with a thorough congressional investigation into the abuse of prisoners in U.S. custody by releasing all documents relevant to the scandal. We call for the release of all relevant documents, not a tiny subset of documents selected by the administration when the political heat was on.  The question for us as Senators is, Are we content to see the Senate serve as an arm of the executive branch, or are there some of us--at least a majority of us--who actually read the Constitution and realize we are an independent branch of Government? The distinguished senior Senator from West Virginia has reminded us that we do not serve under Presidents, we serve with Presidents. He has reminded us that there are three branches of Government, each independent of the other. Nonetheless, we hear arguments on the floor that we can't ask for these documents because the executive branch does not want to show them to us. But, we are independent Senators, all 100 of us.  Somewhere in the upper reaches of this administration, a process was set in motion that seeped forward until it produced this awful scandal. So to put the scandal behind us--which all of us want to do--we have to understand what happened.  The President of the United States has said they want to get to the bottom of this. So do I, but you cannot get to the bottom of this until you have a clear picture of what is on the top. We have heard the party line on this scandal. The Senator from Alabama argued that the whole thing boils down to just a few people on the midnight shift in Abu Ghraib prison who got out of control. He said that a few people came in at midnight and somehow they got out of control. That line has become harder and harder to swallow as every day new evidence surfaces that the abuses were widespread.  The photographs may be limited to a small group of soldiers at Abu Ghraib, but the abuses were not. It is not right for any of us to claim this was just a small thing when every one of us has seen how extensive the photographs are, those that have been revealed to the public and those that have not.  I question the idea that it was only in Abu Ghraib. As I said, somebody must be getting frequent flyer miles because the same thing was happening at Abu Ghraib prison, Afghanistan, and Guantanamo. Just last week, a Federal grand jury indicted a CIA contractor for brutally beating a prisoner in Afghanistan in June of last year. Why did they indict him? Because the prisoner died the day after he was beaten.  The Army has opened a criminal investigation into injuries suffered by a U.S. soldier who was posing as an uncooperative detainee during training with military police at Guantanamo Bay. That soldier suffered traumatic brain injury. This was a brave American soldier who went into a training program. Suddenly, apparently, the rules changed, He used a code word to stop it. He said: I am an American soldier. They kept on doing what somebody higher up had given them the order to do, and he suffered traumatic brain injury.  I could go on and on about this. My point is, it is not just a few bad apples in Abu Ghraib. These things have happened in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo. Does anybody seriously think that the American public is going to fall for a lie that it is a coincidence that a bunch of MPs in Iraq were abusing prisoners with the very same tactics that were being debated at the highest levels of Government, such as the use of hoods, the use of dogs, the removal of clothing? Do we think these people are somehow telepathic, that they can read the minds of those at the White House or the Pentagon?  Yesterday, the White House released a tiny subset of the materials we sought. This was not all the material we requested. It was a tiny subset. All of those documents should have been provided earlier to Congress. Much more remains held back from public view.  The documents that were released raised more questions than they answered.  After January 2002, did the President sign any other orders or directives? Did he sign any with regard to prisoners in Iraq? Why did Secretary Rumsfeld issue and later rescind interrogation techniques?  How did these interrogation techniques come to be used in Iraq even though the administration has maintained it followed the Geneva Conventions there?  Why is the White House withholding relevant documents produced after April 2003?  Where is the remaining 95 percent of the materials requested by members of the Senate Judiciary Committee?  We have heard on the floor there was a broad-brush request made for the documents. But it was actually a request for 23 specific documents. The White House gave 3 of the 23 and said that it had complied. Incidentally, of those three, two had already appeared on the Internet. The press had found them out before the White House gave them to us.  So even though they gave only one that had not been made public before, I will give them credit for all three. Where are the other 20?  When are we, as Senators, going to stop sitting on our hands, becoming a rubberstamp for an administration cloaked in secrecy?  We have the legal right, we have the constitutional obligation, and I remind Senators we have the moral authority to ask questions and demand answers today.  We have been blessed in this country with a great and wonderful country, but that is a blessing that comes with some responsibilities. We are not maintaining that responsibility unless we keep the pressure on, until we get honesty and we get answers.  So I urge my colleagues, vote down the motion to table. Let us show the Senate is willing to stand up. Let us do what Senators have done in the past. We did it during the Watergate era. We have done it at other times. Let us stand up and ask the questions the American public wants us to ask.  The press seems to be doing it for us. After extensive investigation, the Guardian uncovered widespread evidence of violent abuse and sexual humiliation of prisoners at Baghram and other U.S. detention centers around Afghanistan. We should have found that out, and we should have stopped it. As I said before, a Federal grand jury indicted a CIA contractor for brutally assaulting a detainee in Afghanistan June 2003. We should have found that out. Instead, we turned a blind eye.  Defense Secretary Rumsfeld admitted in November 2003 that he ordered a prisoner be held incommunicado, off the prison rolls, and out of the sight of the Red Cross. This ghost detainee got lost in the system for 7 months. Despite his high intelligence value, this ghost detainee received only a cursory initial interview while in detention.  Major General Taguba later criticized the practice of keeping ghost detainees as deceptive, contrary to Army doctrine, and in violation of international law.  The New York Times reported that military lawyers and some colonels received memos citing complaints of abuse at Abu Ghraib in November 2003, 2 months before photographic evidence of abuse prompted the military to launch an investigation. At the same time, the letters I had written to the Department of Defense and others about what we had heard were not answered.  In fact, it turns out now that the majority of detainees at Guantanamo Bay are not the worst of the worst, as the administration asserted, but rather low-level recruits or even innocent men swept up in the chaos of war. This is why, after years, not a single one has been brought before a military tribunal. This is not the mark of a great country. This is not the mark of a moral country.  