President, today we are turning to the nomination of Justice Diane Sykes to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. She has been nominated to a seat which is actually not even vacant yet. Justice Sykes is nominated to replace Judge John Coffey, who has not yet retired. Her confirmation vote today shows how fast the administration is moving to pack the courts, including future vacancies, with its ideological nominees.  Justice Sykes comes before us with the support of my colleagues, Senator Kohl and Senator Feingold--two Senators whose opinions I value very much. She also comes before us with a 12-year judicial record--both at the trial court level and with the Supreme Court of her home State of Wisconsin. I have looked closely at her record and although I greatly value the opinion of my colleagues from the State of Wisconsin, I have made my own judgment regarding her fitness for this important lifetime appointment.  After reviewing Justice Sykes' written record, I was disturbed by the clear patterns that emerged. I worry that, if confirmed, Justice Sykes will continue to be an activist judge for a lifetime on the Federal bench. For this reason I voted against her nomination in committee and will oppose her confirmation today.  I share Justice Sykes' own concerns, which she described to the Federalist Society last year in a speech she delivered about the ``politicization of the judiciary.'' As Members of the Senate we must ensure that we confirm nominees who will be impartial arbiters of justice. With today's vote we have confirmed 192 of this President's judicial nominations. These nominees have been from a variety of backgrounds. A significant percentage of them had been very active in the Republican Party and in ideological groups such as the Federalist Society. I voted to confirm nominees when I am confident that as judges they would be able to shed their historical advocacy and act impartially once they take their oath of office.  Unfortunately, Justice Sykes' record on the State court bench demonstrates that she has had difficulty separating her personal views from her judicial decisions. In civil cases, she consistently rules against workers and injured plaintiffs in favor of big business. In criminal cases, she routinely rules against the rights of criminal defendants in favor of broad rights for the Government.  Justice Sykes has repeatedly taken a very narrow approach to interpreting the fourth amendment, upholding broad exceptions to allow warrantless police searches. She continuously questions Miranda--a bedrock precedent of constitutional law. For example, Justice Sykes was the lone dissenter from the Wisconsin Supreme Court's decision to exclude evidence gained as the result of an interrogation that clearly violated a defendant's Miranda rights. Her rulings have jeopardized other constitutional rights of criminal defendants, as well. In one case, in a decision that was later reversed, Judge Sykes ruled that a lawyer's advice to a defendant to lie on the witness stand was not sufficient to conclude that the defendant was deprived of his right to effective counsel. Justice Sykes was also the lone dissenter on the Wisconsin Supreme Court arguing that a defendant had no right to a new trial when one of the jurors did not speak or understand English. Justice Sykes' pattern ofgoing to great lengths to reduce the protections for criminal defendants enshrined in our Constitution is greatly disturbing.  In addition to what I was able to learn from her judicial record, I was equally disappointed by her testimony before the Judiciary Committee. Our distinguished colleague from Illinois, Senator Durbin, submitted thoughtful questions to Justice Sykes following her hearing. She refused to answer many of his questions, including whether she believed that Roe and Griswold were ``unprincipled decisions'' or were ``consistent with strict constructionism,'' whether the existence of the right to privacy was a ``feat of judicial activism,'' and whether the Warren court went too far in creating individual rights. Her reason for not answering those questions was that she was precluded by Wisconsin's code of judicial conduct. However, that code only prohibits a judge from commenting on ``particular cases or legal issues that would appear to commit the judge in advance or suggest a promise or commitment of a certain course of conduct in office regarding particular cases or legal issues.'' Her blanket refusals to respond to questions by members of the Judiciary Committee are unacceptable.  I am seriously concerned about the type of Federal judge Justice Sykes would be if confirmed and I vote against her nomination to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.  