President, after 9/11, there was broad agreement that the absence of an accurate, reliable, and comprehensive terrorist watch list was a serious deficiency. Unfortunately, 3 years later, we still have not accomplished this important task.  My amendment, which has been modified to reach an agreement with Senators Collins and Lieberman, addresses this deficiency. It requires a report to Congress on the watch list, specifically on the standards in place to ensure we have a list that is reliable and accurate, and that we have procedures for determining threat levels and the consequences to listed individuals. It also mandates a process for individuals erroneously listed on the ``Automatic Selectee'' and ``No-Fly'' lists to have their names removed. Finally, it would require an assessment of the privacy and civil liberty implications of using these lists. It is critical that we have a complete, accurate and consolidated watch list, but we also need to be mindful of our liberties in the process.  We know that one of the most senior and respected Members of this Senate who for decades has taken the same flight was told he could not board because he was, apparently, on some kind of terrorist list. They said: Of course, it is an obvious error, and we will get it cleared up. But repeatedly when he tried to get on the same plane, he was continually stopped.  Now, as a Member of the Senate, after six or seven times of this happening, and after calls from the White House, the head of Homeland Security and others, the problem was finally corrected. Can you imagine what it is like if you are Jane Smith or John Jones from a small town somewhere in this country, but you have to travel on business and your name is there, and you lose important clients, you lose important business, or you are unable to get home to visit a friend or a family member, and you probably cannot pick up the phone and call the White House and say, ``Look, this is the sixth or seventh time I have been mistakenly barred from traveling. Please fix it''?  Now, there are other concerns I would like to have addressed, but this modified version reflects the agreement with Senators Collins and Lieberman.  Mr. President, I believe the modified amendment is at the desk, and I ask unanimous consent it be in order to call up my amendment No. 3915 and that it be so modified.  