President, I will say that I agree with the second-degree amendment the Senator from Massachusetts has temporarily withdrawn. Obviously it will be reoffered. The reason I agree, Congress not only has done a very poor job of oversight; with someexceptions, the administration has taken advantage of that and made it a practice to deny oversight cooperation to Congress.  The stonewalling in the prison abuse scandal has been building to a crisis point. Today, finally, after huge pressure, the White House has released a small subset of the documents that offer glimpses into the genesis of this scandal. All should have been provided earlier to Congress. We know a lot has been held back, and remains hidden from public view.  While this is a self-serving selection on the part of the administration, it is at least a beginning, a tiny beginning, a tiny baby step. But if we want the Judiciary Committee and the Senate to find the whole truth, we will need much more cooperation and extensive hearings.  The documents released today raise more questions than they answer. I will give some examples, speaking now of the documents released today.  The White House released only 3 of the 23 documents that members of the Senate Judiciary Committee requested and tried to subpoena last week. In having released only 3 of the 23 we asked for, I point out that 2 of the 3 were already available on the Internet. Where are the other 20 documents we asked for? They have given us one that was not already on the Internet. Where are the other 20?  The White House released a Presidential memorandum dated February 7, 2002, directing that al-Qaida and Taliban detainees be treated humanely. Did the President sign any directive regarding the treatment or interrogation of detainees after February 7, 2002, more than 2 years ago? More specifically, did the President sign any directive after the United States invaded Iraq in March of 2003?  The latest document released by the White House is dated April 16th, 2003. Why is that, when many of the worst abuses that we know of occurred months later, in the fall of 2003. Why has the White House stopped with memoranda produced in April 2003?  I live on the side of a mountain in Vermont. I know that water flows downhill, but so does Government policy. Somewhere in the upper reaches of this administration a process was set in motion that seeped forward until it produced a scandal.  All of us want to put the scandal behind us, but to do that we have to know what happened. And we cannot get to the bottom of this until there is a clear picture of what happened at the top. We need to keep the pressure on until we get honesty and answers. So I will support Senator Kennedy's second-degree amendment when it is offered.  