President, today the Senate considers the nomination of James Robart, to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Washington. He is a graduate of Whitman College and the Georgetown University Law Center. Mr. Robart is currently managing partner at the law firm of Lane Powell Spears Lubersky, LLP, a firm he has worked at for over 30 years. He has handled complex commercial litigation matters including class actions, securities, and employment cases, and has also been involved in counseling clients in the areas of antitrust compliance, employment law, and intellectual property.  Mr. Robart's nomination is the product of a bipartisan judicial nominating commission maintained with the White House by Senators Murray and Cantwell. The State of Washington is well-served by its bipartisan judicial nominating commission which recommends qualified, moderate nominees on whom members of both parties can agree. It is difficult to understand why President Bush has opposed similar bipartisan selections commissions and why this one was so hard to establish. They allow Republicans and Democrats to work together to staff an independent judiciary. I thank Senators Murray and Cantwell for their steadfast efforts in maintaining the commission. The Senate just recently confirmed another well-qualified nominee to the District Court for the Western District of Washington, Judge Martinez, and, with today's vote, the Senate will have confirmed four nominees--all the product of the bipartisan commission--to the district courts in Washington. With this confirmation, there will be no further vacancies in the district courts in Washington.  I would note that, in proceeding to a vote on Mr. Robart, the Republican leadership has again decided to depart from the order of the Executive Calendar and to skip over the nomination of a non-controversial and well-qualified Hispanic nominee to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District in Pennsylvania, Juan Ramon Sanchez. That is their choice. I do not want to see the Democrats blamed for any delay in confirmation votes for Hispanics when Republicans have controlled the agenda.  With this confirmation we will have confirmed more judges this year than in all of the 1996 session, the last time a President was seeking reelection.  With this confirmation and two more today, the Senate will have confirmed a total of 89 judges this Congress and 189 of this President's judicial nominees overall. With 89 judicial confirmations in just a little more than 17 months, the Senate has confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during the two full years of 1995 and 1996, when Republicans first controlled the Senate and President Clinton was in the White House. It also exceeds the 2-year total at the end of the Clinton administration, when Republicans held the Senate majority in 1999 and 2000.  With 189 total confirmations for President Bush, the Senate has confirmed more lifetime appointees for this President than were allowed to be confirmed in President Clinton's entire second term, the most recent four-year presidential term and more than were confirmed in President Reagan's term from 1981 through 1984. Of course President Reagan is acknowledged as the all-time champ for having appointed more federal judges than any other President in history.  I congratulate Mr. Robart and his family on his confirmation.  