As I have noted before, the United States Congress has a long history of strong intellectual property laws, and the Constitution charges us with the responsibility of crafting laws that foster innovation and ensure that creative works are guaranteed their rightful protections. This past March, I joined with Senator Hatch, Senator Kohl, and Senator Feingold in introducing the CREATE Act, which will provide a needed remedy to one aspect of our nation's patent laws.  Our bill is a narrow one that promises to protect American jobs and encourage additional growth in America's information economy.  In 1980, Congress passed the Bayh-Dole Act, which encouraged private entities and not-for-profits such as universities to form collaborative partnerships that aid innovation. Prior to the enactment of this law, universities were issued fewer than 250 patents each year. Thanks to the Bayh-Dole Act, the number of patents universities have been issued in more recent years has surpassed two thousand--adding billions of dollars annually to the US economy.  The CREATE Act corrects for a provision in the Bayh-Dole Act which, when read literally, runs counter to the intent of that legislation. In 1997, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled, in Oddzon Products, Inc. v. Just Toys, Inc., that non-public information may in certain cases be considered ``prior art''--a standard which generally prevents an inventor from obtaining a patent. The Oddzon ruling was certainly sound law, but it was not sound public policy, and as a result some collaborative teams have been unable to receive patents for their work. As a consequence, there is a deterrent from forming this type of partnership, which has proved so beneficial to universities, the private sector, the American worker, and the U.S. economy.  Recognizing Congress' intended purpose in passing the Bayh-Dole Act, the Federal Circuit invited Congress to better conform the language of the act to the intent of the legislation. The CREATE Act does exactly that by ensuring that non-public information is not considered ``prior art'' when the information is used in a collaborative partnership under the Bayh-Dole Act. The bill that the Senate is passing today also includes strict evidentiary burdens to ensure that the legislation is tailored narrowly so as only to achieve this goal that--although narrow--is vitally important.  I also wish to draw attention to Senator Hatch's thoughtful explication of some of the more complex issues surrounding the CREATE Act. I agree entirely with his comments, which I believe will prove useful for those seeking a background understanding of this legislation.  I wish to thank my colleagues for their support of this bill, and to thank in particular Senator Hatch, Senator Kohl, Senator Feingold, Senator Grassley, and Senator Schumer for their hard work in gaining this bill's passage.  