I realize the second-degree amendment is designed--whether intentionally or otherwise--to protect a number of the major corporations now working in Iraq, some of which have been involved with overcharging our military and profiting on the war. It is unfortunate that we would try to protect those who are gouging the American taxpayers.  After World War II and after the Korean War, we put in a war profiteering amendment similar to what I offered, and I would say to my distinguished friend from Virginia, we passed a similar war profiteering amendment on the Iraq supplemental appropriations bill last year. But when it came up in conference with the other body, even though they are independent Members of the House, several of them were very candid and told me they had been directed by the White House to remove it and had heavy pressure brought by Halliburton and others. So they had to remove the war profiteering amendment.  I actually thought we were elected not by corporations, whether it is Halliburton or anybody else, and not appointed by the White House, but, rather, are here to do the American people's business.  Now, be that as it may, I would hope that at some point we would get to the underlying amendment, and it would actually be the law today except that the White House and Halliburton and others told the Republican majority, the leadership in the other body, that they had to take it out, which they did.  I commend the majority of Senators, both Republicans and Democrats, who supported it originally and have been willing to resist the pressure of the White House.  Over the last few weeks, the news has been dominated by events in Iraq. We are still trying to figure out exactly what went wrong in Abu Ghraib prison as well as other detention centers around the world. There has been some disagreement on this issue, but I think we have already learned a couple of lessons.  We need to improve transparency. We need to improve accountability. We need to put in place strong measures to prevent illegal and immoral acts. The reason for doing this is simple. Bad behavior by a few can lower morale among American soldiers. It can undermine support at home for the mission, and it could damage the work of the vast majority of brave men and women who are trying to do the right thing, trying to make life better, and are putting themselves in harm's way every day. By all means, we ought to take action in this body to make sure that no corporation or group can come in and make obscene profits or engage in war profiteering while our American men and women are putting their lives on the line for their country. We should not have anybody come in and say: Here is a great way to make some huge profit off their suffering and off the suffering of the Iraqi people.  So my amendment does not have anything to do with the recent prison abuses in Iraq, but it does address the serious issues I mentioned. It addresses the serious and sinister problem of war profiteering that can harm our mission there and around the world.  Senator Harry Truman served with distinction in this body and conducted Senate committee investigations into war profiteering during World War II. Then-Senator Truman, later President, said on this issue:       No one objects to a fair profit . . . [I]t is our duty . .      . to protect the patriotic majority of war contractors      against a stigma of profiteering generated by the self      seeking minority. We intend to see that no man or corporate      group of men shall profit inordinately on the blood of the      boys in the fox holes.  Today we have both men and women on the frontlines. And we have a lot of companies over there who are putting their own people in harm's way. They are doing it with the best interests of our country and the best interests of the Iraqi people. They are doing it very bravely. They are not doing it to profit from the war. As Harry Truman said: We have to take care; we have ``to protect the patriotic majority of war contractors against the stigma of profiteering generated by the self seeking minority.''  All my amendment says is that while most of the people over there will be playing by the rules, for those who are not, we are going to hold you accountable.  As a former prosecutor, I know nothing focuses the minds of those who are committing crimes more than knowing somebody can put them in prison for a long time. I will give you an easy example. If you have five warehouses lined up and four of them have heavy locks on the doors and one doesn't, that is the one that usually gets burgled. In this case, most people are going to be very honest. But without the locks on the doors, there are going to be some who try to get away with ripping off the American taxpayers.  I would hope that everybody in this body, Republican and Democrat, would agree with what President Truman said. I am concerned because we have seen one bad headline after another--the Wall Street Journal, the Washington Post, the New York Times, and others--about Government contracts in Iraq.  In addition, Time magazine recently reported on an e-mail sent by a Pentagon official that raises serious questions involving Vice President Cheney's office, the White House, and the Vice President's former employer, Halliburton. This is what the e-mail says: A multibillion-dollar Halliburton contract was approved ``contingent on informing White House tomorrow. We anticipate no issue since action has been coordinated with Vice President's office.''  And right on schedule, 3 days later, the Army Corps of Engineers gave Halliburton a multibillion-dollar contract, and they did it without seeking any other bids. This does not look like a typical heads-up memo, as the Vice President's office is now claiming. To this former prosecutor from Vermont, it looks like a coordinated scheme to enrich Halliburton at taxpayer expense with no-bid contracts.  This latest revelation underscores the need to address this issue. Even if there is a reasonable explanation for this outrageous e-mail--and I am still waiting to hear what it is--we have to put in place tough measures to address this issue. I think we have to send a clear message that lining one's pockets, especially while our troops are in harm's way, is simply unacceptable.  I hope my amendment, if we are allowed to vote on it, will put a stop to these scandals. This amendment should pass unanimously. I am sorry that the Republican leadership has decided to put what I could only call ``a hold Halliburton harmless'' second-degree amendment in here. I hope that those majority of Senators, Republicans and Democrats alike, who voted for this amendment last year will vote against the second-degree amendment and vote for this amendment. Vote against the ``hold Halliburton harmless'' amendment and vote for the war profiteering prevention amendment.  The war profiteering prevention amendment, if it becomes part of law, will send a very clear signal. I don't care what the corporation is, whether the corporation is from Vermont or anywhere else, it will send a very clear signal: Play by the rules. But if you don't play by the rules, just as Harry Truman said after World War II, we are going to hold you accountable.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent, at the request of the distinguished chairman, that we be allowed to go into a quorum call until the hour of 2 p.m.; that then, by consent, the call of the quorum be rescinded and the Senator from Vermont be recognized again.  