President, I come to the floor today to express my disappointment with the Omnibus appropriations bill.  It is not without some reservation that I rise today to make this speech. As a member of the Appropriations Committee I know how hard it is to draft these bills each year. Senators on both sides of the aisle have worked long and hard to produce each of the seven bills that are wrapped into this package. Chairman Stevens and Senator Byrd were tireless in their efforts to move these bills along and have tried to keep this process on track despite the difficult hand they were dealt.  Unfortunately this year, under the influence of the administration and the pressures of partisanship, the process broke down. It is now the middle of January, nearly four months into the fiscal year, and 11 out of 15 Cabinet-level departments are running on a temporary spending measure. This stopgap measure has already caused disruptions in services and cuts to many social programs.  We should not be in this situation. Had we considered these bills in regular order we would have passed most of them long ago. The foreign operations title was written in a bipartisan manner and every member of the conference committee--Democrat and Republican--signed the conference report.  I strongly support this portion of the omnibus, and I want to commend my friend from Kentucky, Senator McConnell, for working with me in such a bipartisan way to produce what I believe was probably the best, most balanced outcome we could have achieved.  Although the amount contained in the foreign operations conference report fell far short of the amount requested by the President--a fact which I find mystifying since the President's party controls both Houses of Congress--it is an improvement over the previous fiscal year. It contains several new initiatives, as well as additional funds for some very important programs.  I supported Senator Daschle's effort last December to pass the foreign operations bill independent of the omnibus. If we were given the opportunity to vote on the foreign operations portion of the omnibus by itself--and frankly I do not understand why we have not been given that opportunity--I would vote aye.  Instead the administration and congressional leadership used the pressure to pass these bills as a vehicle to move their agenda forward. Several provisions were added, and in some cases removed, to the package at the last minute and behind closed doors, sometimes in direct contradiction to votes taken on the Senate and House floors. We are now in a situation where the omnibus is mired down in debate over controversial issues unrelated to the underlying bill.  These are issues as serious as how much overtime our Nation's workers should be paid. The Bush Labor Department announced plans last March to overhaul the Federal rules on overtime pay. The new rules would redefine eligibility for overtime, adversely affecting nearly 8 million American workers who earn between $22,100 and $65,000 annually. I am troubled that so many working families in this country will no longer be entitled to time-and-a-half pay. And I find it disingenuous that the Labor Department is planning to include in the regulations a list of cost-cutting suggestions for businesses that will show them precisely how they can avoid paying overtime compensation to their employees.  On September 10 of last year I joined a bipartisan group of Senators in opposing the administration's overtime compensation changes. By a vote of 54 to 45 the Senate approved an amendment to the Labor-HHS appropriations bill to overturn the regulations for another year. The House joined this effort less then a month later when they instructed their conferees to support the Senate provision. Unfortunately the President threatened to veto the fiscal year 2004 Omnibus appropriations bill if it contained this provision. Late at night, without the consent of the full conference committee, congressional leaders relented and against the will of Congress the provisions were removed from the final bill.  The Labor Department now expects to have its regulations finalized by the end of March. And in testimony beforethe Senate Labor Appropriations Committee yesterday the Secretary was unwilling to not only delay implementation of the regulations, but even to listen to the debate about how many workers will lose overtime pay because of the regulations.  Just 2 nights ago President Bush implored us to do more to help struggling, working families across this country. He said we should lower their taxes so they have more money to spend. He said we should implement new savings incentives so they have more money saved up. And he said we should implement new programs to promote family life so they will spend more quality time together. Unfortunately, the actions of this administration to reach into the pocketbooks of hard-working families--to take away their overtime pay and keep them apart for even longer hours--speak much louder than the President's words.  The will of the Senate was also thwarted when it came to regulating the safety of our Nation's food supply. Consumers have said, in large numbers, that they want basic information about the food they consume. A recent nationwide poll indicated that 82 percent of American consumers think food should be labeled with country-of-origin information. That is why Congress mandated country-of-origin labeling--otherwise known as COOL--as part of the recently passed farm bill. The language of the COOL law states that only beef born, raised, and slaughtered in the United States can be labeled a U.S. product. Only with the country-of-origin labeling law will consumers be afforded a choice about the origin of the food they purchase and consume. The recent discovery of a mad cow case in Washington State from a Canadian cow has made clear the need to implement COOL immediately.  Unfortunately, the Bush administration has stridently opposed COOL. Language was included in this bill that effectively kills the labeling law and denies consumers essential information about the meats, fruits and vegetables they purchase.  The trend of bucking popular sentiment continued when it came to the issue of FCC media ownership caps. On June 2 of last year the FCC issued a ruling that would have relaxed media ownership restrictions from the 35 percent cap to 45 percent. After public outrage and much debate, the House and Senate approved legislation reinstating a 35-percent limitation on FCC media ownership caps. Despite this the White House successfully lobbied for last-minute increase of a permanent cap at 39 percent.  This so-called ``compromise'' would only serve to the advantage of media conglomerates--several of whom are already in violation of the 35-percent cap and who would otherwise be required to divest some assets in order to comply with the rule. There is no evidence that a 39 percent cap will protect the diversity of voices, or foster the competitive health of the information and entertainment industries. In fact, reasoned analysis suggests precisely the opposite. Unfortunately, Democrats were not in the room when this decision was made. The doors had been closed and communication had ceased.  I could go on. This mammoth bill includes a provision that will pave the way for contracting out thousands of Federal jobs. Bipartisan agreements were reached that would have provided basic protections for federal employees, yet these protections were dropped. Both the Senate and House voted on provisions that would have eased the restrictions on travel to Cuba, but this provision mysteriously disappeared in conference. Titles of the bill that were closed out during conference meetings were reopened after deals had been struck; compromises that were reached on a bipartisan basis were overturned later without consultation. This is not how we should be doing business. It is undemocratic. It is not how the American people expect us to represent them.  The omnibus provides over $820 million in long overdue funds that are desperately needed by Federal agencies, including hard fought increases for veterans medical care and the fight against global aids. But it is packaged with tainted goods.  Today I will vote to invoke cloture on this bill. These provisions could be fixed if the will was there, but the other side of the aisle has made it clear that they will not negotiate. Delaying this bill any longer will only do more harm to our agencies and the people they serve. But I will vote no on final passage. I cannot support the omnibus as it is written. It is a flawed document in both policy and process.  I hope that over the next few months we can start to restore the spirit of compromise, bipartisanship and consultation that used to be commonplace in the appropriations process. Another year like this will do permanent damage to this institution. We deserve and expect better in the United States Senate.  