President, today, in addition to voting on the nomination of Raymond Gruender, we vote to confirm another circuit court nominee, Judge Franklin Van Antwerpen to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. A Federal District Court judge since he was appointed by President Reagan in 1987, Judge Van Antwerpen comes to the Senate floor strongly supported by the Senior Senator from Pennsylvania, who I know is eager to see him confirmed.  Today's confirmation will make the 76th judge confirmed this year alone and the 176th judicial nominee to be confirmed for this President. With 76 judicial confirmations in just a little more than 16 months, the Senate has now confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during the two full years of 1995 and 1996, when Republicans first controlled the Senate and President Clinton was in the White House. It also exceeds the 2-year total for the last 2 years of the Clinton administration, when Republicans held the Senate. In fact, with 176 total confirmations for President Bush in just 3\1/2\ years, the Senate has confirmed more lifetime appointees for this president than were allowed to be confirmed in President Clinton's entire second term, the most recent 4-year presidential term. We have already surpassed the number of judicial confirmations won by President Reagan in his entire first term in office.  The confirmation of Judge Van Antwerpen also marks the second circuit court nominee confirmed for President Bush this year, which is double the number of circuit court nominees confirmed in all of 1996, the last time a president was running for reelection and Republicans refused to allow a single circuit court nominee of President Clinton to be confirmed all year. Today we confirm the 32nd circuit court nominee of President Bush, which is more circuit court confirmations than in all 4 years of President Clinton's first term in the White House.  A look at the Federal judiciary in Pennsylvania demonstrates yet again that President Bush's nominees have been treated far better than President Clinton's and shows dramatically how Democrats have worked in a bipartisan way to fill vacancies, despite the fact that Republicans blocked more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees. With this confirmation, 16 ofPresident Bush's nominees to the Federal courts in Pennsylvania will have been confirmed, more than for any other State except California.  With this confirmation, President Bush's nominees will make up 16 of the 41 active Federal circuit and district court judges for Pennsylvania--that is more than one third of the Pennsylvania Federal bench. With the additional four Pennsylvania district court nominees pending on the floor and likely to be confirmed soon, nearly half of the district court seats in Pennsylvania will be held by President Bush's appointees. Republican appointees will outnumber Democratic appointees by nearly two to one.  This is in sharp contrast to the way vacancies in Pennsylvania were left unfilled during Republican control of the Senate when President Clinton was in the White House. Although Republicans now decry Democratic filibusters of a mere handful of the most extreme nominees, Republicans denied votes to nine district and one circuit court nominees of President Clinton in Pennsylvania alone. Despite the efforts and diligence of the senior Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Specter, to secure the confirmation of all of the judicial nominees from every part of his home State, there were ten nominees by President Clinton to Pennsylvania vacancies who never got a vote. Despite how well-qualified these nominees were, many of their nominations sat pending before the Senate for more than a year without being considered. Such obstruction provided President Bush with a significant opportunity to shape the bench according to his partisan and ideological goals.  Recent news articles in Pennsylvania have highlighted the way that President Bush has been able to reshape the Federal bench in Pennsylvania. For example, the Philadelphia Inquirer, on November 27, 2003, said that the significant number of vacancies on the Pennsylvania courts ``present Republicans with an opportunity to shape the judicial makeup of the court for years to come.''  Democratic support for the confirmation of Franklin Van Antwerpen is yet another example of our extraordinary cooperation despite an uncompromising White House and the record of how President Clinton's Pennsylvania nominees fared under Republican control in the Senate. In contrast to many of President Bush's nominees, Judge Van Antwerpen comes to us with a distinguished and widely acclaimed career on the bench--both on the State and Federal levels. He was rated unanimously well-qualified by the American Bar Association and has the respect of his peers on the bench and of the attorneys who appear before him. He is the kind of nominee this President and my Republican colleagues should be looking for as we fulfill our constitutional duty of appointing members to the Federal judiciary--an independent branch of the government.  I congratulate Judge Van Antwerpen and his family on his confirmation today.  