I hope this doesn't hurt him back home when I can state unequivocally that nobody works harder than he does. Nobody is more conscientious in going through legislation. I know he has worked very hard on the appropriations bill before us. As he knows, I have supported him in the subcommittee on a great deal of measures in this bill. We have similar views.  On the question of vetoes, I can remember the last time a piece of legislation I was working on with the White House, saying they would veto legislation if we put in the TRICARE provisions to provide health care for our National Guard and Reserve members and their families, even at a time when an extraordinary, unprecedented number of National Guard and Reserve members were being called up for the war in Iraq and were being required to serve way beyond the time anyone ever anticipated. Nobody could understand why the White House would do that which basically undercuts the brave men and women who are going over there. Fortunately, Republicans and Democrats came together in this body and the other body and passed the legislation with very strong bipartisan support and somehow the veto threat disappeared.  I suspect the same thing. This bill is not going to be vetoed on this issue. I understand the threats. I have been here for 30 years, and I have seen Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents and administrations. It never comes through the Presidents. It says their senior advisers would recommend a veto threat. I have seen hundreds of these in my 30 years I have been in the Senate. I have probably seen about a dozen vetoes come out of the hundreds and hundreds of threats, even though they have been ignored.  The distinguished chairman of the subcommittee has a responsibility to bring that forward. But he knows, as I do, that we hear veto threats almost as though they were being printed and cranked out when any bill comes along.  I think it never would have passed a body as tightly controlled by the Republicans as the House of Representatives, it would never have passed with the overwhelming support had they really thought there would be a veto.  I ask unanimous consent that the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Feingold, be added as a cosponsor to my amendment to the underlying amendment.  