President, today we vote on the nomination of Robert Harwell to the U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina. Mr. Harwell is the name partner of a litigation firm in South Carolina, Harwell, Ballenger, Barth & Hoefer, LLP, where he has practiced law since 1984. He has significant litigation experience, and I support his nomination.  The Senate will now have confirmed more than two dozen judicial nominees of President Bush this year alone. Only 17 judges were confirmed under Republican leadership in the entire 1996 session and no circuit court nominees were confirmed that entire time. That was the last year in which a President was seeking reelection. We have far exceeded the number of judges confirmed, including circuit judges, that year.  With today's votes, the Senate will have confirmed nearly 200 judicial nominees of President Bush. In this Congress alone, the Senate has confirmed more Federal judges than were confirmed during the 2 full years of 1995 and 1996 when Republicans first controlled the Senate and President Clinton was in the White House. We have also exceeded the 2-year total at the end of the Clinton administration, when Republicans held the Senate majority in 1999 and 2000. I would note, however, that the Republican-controlled Senate has not confirmed quite as many as the 100 the Democratic-led Senate confirmed in our 17 months in the majority in 2001 and 2002.  With nearly 200 confirmation of President Bush's judicial nominees, the Senate has confirmed more lifetime appointees for this President than were allowed to be confirmed in the most recent four-year presidential term--that of President Clinton from 1997 through 2000. We have confirmed more judicial nominees than his father got confirmed and than during President Reagan's entire term from 1981 through 1984. Republicans should stop their false claims of obstructionism given these broken records.  With this confirmation, we have filled every vacant seat in South Carolina. It is a pleasure working with both of the Senators from South Carolina. I congratulate Mr. Harwell on his confirmation.  