President, I appreciate the concern of the distinguished senior Senator from Virginia in trying to find a way through this.  I want to make it very clear about what we have. The war profiteering bills President Truman spoke of after World War II were civil bills. This is a criminal statute. Actually, the criminal statute is more protective of the contractors because it requires a higher level of proof. As a former prosecutor, I much prefer the idea that someone thinks they are not just going to pay a fine, they might face prison.  Second, this passed in almost exactly this form in the supplemental appropriations bill. It was debated and passed as a separate measure in the committee. The amendment then became part of the Supplemental which passed the Senate by a wide margin. The amendment we are considering today is different only in two respects. This one applies to all countries; at that time, it applied only to Iraq. Second, the amendment the Senate passed earlier contained a sunset. The amendment here today does not.  When we went to conference, the House did not have a similar piece of legislation. The distinguished chairman of the Appropriations Committee, Senator Stevens, proposed they accept ours. They had a rollcall vote and, by party line, refused it. Senator Stevens had modified it with, I believe, a 7-year sunset. That was not accepted.  Several Republicans were very forthright in saying they were under pressure from the White House not to accept it. Some suggested they were under pressure from corporations that were major contributors. I suggested if there is a bad case of war profiteering, they may come back to regret it.  Senator Stevens very correctly wanted to make it clear that all Republicans and all Democrats on the Appropriations Committee, in the committee of conference, had supported this. It had been part of a bill we passed overwhelmingly, if not unanimously, in this body early. Because the House would not accept it, it was dropped.  Obviously, every Senator has to vote the way he or she wants, but as war profiteering goes on, it is something each Senator has to answer to his or her constituents.  