President, today the Senate considers the nomination of Roger Benitez to the Southern District of California. Judge Benitez is being considered for the last of 5 new seats in the Southern District of California that were created by statute on November 2, 2002, as part of a package of judgeships created for border districts that have a massive caseload and that needed more Federal judges. I worked hard with Senator Feinstein to help create these new positions under Democratic Senate leadership. By doing so, we did what the Republican majority refused to do in the years 1995 through 2000 when there was a Democratic President. We did so under Senate Democratic leadership knowingthat the appointments would be made by a Republican.  Unlike many other nominees who have come before this Committee, Roger Benitez comes before us with judicial qualifications, having had experience serving as a judge both in State and Federal courts. He served for 4 years as a California Superior Court Judge for Imperial County and 3 years as a U.S. Magistrate Judge for the Southern District for California.  However, like many nominees of this President, concerns have been raised about this nominee's fitness to serve. Judge Benitez is one of 28 of President Bush's nominees who have received a partial or majority rating of ``Not Qualified'' from the ABA Committee that conducts a peer evaluation of judicial nominees. Of those, 18 have already been confirmed and another has been recess appointed.  Before President Bush ejected the ABA from the process of providing an informal rating prior to a nomination, temperament or ethics concerns would have been raised at the early stage of a nominee's consideration and in time for the White House to make a decision whether to proceed with that nominee, with knowledge of such determinations and the opportunity to conduct follow-up inquiry. The change in the role of the ABA has led to ABA ratings being less helpful. In Judge Benitez's case, based on interviews with 23 judges and 44 attorneys, more than 10 members of the ABA committee concluded that, based on his temperament, he is not qualified to serve a lifetime appointment on the Federal bench.  Despite these concerns, Judge Benitez is supported by both of his home-State Senators and is the product of the bipartisan commission that Senators Feinstein and Boxer have worked so hard to maintain. I will honor their support of this nominee and support him, as well. With this confirmation, the Senate will have confirmed 14 nominees to the district courts in California.  Judge Benitez is the 17th Latino confirmed to the Federal courts in the past three years. With the exception of Mr. Estrada, who failed to answer many questions and provide the Senate with his writings and views, we have pressed forward to confirm all of the other Latinos whose nominations have been reported to the floor. Democrats will now have supported the swift confirmation of 17 of President Bush's 21 Latino nominees. Unfortunately, Republicans have been delaying Senate consideration of a number of Hispanic nominees and passed over several of the numbers would be even better.  While President Clinton nominated 11 Latino nominees to Circuit Court positions, 3 of those 11 were blocked by the Republican Senate and never given a vote. President Bush has only nominated 4 Latino nominees to Circuit Court positions, three of whom have been confirmed with Democratic support. President Bush's 21 Latino nominees constitute less than 10 percent of his nominees, even though Latinos make up a larger percentage of the U.S. population. It is revealing that this President has nominated more people associated with the Federalist Society than Hispanics, African Americans and Asian Pacific Americans, combined. While President Clinton cared deeply about diversity on the Federal bench, this President is more interested in narrow and slanted judicial ideology.  I congratulate Judge Benitez and his family on his confirmation.  