President, earlier this morning, an amendment offered by the senior Senator from Ohio was accepted by voice vote. At the time, I withheld from speaking on this amendment in order to expedite consideration of the budget resolution, but I would now like to take a moment to give my full statement.  This amendment addresses a serious shortfall in the President's foreign affairs budget: funding for international health programs.  I commend Senator DeWine for his leadership on these key humanitarian issues. Compared to some of the other amendments offered today, it is not a large amount of money. But, it means life and death to literally millions of people.  This amendment provides $330 million for the Child Survival and Health Programs Fund. It is fully offset by reducing the amount that the Federal Government spends on administrative expenses by $330 million.  This reduction will not be painful. We do not micro-manage the process, and leave it to the administration to determine where to make these cuts. But, I can think of some places that the Administration might want to start.  For example, next year the administration plans to spend $5.5 billion on ``transportation of things''; $21.1 billion on ``supplies and materials'' for federal agencies--not including the Department of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and Homeland Security; and about a billion dollars on printing costs.  If you want specifics on how to pay for this, one could come up with this scenario.  The administration is planning to increase the amount spent on ``supplies and materials'' for the Departments of Agriculture, Commerce, Education, Energy, and Interior and the FDIC. Simply maintaining the FY04 levels for these agencies yields $158 million. Freezing certain non-defense agencies' budgets for printing costs at the FY04 levels, which would otherwise be increased, brings the total amount of offsets to $173 million.  To get the remaining $157 million, one can freeze a number of combinations of proposed FY04 increases for ``other services'' of non-defense agencies. This includes, but is not limited to, increases to the Departments of Commerce, Energy, the Judicial Branch, and the FDIC. The portions of the government that I just listed total $365 million so this is more than enough. When added to the ones listed above, this is $538 million in offsets.  The use of Function 920 to pay for these offsets, which are spread over a range of different functions, is appropriate in this case. This is the type of offset that Function 920 was established to accommodate.  These are not my numbers they are OMB's. I encourage my colleagues to read the Object Class Analysis documents for further information.  I could go on, but we get the point. There is enough flexibility in this budget to do a tiny bit of belt tightening in order to save lives overseas, build goodwill towards the United States, and reduce the conditions--poverty, sickness, and despair--that help terrorists gather fresh recruits.  It may mean a few less paper clips or a few less glossy brochures, but the savings will be well worth it.  The President's national security strategy recognizes the essential role of foreign aid. But while we read about the importance of foreign aid, we don't see it throughout the President's budget request.  Most of us have praised the President's budget for significant increases for the Millennium Challenge Account--MCA--and to combat HIV/AIDS. However, I have serious concerns because a portion of these increases are paid for by robbing other essential programs, like health care and food aid. Our amendment would restore some of these cuts.  Putting AIDS aside, the President's budget cuts essential international health programs by 11.4 percent.  It would cut programs to combat other infectious diseases like measles, which kills 1 million children--not 100,000 or 200,000--but 1 million children each year. Measles can be prevented with a simple vaccine that costs pennies. Yet in many poor countries they cannot get it.  The President's budget would cut programs to combat measles and other infectious diseases like SARS, ebola and malaria, by 24 percent.  The President's budget would cut programs for vulnerable children by 64 percent. These programs help provide the basic necessities of life to orphans, street children, and children whose lives have been turned upside down by war.  Child survival and maternal health programs are also cut. These are the programs that provide lifesaving child immunizations. They also help to reduce needless pregnancy-related deaths each year. Six hundred thousand women die from pregnancy related causes. Almost all of these deaths could be prevented.  We should be moving aggressively to increase funding for these successful programs--not reduce funding.  This is not a partisan issue. Over the past 6 years, Democrats and Republicans have worked side-by-side to increase funding for international health. Funding for AIDS is going up, but it is going up at the expense of programs to combat other diseases which also cause millions of deaths. Preventable deaths. And curable diseases. This is unacceptable.  We cannot save every life. Our international health budget is less than the health budget of my own tiny State of Vermont. The President's budget would cut it even more. Our amendment would at least protect these programs from further cuts.  Less than 1 percent of the Federal budget is used to combat the conditions that cause poverty around the world. This is woefully inadequate. It shortchanges America's future. It invites insecurity.  One would have thought that if September 11 taught us anything, it was that business as usual is no longer tolerable. As I have said before, the President deserves credit for the Millennium Challenge Account and for increasing funding for HIV/AIDS.  But, I ask Senators to look behind the curtain to see these are funded. Some is new money. Sadly, some is from cuts to other essential humanitarian programs.  If we are going to lead, and especially if we are going to ask others to do more, we are going to have to stop playing shell games with the foreign aid budget. Leadership is good policy. Leadership means resources.  I yield the floor.  