Southern States comprise about 25 percent of the States, but 60 of the nominees, about one-third of the nominees, have come from the South. With my colleagues, I have moved to get virtually all of them through.  Today we are asked to consider the nomination of William S. Duffey, Jr., to the Northern District of Georgia. The ABA found Mr. Duffey to be well-qualified to be a district court judge. He also has the support of both of his home State Senators.  Mr. Duffey is currently serving as the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia. Prior to this Presidential appointment, he was in private practice and served for a number of years under the Office of the Independent Counsel during the 1990s. In this capacity, Mr. Duffey had administrative and general oversight responsibility for investigative activities and staffing in Arkansas. I questioned Mr. Duffey about two speeches he gave about his involvement in the Whitewater investigation. For example, while serving as the United States Attorney in northern Georgia and using the seal of that office, Mr. Duffey recently gave a speech entitled ``Whitewater, White Powder and White Paper'' at a local university. Despite his use of pejorative editorial cartoons, Mr. Duffey claimed that this speech was really about the value of public service. I am somewhat reassured by Mr. Duffey's answers to my questions and hope that if he is confirmed, he will avoid appearances of impropriety and conduct himself in a manner beyond reproach.  I would also note that some have falsely alleged that Democratic Senators have treated Southern nominees unfairly. That is simply untrue. The truth is that Democrats have treated judicial nominees from the South very fairly: Southern States comprise about 25 percent of the States in the Nation, yet out of the 184 judicial nominees of President Bush that we have confirmed as of this vote, 60 nominees, or about one-third, have been appointed to judicial seats in the South. With this vote there will be no vacancies in the entire State of Georgia. Senators on this side of the aisle worked to fill the last vacancy in Georgia. Judge C. Ashley Royal was confirmed December 20, 2001, under Democratic leadership to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia.  It is very unfortunate that some extreme partisans have tried to divide the American people for political gain with their false accusations that Democratic Senators are anti this group or that group. Democrats have been fair to judicial nominees from all parts of the Nation. We have been far more fair to this President's judicial nominees than Republicans were to the last Democratic President's. Republican Senators blocked more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees, including several southerners.  I congratulate Mr. Duffey and his family on his confirmation today.  Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.  