President, I thank the managing Senator.  I listened to what the distinguished Senator from Ohio said about Steve Young. I thought it was eloquent, well put, and I wish to join in those comments. I consider myself very fortunate to have known Steve. I thought how important it was that we change theshort title of this amendment to ``The Steve Young Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act.'' I remember even talking with Steve a number of times after he was ill and could no longer travel. Through all of that time, he, in typical fashion, spoke about others and not about himself.  I began my public career in law enforcement. To this day, the only thing in my personal Senate office that has my name on it is the plaque the police gave me when I left that career in law enforcement to become a Senator. It is a plaque on the door to my office with my name and above it is the badge I carried as a law enforcement official.  One thing I knew during my time in law enforcement, the law enforcement officers are never off duty. They are dedicated public servants, trained to uphold the law and keep the peace. To enable law enforcement officers nationwide to be prepared to answer a call to duty no matter where, when, or in what form it comes, I am proud to join Senators Campbell, Hatch, and Harry Reid to offer the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, S. 253, as it was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee, as an amendment to the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. People understand our amendment would permit off-duty and retired law enforcement officers to carry a firearm provided they have demonstrated their ability, provided they follow some very strict requirements, and be prepared to assist in dangerous situations.  This passed the Judiciary Committee by a vote of 18 to 1. It had 68 cosponsors, both Republicans and Democrats, and was strongly supported by the Fraternal Order of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the International Brotherhood of Police Officers, and the Law Enforcement Alliance of America.  I worked with LT Steve Young on this. It was one of the things he and I talked about before he died. He was dedicated to it. He knew the importance of having law enforcement officers across the Nation armed and prepared, whenever and wherever a risk to our public safety arose. The current national president, MAJ Chuck Canterbury, worked with me and others to make this legislation law.  We know where community policing and the outstanding work of so many law enforcement officers have helped a great deal in our crime control efforts. But during the last few years, the downward trend in violent crime ended and violent crime rates have turned upward.  We also know that more than 740,000 sworn law enforcement officers are currently serving in the United States. Since the first recorded police death in 1792, there have been more than 17,000 law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty--17,000. In the last decade, over 1,700 officers died in the line of duty--170 every year.  I think of a very sad funeral I went to in Vermont last summer. The trooper's family was left behind--young children, his widow. Roughly 5 percent of officers who die are killed when taking law enforcement action in an off-duty capacity, and more than 62,000 law enforcement officers are assaulted annually.  Convicted criminals often have long and exacting memories. I still have people come up to me and tell me they remember that I put them in prison. This happens to a lot of law enforcement officials. That law enforcement officer, the one who arrested the person who went to prison, is a target in uniform and out, active, retired, off-duty or on-duty.  So what we tried to do by bringing together Republicans and Democrats, Liberals, moderates, conservatives, is to put together an amendment designed to establish national measures of uniformity and consistency to permit trained and certified--and I underline that certified--on- and off-duty law enforcement officers to carry concealed firearms in situations so they may respond to crimes immediately across State and other jurisdictional lines as well as to protect themselves and their families from vindictive criminals.  Mr. President, I thank my friend from Idaho for yielding time. I think this is an important matter. I yield the floor.  