President, today, we are considering the nomination of Mark filip to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The vote today on Mr. Filip is the second vote on a judicial nominee this year, and demonstrates the Democrats'remarkable cooperation on judicial nominations despite years of intensified Republican partisanship and unilateralism.  Over the past 2 weeks, I have shared with the Senate several disappointing developments regarding judicial nominations: The Pickering recess appointment, the renomination of Claude Allen, and the theft of Democratic offices' computer files by Republican staff. In spite of all those affronts, Senate Democrats cooperated to confirm a nominee last week and are cooperating to confirm another district court nominee today. We do so without the kinds of delays and obstruction that Republicans used with President Clinton's judicial nominees.  Last week, I discussed the recess appointment of Judge Charles Pickering to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which was President Bush's most cynical and divisive appointment to date. That appointment is without the consent of the United States Senate and is a particular affront to the many individuals and membership organizations representing African-Americans in the Fifth Circuit who have strongly opposed this nomination. Never before had a judicial nomination rejected by the Judiciary Committee after a vote been resubmitted to the Senate, but this President took that unprecedented step last year. Never before has a judicial nomination debated at such length by the Senate, and to which the Senate has withheld its consent, been the subject of a presidential appointment to the Federal bench. The Pickering recess appointment is another dangerous step down the Republican's chosen path to erode judicial independence for the sake of partisanship and their ideological court-packing efforts.  The second disappointing development I spoke about last week was the renomination of Claude Allen as a nominee to the fourth Circuit. Two weeks ago, the President sent the nomination of Claude Allen back to the Senate. From the time this nomination was originally made to the time it was returned to the President last year, the Maryland Senators have made their position crystal clear. This Fourth Circuit vacancy is a Maryland seat and ought to be filled by an experienced, qualified Marylander. Over the Senate recess, the White House had ample time to find such a nominee. This refusal to compromise is just another example of the White House engaging in partisan politics to the detriment of an independent judiciary  Third, last week, I also mentioned with disappointment the ongoing fallout from the cyber theft of confidential memoranda from Democratic Senate staff. This invasion was perpetrated by Republican employees both on and off the committee. As revealed by the chairman, computer security was compromised and, simply put, members of the Republican staff took things that did not belong to them and passed them around and to people outside of the Senate. This is no small mistake. It is a serious breach of trust, morals, the standards that govern Senate conduct and possibly, criminal laws. We do not yet know the full extent of these violations. But we do need to repair the loss of trust brought on by this breach of confidentiality and privacy if we are ever to be able to resume our work in the spirit of cooperation and mutual respect that is so necessary to make progress.  This is an administration that promised to unite the American people but that has chosen time and again to act with respect to judicial nominations in a way that divides us. This is an administration that squandered the goodwill and good faith that Democrats showed in the aftermath of September 11, 2001. This is an administration that refused to acknowledge the strides we made in filling 100 judicial vacancies under Democratic Senate leadership in 2001 and 2002 while overcoming anthrax attacks and in spite of Republican mistreatment of scores of qualified, moderate judicial nominees of President Clinton.  Democratic cooperation with the President's slate of judicial nominees has been remarkable in these circumstances. With the overall cooperation of Senate Democrats, which partisan Republicans are loath to concede, this President has achieved record numbers of judicial confirmations. Despite the attacks of September 11 and their aftermath, as of today, the Senate will have confirmed 171 of President Bush' nominees to the Federal bench. This is more judges than were confirmed during President Reagan's entire first 4-year term. Thus, President Bush's 3-year totals rival those achieved by other Presidents in 4 years. That is also true with respect to the nearly 4 years it took for President Clinton to achieve these results following the Republicans' taking majority control of the Senate in 1994.  The 69 judges confirmed last year exceeds the number of judges confirmed during any of the 6 years from 1995 to 2000 when Republicans controlled the Senate during the Clinton Presidency, years in which there were far more vacant Federal judgeships than exist today. Among those 69 judges confirmed in 2003 were 13 circuit court judges. That exceeds the number of circuit judges confirmed during any of 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, and 2000, when a Democrat was President.  The Senate has already confirmed 30 circuit court judges nominated by President Bush. This is a greater number than were confirmed at this point in the presidencies of his father, President Clinton, or the first term of President Reagan. Vacancies on the Federal judiciary have been reduced to the lowest point in two decades and are lower than Republicans allowed at any time during the Clinton Presidency. In addition, there are more Federal judges serving on the bench today than at any time in American history.  This week, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee will hold a third hearing for circuit court nominees. Traditionally, the number of nominees who have received hearings and who are confirmed in a Presidential election year has been lower than in other years. In 1996, only four circuit court nominees by President Clinton received a hearing from the Republican Senate majority all year, and it took until July 31 to have a hearing for the third circuit court nominee. By that standard, Chairman Hatch has now moved seven times more quickly than he did for President Clinton's nominees in 1996.  In 2000, only five circuit court nominees by President Clinton received a hearing from the Republican Senate majority. Of course, two of those outstanding and well-qualified nominees in 2000 were never allowed to be considered by the committee or the Senate. By contrast, as of tomorrow we will have held hearings for three circuit court nominees. By the standard Republicans set in 1996 and 2000, we would be done for the entire year.  I congratulate the Democratic Senators on the committee for showing a spirit of cooperation and restraint in the face of a White House and Republican majority that so often has refused to consult, compromise or conciliate. I regret that our efforts have not been fairly acknowledged by partisan Republicans and that this administration continues down the path of confrontation. While there have been controversial nominees whom we have opposed as we exercise our constitutional duty of advice and consent to lifetime appointments on the Federal bench, we have done so openly and on the merits.  For the last 3 years I have urged the President to work with us. It is with deep sadness that I see that this administration still refuses to accept the Senate's shared responsibility under the Constitution and refuses to appreciate our level of cooperation and achievement.  That we are proceeding to confirm Mark Filip today is another example of extraordinary Democractic cooperation to fill vacancies in the Federal judiciary, despite the Republicans' consistent and unprecedented attacks. Unfortunately, Mark Filip is another young, Federalist Society member whose record raises concerns, just as the record of far too many of President Bush's judicial nominees.  First, Mr. Filip is only 37 years old. He has been out of law school less than 12 years and just a decade ago he was clerking across the street for Justice Scalia. Second, his record demonstrates a partisan, political background. Mr. Filip worked as a volunteer Republican election monitor in Broward County, Florida during the manual recount of ballots in the contentious 2000 election. Mr. Filip has also made several contributions to Republican candidates and political action committees. While in law school,he was vice president of the Harvard Law School Federalist Society and he authored an article entitled ``Why Learned Hand Would Never Consult Legislative History Today.'' In this article, Mr. Filip argues that legislative history should be rejected by judges because it reflects nothing more than the desires of congressional staff and lobbyists, and because it does not reflect the majority will of Congress. More important, Mr. Filip wrote that, when confronted with statutory language that would lead to an absurd result, a judge should apply his or her own reasoning rather than legislative history.  The senior Senator from Illinois met with Mr. Filip to address his background and suitability to be a Federal judge.   Senator Durbin is a thoughtful man and I respect his judgment. Senator Durbin's willingness to supply this nomination says alot. I am hopeful that Mr. Filip will be a person of his word; that he will follow the law and not seek out opportunities to overturn precedent or decide cases in accord with his private beliefs rather than his obligations as a judge. I also sincerely hope that Mr. Filip will treat all those who appear before him with respect, and will not abuse the power and trust of his position. Sometimes, we take a risk allowing a nominee to be confirmed. This is, frankly, one of those times.   Unfortunately, the Senate has taken a risk and confirmed other nominees of this President who assured the committee that they would follow precedent and would not be results-oriented. In their brief time on the bench, they have already proven to be judicial activities eager to roll back individual rights and limit the authority of Congress to protect civil rights. A number of President Bush's 30 circuit court nominees already confirmed by the Senate have written significant opinions that show their bias in favor of powerful business interests over individual Americans.   For example, Jeffrey Sutton was one of Bush's most controversial appellate court nominees to be confirmed. At the time of his nomination, his record raised serious concerns. He had aggressively pursued a national role as the leading advocate of States' rights and pushed extreme positions in order to limit the ability of Congress to act to prevent discrimination and protect civil rights. His answers to questions posed by Judiciary Committee members did not show that he would be able to put aside his years of passionate advocacy in favor of States' rights and against civil rights. After a lengthy floor debate, he was confirmed by a vote of 52-41, which was the fewest votes in favor of any judicial nominee in the last 20 years and more than enough negative votes to have sustained a filibuster.   In less than 1 year on the bench, he has already issued a dissenting opinion essentially in favor of States' rights and that would have limited Congress' authority under the Commerce Clause. In this case, decided in December, the question was whether a core function of municipal government--the provision of firefighting services--impacts interstate commerce such that an individual can be indicted under a Federal antiarson statute for destroying a fire station. The majority Sixth Circuit panel held that the fire station was used in an activity affecting interstate commerce, relying on the express language of the statute.   Judge Sutton's dissent is a remarkable opinion whose beginning evidences that he has turned his passionate advocacy into judicial activism. His opinion begins, ``Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice.'' Judge Sutton concludes that the Federal arson law only applies to buildings with an ``active employment for commercial purposes,'' thereby seeking to narrow the law significantly. His opinion forcefully states that to ``conclude otherwise is to embrace the view that even the most attenuated connections to commerce will suffice in prosecuting individuals under this statute.'' In Judge Sutton's view, arson is a local crime and the ``National Legislature'' had not clearly conveyed its purpose to regulate an area traditionally regulated by the States.  Ironically, his dissent cautions that ``Federal courts should not casually read a statute in a way that alters the Federal-State balance.'' However, he himself ignores the plain language of the statue and legislative history in his attempts to do just that--to alter the balance in a way that favors his own personal and ideological view of States' rights.  John Roberts is a second controversial nominee who, in his few months on the bench, has already displayed a preference for pursuing political and ideological goals above following precedent. Judge Roberts recently issued a troubling dissent from a decision by the full D.C. Circuit that would have indulged another request by the Bush administration to keep secret the records of Vice President Cheney's energy task force.  The case was part of a continuing effort on behalf of the Vice President to avoid compliance with numerous court orders requiring him to provide records of his meetings with the National Energy Policy Development Group. Two nonprofit organizations brought litigation claiming that the Vice President's task force had violated Federal law by not making its records public. In order to maintain the secrecy of these records, the Vice President had filed an emergency petition for a remedy that the majority noted ``is a drastic one, to be invoked only in extraordinary situations.'' The majority in the case stated that, were they to accept the Vice President's arguments, they would in effect ``have transformed executive privilege from a doctrine designed to protect Presidential communications into virtual immunity from suit'' and noted that ``the President is not `above the law,' he is subject to judicial process.''  The full D.C. Court of Appeals denied Vice President Cheney's petition for rehearing en banc. Judge Roberts dissented. He would have indulged the Vice President's desperate attempts to avoid compliance with court orders by granting a motion for rehearing, despite the fact that the D.C. Circuit's five judge majority was the fourth panel of judges to hold that these records must be made available.  A third example of a recently confirmed Bush nominee who has continued to pursue his ideological and political agenda on the bench--as many of us feared at the time of his nonimation--is Judge Dennis Shedd. Judge Shedd wrote the opinion in a ruling so hostile to organized labor that one of the most conservative judges on that court harshly stated that Shedd's opinion ``overstepped [the] boundaries of a reviewing court.''  In this case, the National Labor Relations Board and an administrative law judge found that an employer had unlawfully solicited nine of its employees to sign antiunion statements and had unlawfully withdrawn recognition of the union. Judge Shedd ignored the applicable standard of review and asserted his own view of the facts to conclude that the NLRB had erred in its determination. Approaching the case from a position hostile to organized labor, Judge Shedd ``reconstructed'' the facts of the case, and allowed an employer, who had previously been found to have used illegal tactics in order to decertify a union, to escape any responsibility. Judge Wilkinson's strong dissent highlighted the expertise of the NLRB in examining an employer's conduct and that the reviewing court's role was limited to determining whether the NLRB had taken a permissible view of the evidence.  In other cases, as many of us had feared, President Bush's circuit court nominees are already handing down decisions to roll back individual rights, civil rights and Congress' authority. Among these are:  A majority opinion by Judge Gibbons, on the Sixth Circuit, which fails to provide accommodation to a person with multiple sclerosis under the Americans with Disabilities Act;  A dissent by Judge Shedd in a bankruptcy case, which would have led to foreclosure on a family farm--a decision which the majority said ``misses the mark''; and  A dissent by Judge Rogers in a Title VII case involving illegal retaliation against an African-American employee which would have made it difficult for any employee to present their retaliation claims to a jury.  The President has claimed time and again that he seeks only to fill the bench with judges who will follow the rule of law. He claims that he ``has no litmus test'' for determining who willand will not be appointed--that he makes his decisions based on the qualifications of the candidates. Despite these statements, the President's nominees seem to have certain striking similarities. They seem to favor powerful interests over individuals. They favor States' rights over civil rights. And many of them are all loyal Federalist Society members and committed to the political agenda of the most conservative wing of the Republican Party. The Senate's constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on judicial nominations is vital in these circumstances--Federal judges must be devoted first and foremost, not to a political platform or certain parties, but to the rule of law, the Constitution, and the basic principles of fairness and justice.  If we are to allow the President to pack the courts with political party loyalists and radical right-wing ideologues, we will cease to have a Government of laws and will end up with a Government controlled by the views of a few. We would risk having a judiciary that functions as a rubber stamp for any right wing argument, policy, or political goal sought to be achieved via the courts.  Yet, despite the troubling records of so many of Bush's confirmed judges and the other disappointing developments this year, Senate Democrats have confirmed vast members of nominees who have come to the Senate floor and are today again making sure that the process of judicial appointments moves forward. Democrats have not obstructed the confirmation process for judicial and executive branch nominations as Republicans did when President Clinton was in office. Today, we proceed to confirm a judicial nominee in spite of the President's recent actions, those of Senate Republicans, and serious reservations about this nominee.  Mr. Filip's nomination was reported favorably to the Senate last October. Had the Republican leadership wanted to proceed on it, this nomination could easily have been confirmed in October, November, or December last year before the Senate adjourned. Instead, partisans chose to devote 40 hours to a talkathon on the President's most controversial and divisive nominees rather than proceed to vote on those judicial nominees with the support of the Senate. The delay in considering this nomination is the responsibility of the Republican leadership.  I congratulate Mark Filip and his family on his confirmation.  