President, I am pleased to cosponsor and strongly support the Internet Tax Nondiscrimination Act, S. 150. I thank Senator Wyden, Senator Allen, Senator McCain and others for their leadership on this legislation.  I also support Senator McCain's compromise amendment to extend for 4 years the moratorium on taxes on Internet access and multiple and discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce. In addition, the McCain amendment would safeguard fees for universal service and 9-1-1 or e-9-1-1 services and does not affect the emerging technology of Voice Over Internet Protocol, VOIP.  I urge the Senate to support electronic commerce by keeping it free from discriminatory and multiple State and local taxes and from Internet access taxes.  The Internet has changed the way we do business. Today businesses can sell their goods and services all over the world in the blink of an eye. E-commerce has created new markets, new efficiencies and new products.  The growth of electronic commerce is everywhere, including my home State of Vermont. For example, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company, which employs more than 300 Vermonters, sells online 60 percent of its bears during its two busiest times of the year--for Valentine's Day and Mother's Day. That is 60 percent of all Vermont teddy bears sold online during this busy time.  Hundreds of Vermont businesses are selling online, ranging from Al's Snowmobile Parts Warehouse to Ben & Jerry's Homemade Ice Cream. These Vermont cybersellers are of all sizes and customer bases, from Main Street merchants to boutique entrepreneurs to a couple of famous ex-hippies who make great ice cream.  What Vermont online sellers have in common is that Internet commerce allows them to erase the geographic barriers that historically limited our access to major markets. With the power of the Internet, Vermonters can sell their products and services anywhere, anytime.  Although electronic commerce is beginning to blossom, it is still in its infancy. Stability is the key to reaching its full potential, and creating out new tax categories for the Internet is exactly the wrong thing to do.  E-commerce should not be subject to new taxes that do not apply to other commerce. Indeed, without the current moratorium, there are 30,000 different jurisdictions around the country that could levy discriminatory or multiple Internet taxes on E-commerce.  Let's not allow the future of electronic commerce--with its great potential to expand the markets of Main Street businesses--to be crushed by the weight of discriminatory or multiple taxes.  I also believe that extending the bar on Internet access taxes will help Vermonters end the digital divide and help Vermonters compete for better jobs. Recently, the University of Vermont released a study that found only 39 percent of Vermonters who earning less than $20,000 a year have a personal computer, while 67 percent of Vermonters who earn more than $35,000 a year own a personal computer. And 92 percent of Vermonters who do own a computer are connected to the Internet. We have to close this digital dividefor Vermonters to have the skills for the good-paying jobs of the 21st century.  We need to bar Internet access taxes and multiple or discriminatory taxes on goods and services sold over the Internet to provide the stability necessary for electronic commerce to flourish, and to close the digital divide for all Americans.  