President, a little more than a month ago we were able to obtain a firm commitment from the White House that there would be no further judicial recess appointments for the remainder of this presidential term. That undertaking led immediately and directly to the Senate vitiating a cloture vote and proceeding to confirm a district court nominee from Florida. Since that time I have been urging the Republican leadership to schedule consideration and votes on the other two dozen nominees to be considered. They started slowly but last week we were able to confirm nine of the judicial nominees. Today we will act on several more.  It is unfortunate that the Republican leadership did not schedule the debate that they know will be required before a vote on the Holmes nomination. There remains no Democratic hold on that nomination. The problem has been the failure of the Republican leadership to build that debate into the Senate schedule.  I am working with the Democratic leader and all Senators to complete action on all the other judicial nominees subject to the understanding. In order to accommodate Senators, we will proceed with some of the nominees by voice vote.  The facts are that Senate Democrats have been much more cooperative with this President than Republicans were when President Clinton was in the White House. Democrats in this Senate have shown great restraint and extensive cooperation in the confirmation of nearly 200 of this President's judicial nominations. We have reduced circuit court vacancies to the lowest level since the Republican Senate leadership irresponsibly doubled those vacancies in the years 1995 through 2001. We have already reduced overall Federal court vacancies to the lowest levels in 14 years, and after today we may hit a level of vacancies achieved only once in the last 20 years with less than 30.  Today we consider William Duane Benton, the fifth of President Bush's nominees to a circuit court we will have confirmed this year. This should be contrasted with the number of circuit court nominees confirmed in the 1996 session, the last year of President Clinton's first term. That session not a single circuit court nominee was permitted by the Republican majority to proceed to confirmation, not one. That year only 17 judges were allowed to be confirmed and all were to district court vacancies.  Judge Benton, who currently serves on the Supreme Court of Missouri, is an example of the sort of nominee that President Bush ought to send for the appellate courts. He has a reputation as a conservative, but fair-minded judge. As an attorney he had experience in a variety of areas of law, and on the State Supreme Court he has handled complex criminal and civil cases. He has written a number of excellent opinions, laying out the facts and the law with no hint of any personal bias. Judge Benton shows a willingness to listen to all litigants and to be fair.  I was especially struck by his fairness in death penalty cases. Far too often judges, especially elected judges, yield to the pressure of those who would sacrifice important constitutional principles in capital cases. As I look at his record, I see that of the 21 published opinions Judge Benton has written in death penalty cases, he has affirmed 12 and reversed nine. I think it is telling that he is willing to see beyond what are always terrible facts in these cases to ensure that justice and important constitutional safeguards are preserved.  I hope that my praise for his work in death penalty cases will not hurt Judge Benton's chances for confirmation. I remember not so long ago when another judge on the Supreme Court of Missouri, now-Chief Justice Ronnie White, was before the Senate as a nominee to a seat on the Federal bench. Sadly, Judge White's willingness to uphold the Constitution and ensure fair process in death penalty cases led to his being defeated by an unprecedented party-line vote of Republican Senators. His record was twisted and distorted for purposes of partisan politics.  Judge White was twice nominated by President Clinton to fill a seat on the U.S. District Court. The Judiciary Committee held two hearings on his nomination. Judge White was introduced enthusiastically by Senator Bond, and after each of these hearings the committee voted favorably to report his nomination to the full Senate. Despite this bipartisan support, however, his nomination was delayed for months and then years. When the time finally came for a vote on the Senate floor, Judge White was ambushed, and he was rejected in a party-line vote during which Republicans who had supported his nomination previously reversed position to scuttle it before the Senate.  The biggest distortions of Judge White's record were in death penaltycases. His record on the whole compares favorably to Judge Benton's. According to testimony at Attorney General Ashcroft's confirmation hearing, Judge White voted to affirm the death penalty in 69 percent of the cases he heard. Looking just at the opinions Judge Benton has authored, we see him writing to affirm the death penalty 58 percent of the time. If we factor in cases in which he did not write the opinion but voted to affirm a capital sentence, I am sure the percentage is higher, and approaches Judge White's record.  For opposing a capital sentence in dissent in a small minority of the cases he heard, Judge White was vilified. Then-Senator Ashcroft took to the Senate floor and pointed to Judge White's record in death penalty cases as evidence that he was ``pro-criminal,'' further describing Ronnie White as a judge, ``with a tremendous bent toward criminal activity or with a bent toward excusing or providing second chances or opportunities for those who have been accused in those situations.'' These were outrageous things to say about a man who had devoted his life to the law, who had served many years on the State's highest court, and who had voted to reverse a small number of death sentences in order to preserve the integrity of the Constitution. When Judge White came to testify at Attorney General Ashcroft's confirmation hearing, Senator Specter offered him an apology for the way in which he was treated.  I mention all of this, as I said, because it provides such a stark contrast to the treatment that Judge Benton has gotten throughout his confirmation process. I doubt anyone will look at the nine cases in which he wrote to reverse a death penalty--50 percent more cases than those Judge White voted to reverse--and accuse him of being ``pro-criminal''. I will be surprised if, because he has found reversible error in the imposition of nine different death sentences, each one involving terrible crimes and horrific facts, any Member of this Senate will accuse him of having a ``tremendous bent toward criminal activity.'' I will be shocked if, because he exercised his best judgment and followed the law as he understood it, he will be vilified and humiliated in a sneak attack in the manner that Judge Ronnie White was treated.  Of course, none of that should happen to Judge Benton, just as none of that should have happened to Judge White. I hope that one day Judge White's name can come back before the Senate and that he can be treated with the integrity and respect he deserves, just as we treat Judge Benton. I will vote in favor of Judge Benton's confirmation.  