The resolution encourages States to join the 106th and 108th Congresses in passing legislation to combat human trafficking.  We cannot know with any certainty how many people are trafficked, but some experts estimate that nearly a million people worldwide every year are bought, sold, or trafficked, with about 16,000 of those people trafficked to the United States. These people are forced into involuntary servitude or, often, prostitution. Until recently, this issue was not a priority for governments around the world, but we are seeing signs of change, some prompted by our passage in 2000 of the bipartisan Trafficking Victims Protection Act, (TVPA) and last year's reauthorization of that law.  In 2000, I served on the conference committee for the TVPA, which passed in the House and Senate by overwhelming margins and was signed by President Clinton, whose Justice Department was intimately involved in the legislative process. This bill--on which our late colleague Senator Wellstone worked so tirelessly--signaled a bipartisan congressional commitment to the prosecution of traffickers and the protection of their victims. I am proud to have played a role in creating the law, and in reauthorizing it.  In forging the TVPA, Senators Wellstone and Brownback, and Congressmen Christopher Smith and Gejdensen, sought both to eliminate trafficking at home and to make combating trafficking and slavery a foreign policy priority. We are seeing signs of progress in this area, and I believe we will see even more if States become more involved in this issue.  Combating trafficking has been a bipartisan issue. Senators and Representatives who are otherwise ideological opposites have worked together closely on anti-trafficking legislation, and the Justice Departments under both President Clinton and Bush have made it a priority to prosecute those who would deprive others of their most basic liberties. This resolution, too, provides an example of Senators from both sides of the aisle working together to further the cause of eliminating trafficking by punishing its perpetrators. I urge the Senate to pass it today.  