President, when the Senate concludes its business in the coming days, the congressional career of a remarkable man will come to an end. After 26 years of representing South Dakotans as their voice in Washington, Senator Daschle will be leaving the Senate.  His story is a classic one. As a young man from Aberdeen, SD, Tom Daschle graduated from South Dakota State University and immediately began 3 years of service in the Air Force of the United States. After his service, he got an early introduction to Washington as he went to work for Senator Abourezk, eventually returning to South Dakota to work out of the Senator's state offices.  Tom was elected to Congress in 1978 and went on to serve four terms in the House of Representatives before being elected in 1986 to the Senate.  After the resignation of George Mitchell in 1994, Senator Daschle won a very tight race for minority leader. I was proud to have supported him at that time. 1994 was a difficult year for our party and we had some serious soul searching to do. Tom displayed the strong leadership that was necessary to take Democrats in the Senate forward. That is why, after that first tight election for leader, he was reelected unanimously as leader each time thereafter. He has always been a man who radiates optimism and hope, making him an excellent face for our party.  I have known Tom since he first came to this body in 1986. I closely followed his Senate race against James Abdnor, and I was impressed by him. A few days after Tom won that race, he and his wife Linda joined my family in Vermont for Thanksgiving dinner. When they came to the farm, my mother said to me, ``That is the nicestyoung man I ever met.'' Well, she was right. Tom is a man of deep resolve and strong character.  The Nation saw that character exhibited in the days following September 11. Senator Daschle showed the country the importance of setting labels aside when he publicly embraced President Bush. In the face of that terrible tragedy, America united behind our leadership.  Only a few short weeks later, Senator Daschle and I were both targets of anthrax attacks--some of which killed several people--in letters addressed to the two of us. I know that the attacks brought home the reality of terrorism to both of us, but also to the Senate community as a whole.  In the ensuing years, Senator Daschle continued to show resolute leadership in the Senate, routinely reaching across the aisle even when those on the other side of the aisle were at their most partisan.  On more than a few occasions, Senator Daschle and I have joined together to work on a variety of national legislative efforts. Together, we advocated for expanded benefits for members of the National Guard and Reserve. Senator Daschle has shown courage and resolve in holding the line against the President's most objectionable judicial nominations. We worked together on tort reform, combating corporate crime, and efforts to help off-duty police protect Americans. Those are just a few of the initiatives on which we collaborated.  But during that time, he has also been a strong voice for South Dakota on those issues important to his constituents. He has fought for improved health and education for Indians. He has led efforts to expand health services in rural areas and to prevent companies from canceling retiree benefits without notice. He is well known as a champion for ranchers and farmers in South Dakota. In fact, he made sure their voices were always heard. He worked to ensure they had drought aid, but also he worked to do what a true South Dakotan would do: He wanted to make sure they could compete on a level playing field.  Despite a well-run campaign and putting forth his best effort, Senator Daschle was not reelected to the Senate this fall. The morning after election day, he gave a speech before his supporters in Sioux Falls. He finished that speech by recalling two memories. The first was of a magnificent Washington skyline sunset he witnessed one fall afternoon leaving his office in the Capitol. The second was watching the Sun rise at Mount Rushmore with his family, and the warm, sweet optimistic feeling inspired by that sunrise. Tom said that, seeing both, he likes sunrises better. I agree. For the past 18 years with each daily sunrise, he sought to bring hope and optimism to this body. He has worked to better his State and his country, to ensure our children and grandchildren have a brighter world in which to live. He is a remarkable friend and colleague, and I thank him for his service to this institution.  If I can be very personal, in my 30 years in the Senate, I have not known a more honest and more decent Senator than Tom Daschle. I believe that part of our Senate fabric and our Senate conscience leaves with this special person.  Mr. President, I see others seeking recognition. I yield the floor.  