President, I rise today to oppose the budget resolution that the Senate is voting on today. We have been presented a fiscally irresponsible budget that calls for record budget deficits and deep cuts in programs for education, first responders, veterans, and the environment. I find it difficult to pin point exactly how this budget benefits the hard working Americans who are being asked to pay for this reckless fiscal plan.  This budget plan does nothing to address the growing Federal debt that we are preparing to pass onto our children and grandchildren. In fact, this budget calls for a record $477 billion deficit this year, on top of the record $450 billion deficit last year. We have a responsibility to bring accountability back to the budget process. The $1.7 trillion in tax cuts that we have enacted over the past three years have not fulfilled any of their promise--they have not done anything to curb our growing economic problems; they have not continued the budget surpluses we reached under the previous administration; and they have not restored confidence in the fiscal decisions of our Government.  Perhaps even more disturbing, this budget fails to reflect the spending realities that face our country in the coming years. The endemic long-term deficits forecast in this budget will significantly add to the Federal debt that is expected to top $15 trillion by 2014. This five-year budget plan also contains no funds for our continuing commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan. The costs for these operations are so excessive--an estimated $280 billion over ten years--that including them in the budget would produce an unfathomably large national budget. Where will the money come from for future requests? The hope to cut the deficit continues to move farther and farther from reality.  Once again, this Congress is poised to enact a fiscally irresponsible budgetplan offered by this administration. Time after time the President and many of my Republican colleagues have shown that they do not care about the long-term effects his policies have on our financial future. After record budget surpluses during the final years of the Clinton administration, the Bush administration has sent Congress three budgets in a row that have turned record surpluses into record deficits. The President's own budget predictions call for the Government to be a record $521 billion in the hole in 2004. This budget resolution is full of red ink for as far as the eye can see. With the retirement of the first of the baby boom generation just four years away, we can no longer afford to continue on the President's path of fiscal irresponsibility.  