President, 4 years ago, I worked with Senators Sessions and DeWine to pass the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act, MEJA, which established Federal jurisdiction over crimes committed by civilians employed by, or accompanying, our military overseas. The Sessions-Schumer amendment further extends the jurisdictional authority we created in MEJA by closing a possible jurisdictional gap that could allow persons who commit crimes while accompanying our military overseas to escape justice. I support this amendment, and am pleased that the Senate has adopted it today. In addition, I thank the sponsors for accepting my addition to their amendment, which closes a similar jurisdictional loophole in Federal law.  Attorney General Ashcroft referred to this loophole last week, during his annual appearance before the Senate Judiciary Committee, while attempting to defend the Administration's position on torture. Interestingly, this loophole was created by legislative language that was proposed by the Department of Justice as a means of broadening, not shrinking, Federal criminal jurisdiction. This language, enacted as part of the USA PATRIOT Act, redefined the ``special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States'' to include U.S. military bases and other U.S. Government properties in foreign States. The administration's summary of its proposal explained that it would ``extend'' Federal jurisdiction to ensure that crimes committed by or against U.S. nationals abroad on U.S. Government property did not go unpunished.  Unfortunately, the administration drafters of this proposal neglected to mention to Congress how it would impact on the Federal anti-torture statute. That statute prohibits torture committed ``outside the United States'' by persons acting under color of law, and defines the term ``United States'' to include the ``special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States.'' By extending the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, the PATRIOT Act effectively narrowed the reach of the anti-torture statute. Post-PATRIOT Act, the anti-torture statute may not allow for the prosecution of an individual who commits torture on a U.S. military base outside the United States.  My addition to the Sessions-Schumer amendment corrects this problem in a simple and straightforward way. It extends the anti-torture statute to apply, without exception, to acts committed outside the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the commonwealths, territories, and possessions of the United States.  It may be that we should go further. Arguably, the anti-torture statute should be extended to apply anywhere in the world--both inside and outside the United States. I would welcome the views of the Department of Justice on this question. In the meantime, there are other Federal statutes that prohibit violence or excessive force by those acting under color of law within our borders.  Torture is one of the most serious crimes imaginable. I can think of no reason why the Federal Government should create safe havens for torturers anywhere in the world. To the contrary, we should use every means available to track them down and bring them to justice. The language that I have proposed, and that the Senate has accepted, will assist the Justice Department in doing just that.  