  Here in Congress, we should be working to help moms back in Washington State and across the country. Unfortunately, instead of looking for ways to support women, President Trump has been pushing an ideological agenda that undermines their health, reproductive rights and freedoms, and economic security.  When it comes to healthcare, President Trump is working to sabotage the care moms and their families rely on. He changed Federal rules to let insurance companies sell junk coverage that does not cover maternity care, and he is arguing in court to strike down protections for women and people with preexisting conditions in all plans insurers sell.  Instead of supporting the Title X Family Planning Program, which has a history of bipartisan support and a tremendous track record helping women get critical, low-cost family planning and preventive healthcare services, President Trump is chipping away at it and working to strip title X grants from Planned Parenthood, which serves tens of thousands of women in my home State of Washington each year and millions more nationwide, including mothers like Shannon.  Shannon first went to Planned Parenthood when she was 18 for what turned out to be endometriosis. It is a condition that causes severe menstrual pain and can affect fertility. Thanks to the treatment she received at Planned Parenthood, today Shannon is managing her chronic pain and raising an adorable little girl.  When I was in Seattle a few weeks ago, another constituent, Cindy, shared how a routine screening at Planned Parenthood saved her life by detecting cancer early on and giving her the head start she needed to beat it. Today Cindy is not just a survivor; she is a mother because she was able to get pregnant after she went into remission.  We should be supporting providers that help women like them get the care they need, not burdening them with restrictions designed to force out Planned Parenthood or gag clauses that prevent providers from even discussing a patient's right to a safe, legal abortion. Moms deserve better.  Unfortunately President Trump's attacks on women's reproductive rights go well beyond his changes to the title X program. Since day one, he has been working to jam our courts full of far-right judges to appease extreme Republicans who want to see Roe v. Wade struck down. When President Trump nominated Justice Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, we heard from women and men across the country, concerned about what his confirmation would mean. Countless women shared their personal stories about what life was like before Roe v. Wade and what the right to get a safe, legal abortion has meant to their families.  So while Republicans continue to press ahead with extreme, harmful legislation--like the bill that was just passed in Georgia--and President Trump continues to tell outright lies meant to demonize women and their healthcare providers, people are going to continue calling out those lies, calling out the attempts to turn back the clock, and standing in solidarity with women across the country.  President Trump's harmful attacks on women's healthcare are hardly the only time he has ignored how his policies would hurt women and their families. He has also cruelly and unnecessarily separated hundreds of migrant parents and their children. Yolany is amother who is being detained in Tacoma, WA, while her 6-year-old son has been sent all the way across the country to New York. According to media reports, they were kept apart for almost 2 months before they were reunited. 