 He is a dedicated public servant to the people of Georgia and is a dear friend of mine here in the Senate. I am pretty sure every single person here in the U.S. Senate building would say the same.  I have had the good fortune to have been office neighbors with Senator Isakson for several years now, and like any good neighbor, Senator Isakson has made it very clear that his door is always open whenever I need someone to help work out a problem, to swap stories, or to just share a laugh. Over the years, in working together and in walking together to the Senate floor, we have managed to take a lot of steps to help the families and the veterans back in our States and across the country.  I remember back when Senator Alexander and I were working to replace No Child Left Behind, and I kept telling him that early childhood education just had to be a part of this. After I pushed and pushed and pushed, Senator Alexander finally said to me: OK. Go talk with Johnny. If you two can work something out, I will accept it in the committee.  I knew right then and there that we were in business because I knew Senator Isakson was someone who really cared about early childhood education and who also knew how to work with people across the aisle. He understands not everyone is going to have the same ideas, but he listens to other people. He respects their views, and he works so hard to find common ground so as to pass something that can actually help our families, and that is exactly what happened there. When the Every Student Succeeds Act was signed into law, it included a strong focus on early childhood education, thanks to the efforts of Johnny Isakson, and I so appreciate that.  It is also exactly what happened when I worked with Senator Isakson to pass support for military caregivers. Throughout that process, every time there was something that tried to derail it, Senator Isakson was right there, working with me to get things back on track, because he understood it was not about politics; it was about people. It was about the spouses and the family members who stepped up to make sure our servicemembers had the support they needed no matter what.  That is something that has been clear on every issue Senator Isakson has worked on. He has always known the people behind the words of legislation. He has always understood how personal the work is that we do here for our families back home.  That has possibly never been clearer than it was last year when we workedon legislation in the HELP Committee to respond to the opioid epidemic. Senator Isakson spoke up throughout that process about the loss of his own grandson, a victim of the opioid crisis. He shared his family's story in the hope it would help other families who struggle with the disease of addiction so that they would seek and find help.  I have no doubt that, because of your work, they did.  As usual, the bill that we passed was stronger thanks to Senator Isakson's efforts and thanks to the perspective he brought that always kept families top of mind.  Now, of course, Senator Isakson hasn't just brought an important perspective to the Senate but a distinctive voice. A few years ago, we worked together to update our country's workforce training programs. The bill that we passed represented years--and I mean years--of bipartisan effort and was an important step forward for workers in our country.  I remember heading back to our offices after the bill passed. I said how excited I was to finally get this done, and Senator Isakson said:       Me, too. I was grinning like a mule eating Breyers.  Well, we don't have charming phrases like that in the State of Washington, so I am certainly going to miss those. Yet colorful sayings aren't the only reason Senator Isakson's words have always been so notable.  The real reason is, when Johnny Isakson gives you his word, you know he is going to keep it. Some people will say something to you just to get you out of the way or it is said without their really meaning it. Senator Isakson never did that. When he said, ``I am going to get this done,'' you knew it would get done. Just as he kept his word to me so many times, I think it is safe to say, as he leaves the Senate, that he kept his word to the people of Georgia.  His No. 1 priority has never been to get the most coverage on Sunday talk shows or to start political fights. Instead, his legacy will be that when he came into these halls every day, he came in with the people of Georgia in his head and in his heart and that he did the absolute best he could do, each day, to make their lives better.  I am so grateful I have been able to work with him throughout our time together here in the Senate, and I know so many families are grateful, as well, for the tremendous work he has accomplished. I am going to miss having a friend like Johnny Isakson across the aisle and down the hall from me.  Johnny, as you head home to Dianne and your family and the State that you love so much and the State that you have done so much for, I hope, when you think back on all of the work you have done, you will still grin like a mule eating Breyers. Thank you so much.  I yield the floor.  