  I am in support of the conference report to accompany H.R. 3, the surface transportation reauthorization bill. This is a bill, that Senator Sarbanes and I have been working on in the Banking Committee for over 3 years now, and I look forward to seeing it signed into law.  It has taken 12 extensions of TEA-21 to reach agreement on this bill. It is time to get this bill completed and furnish States with resources for needed transportation infrastructure and implement these important policy improvements.  The transportation bill has many important components which I am proud to stand here today and support. I am especially proud of Title 3, the Public Transportation Title. I extend my personal thanks to Senator Sarbanes, the ranking member of the Banking Committee, for all the work he has done to help craft our committee's approach to strengthening public transportation, both in terms of funding and policy.  I would also like to thank Senator Allard and Senator Reed, chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Housing and Transportation, and Senator Johnson who also served as a conferee. This bill was truly a bipartisan, collaborative effort. I am very proud of what we have been able to accomplish.  In this bill, we have increased the ability of States to use money flexibly. We made new and innovative technology, like bus rapid transit, eligible for significant Federal investment for the first time. This is a promising new cost-effective approach to transportation that has real promise in this country. Also, we increased accountability for the Federal investment in public transportation through several new mechanisms. A contractor performance assessment report will provide real data on transit industry performance and will enable transit agencies to have an opportunity to assess the quality of cost and ridership estimates for their high-dollar investments.  I am a big believer in positive reinforcement and I included several provisions in the bill to reward transit agencies for delivering projects that are on-time and on budget. One of those provisions will, for the first time, allow transit agencies an opportunity to keep a portion of their under-run in new starts projects or would give them the chance for a more generous share if they deliver the projects they promise to their communities.  Another accomplishment here of which I proud is the extent to which we have been able to extend the benefits of public transportation to some of the people who need it most, for example, in rural areas. For many years, the prevailing view--a wrong view in my mind--was that public transportation was only valuable in very urbanized cities.  In some rural parts of our country, long distances separate people from critical infrastructure. Many of these people are elderly or do not have access to a car. Connecting these people to critical infrastructure is one of the most valuable services public transportation can provide.  These are just a few of the several important advancements this bill makes over current law. This is a bill I am proud of and I want to acknowledge some people who have been critical to putting this bill together and making it a successful piece of legislation with broad bipartisan support.  Me and my staff were very lucky to have one of the best resources that the Banking Committee could have during this process. The Federal Transit Administration loaned the committee one of their finest people: Rich Steinmann. Rich is an extremely knowledgeable, competent professional and his experience is widely respected on both sides of the aisle and in both chambers of the Congress. We are indebted to him for his time and work on this bill. Additionally, I want to thank Sherry Little and John East of the Banking Committee staff. I think everyone would agree that this was a tough process on members and staff alike. Finally, I want to thank some additional staff who had a critical role in putting this challenging bill together: Sarah Kline, Aaron Klein, Tewana Wilkerson, and Neil Campbell. Thank you for your work on this.  I am proud of this bill and I look forward to seeing it signed into law.  