 President, I rise today to speak on amendment No. 1205 on which we will soon be voting. This is an amendment I offered yesterday to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. I am joined by several cosponsors, including the ranking member on the Banking Committee, Senator Sarbanes, and also Senator Reed and many others.  As chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, which has jurisdiction over transit security, I can tell you that the committee has a long history of interest in this issue, and many of my colleagues on the Banking Committee join me in supporting this amendment.  This issue has been on our radar screen for some time. In fact, last year, the Banking Committee reported the Public Transportation Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004. The Senate passed it unanimously. This was a thoughtfully considered bill, written with significant input from the industry and terrorism experts alike. The amendment I am here to speak on today is consistent with that Senate-passed authorization bill.  The amendment before us provides $1.166 billion for public transportation security. This provides $790 million for capital improvement grants, $333 million for operating grants, and $43 million in research. I am the first to admit this is a large sum and that we must balance our spending on public transportation with other priorities to defend our homeland. I am more than willing to work with Chairman Gregg to identify appropriate ways to do that.  It is difficult for us to predict where terrorists will strike next, but in order to help prevent or mitigate the severity of attacks, I believe we need to focus on transit security and make some wise and careful investments in this area. To the extent it is possible, I think we must guard against what the world witnessed last week in London and what we have seen in Spain, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Russia, and other countries.  When the GAO surveyed the transportation security needs of eight transportation agencies in 2002, the GAO estimated these eight alone will need $700 million in order to make basic security enhancements.  In this Nation, there are 6,000 transportation agencies. The needs are significant. Americans are proud of being an open society with many freedoms, but, unfortunately, it makes us potentially vulnerable. We built many of our subway stations and rail and bus stations in ways which we now realize in a post-9/11 world need some extra reinforcement. The funding in this amendment provides that first step. It is a good first start, and that it is a necessity I do not believe is in question.  The funding made available by this amendment is broken down into three components: No. 1, capital; No. 2, operating; and No. 3, research. The money will provide transportation providers with the ability to provide basic security enhancements. With this amendment, we can build fences so that intruders cannot enter tunnels or plant bombs by walking up to the tracks. We can purchase surveillance equipment in and around transportation centers, which is how the British have been able to find who carried out last week's attacks. The British, I have been told, have over 5,000 surveillance cameras, and they are working. We have very few.  We can provide communications equipment to help passengers, transportation officials, and first responders in the event of an emergency. We can fund fire suppression and decontamination equipment and redundant critical operations control systems, such as a backup computer system so that one well-placed bomb cannot shut down an entire system. As well, this would fund emergency response equipment--which could save hundreds of lives in a terrorist incident--and evacuation improvements, such as emergency routes or escape route signs. Additionally, the amendment would provide money to train and help deploy canine units which can contribute immensely to improved security.  The amendment before us also would provide funding for transportation agencies to carry out drills so they will be better prepared in case of a terrorist attack. It is one thing to know how the plan works on paper, but quite another to see how the plan works in practice.  Finally, the amendment also provides funding for critically important research in determining ways of detecting chemical, biological, or radiological weapons in ways that do not interfere with the ease of passengers using transportation systems. This is one of the greatest obstacles toward providing better security in typical commuter transportation environments.  I seriously believe we must provide resources toward mitigating these security threats, and we must do so as soon as possible.  As I mentioned yesterday on the floor, as an appropriations subcommittee chairman myself, I can certainly appreciate the challenge Senator Gregg, the chairman of the subcommittee, faces as he attempts to address the multitude of security challenges in this appropriations bill. Attempting to find the balance is important and, in the end, we could have infinite resources to spend and still not be totally protected. We know this.  I look forward to working with Chairman Gregg and other Members of the Senate. I commend this amendment to my colleagues and ask for their support a little later this afternoon.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  