 President, I will try to be brief. We are getting toward the end.  I am pleased we have completed consideration of this 2006 Commerce-Justice-Science appropriations bill. This is not an easy bill, as everyone knows. With such broad jurisdiction, this bill attracts a lot of attention--sometimes too much--on the Senate floor and throughout the process.  It is our job--Senator Mikulski's and mine, with the help of leadership on both sides--to ensure the bill addresses my colleagues' concerns and effectively supports the operations of its Federal agencies. We have tried to do this. I think we have.  I thank my colleagues for understanding this and for working with us to ensure the viability of this bill, both here in the Senate and in conference.  I believe overall this is a good bill. It reflects the priorities of this body, and it addresses the needs of the Nation. Some needs are now more urgent than others, as we know in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, and we have and will continue to make adjustments in the Small Business Disaster Loan Program, the Economic Development Administration's Public Works Grants, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's hurricane-related programs.  We will take this bill to the House of Representatives in conference. We have only a short time left in the year, as the leader keeps telling us. We will do our best to get a conference report to the President as soon as we can.  I also offer my thanks to the distinguished Senator from Maryland, Ms. Mikulski, for all of her work and the work of her staff. We have worked together for years. Without us working together in a bipartisan spirit, we would not be where we are today. She and her staff have worked with our side of the aisle in a truly bipartisan manner, and it is reflected in the bill.  I also thank Senator Cochran, chairman of the full committee, for all of his work and advice. It has been appreciated. I also thank the leaders, Senators Frist and Reid, and the floor staff, especially Dave Schiappa, Bill Hoagland, and my staffer, Katherine Hennessey, and others. They did an excellent job helping us move this bill along, and we are in their debt.  I thank the Chair.  