 President, I rise today in support of S. 467, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Extension Act of 2005, introduced by my colleagues on the Banking Committee, Senators Dodd and Bennett and reported out unanimously by the Banking Committee.  In the wake of the events of September 11, Congress passed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, also known as ``TRIA.'' The law was intended to ensure the continued availability and affordability of property and casualty insurance for terrorism risk, and to provide for a transitional period to allow private markets to stabilize.  At this point in time, it seems that this program has largely achieved both of its stated objectives. Over the last 3 years, the property and casualty insurance market has rebounded and is now far more profitable and competitive. Indeed, despite the enormous losses incurred as a result of the hurricanes, insurer capital has grown tremendously and now greatly exceeds pre-September 11 levels.  While the private insurance markets have made tremendous strides during the course of the TRIA program, however, the private insurance marketplace has not yet entirely stabilized.  As a result, without some form of backstop, it is very likely that there would be gaps in some terrorism insurance coverage.  S. 467 extends the TRIA program and addresses this market dysfunction. Additionally and importantly, it also recognizes the positive developments in the insurance markets and contains reforms to the original law intended to require more private sector responsibility and to facilitate further recovery in the insurance markets. It strikes the proper balance between ensuring that terrorism insurance remains available and affordable, while also protecting the American taxpayer.  I note that I did not support enactment of TRIA when it was first considered 4 years ago. My reservations were based on concerns about the Government intruding into private markets. While my concerns are not entirely diminished, I believe that the Banking Committee has produced a responsible, targeted product that will help the marketplace smoothly transition to efficient function.  This bill, this bipartisan compromise package, could never have been achieved without the cooperation and commitment of the members of the Banking Committee. Specifically, I commend Senators Dodd and Bennett, the original cosponsors of this bill, for their leadership, their effort and their willingness to work together. I also thank Senator Sarbanes, who, in his usual manner, was extremely helpful to achieving this result.  Additionally, I thank the various staffers whose hard work behind the scenes helped get this bill done. Particularly, I want to commend the efforts of Alex Sternhell from Senator Dodd's staff, Sarah Kline and Steve Harris from Senator Sarbanes's staff, Mike Nielsen from Senator Bennett's staff, and Jim Johnson, Andrew Olmem, Mark Oesterle and Kathy Casey from my staff.  