 President, I appreciate the importance of ensuring that the gulf region has all of the resources necessary to fully recover. My home State of Alabama was directly affected by Hurricane Katrina, perhaps not to the extent of a lot of areas in Mississippi and Louisiana, but still affected. So I can safely say I have more than a passing interest in ensuring that all response and recovery missions are fully funded here in the Senate.  In the last few weeks, I have spent considerable time viewing the damage in the region, in Alabama and Mississippi. I plan to go to Louisiana this weekend. While I believe it is critical the Congress act swiftly to ensure emergency funding is available for hurricane-related recovery efforts, I do not believe the Commerce-Justice-Science bill, which is before the Senate now, is the appropriate place to do that.  I believe it will be some time before we have a true understanding of the actual damages and recovery needs in the region. We have already acted, and we will continue to act in the Senate on both sides of the aisle to make sure the victims have everything they need to be made whole, to be back on their feet, make no mistake about it.  But I believe it is important we maintain our current track and allow the recovery effort to continue, step by step, which it is doing. The funding we approved last week will allow the effort to move forward. I believe we must monitor that effort closely to ensure we have the necessary resources we keep talking about. At the same time, I believe we must allow the damage assessments to move forward to truly address the needs of those in the gulf region, including my people in Alabama, the people in Mississippi, and the people in Louisiana.  Adding emergency funding to a regular spending bill, such as this CJS bill, frankly, is not the way I believe we should do business. We need to approach the hurricane funding needs in a coordinated manner--I believe we have been doing a lot of this--not in an ad hoc way, throwing add-ons on a bill that is not even the main disaster recovery bill.  I am going to be standing on the floor making sure, the best I can, we pass the necessary funding for these victims, including, as I said, the people of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama, you can be sure of that, but not on this bill today.  