 President, I rise today with a heavy heart to pay tribute to the passing of my good friend, our former colleague, Senator Howell Heflin.  Judge Heflin, as we often called him, was a stalwart in the Senate, devoted to improving my State of Alabama and the Nation with each decision he made and I believe every vote he cast.  When I first entered the Senate in 1987, Judge Heflin was the senior Senator from my State of Alabama. I considered him a good friend and colleague over the 18 years he served here. I always appreciated his humor and his solid values. I believe he will be remembered as one of Alabama's most respected politicians.  Judge Heflin was a strong voice for Alabama in the Senate. He served as chairman of the Senate Ethics Committee and as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. He worked to ensure that Alabama was indeed well represented in this body.  He was deeply devoted to his job, and, as we know, often spent dinners out that were meant to be time off as an opportunity to help his constituents who happened to be at the same restaurant.  Howell Heflin was born June 19, 1921, in Poulan, GA, to Reverend Marvin Rutledge Heflin and Louise Strudwick Heflin. He graduated from Colbert County High School in Leighton, AL, and Birmingham Southern College in Birmingham, AL.  Following his graduation from Birmingham Southern College in 1942, Judge Heflin enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps. His military service during World War II took him to the Pacific Theater, where he was wounded twice and awarded the Silver Star for bravery. He was also awarded two Purple Hearts.  Upon his return from World War II, he attended the University of Alabama School of Law and was admitted to the Alabama State Bar in 1948. From 1948 to 1971, Judge Heflin was an attorney in Tuscumbia, AL.  He was elected as the chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 1970. He was well known for his efforts to modernize Alabama's legal system. It was because of his profound work as chief justice that he became affectionately known as ``The Judge'' even after he became a Senator. He was elected first to the Senate in 1978, and was reelected to two more terms, for a total of 18 years of service--three terms--in the Senate.  In 1997, he left public life and returned home to Tuscumbia, AL, to enjoy time with his family.  Howell Thomas Heflin led a full life. Each chapter of his life--as a war hero, a jurist, and a public servant--was completed with great fervor and devotion. He did nothing halfway, and everyone who knew him recognized and appreciated that.  