 President, I would like to begin by thanking Senator Mikulski, the distinguished ranking member of this subcommittee. The Senator from Maryland and I have worked in a bipartisan manner to produce the bill that is now before the Senate.  I thank Chairman Wolf and Congressman Mollohan. They have worked with us to resolve some considerable differences in our two bills, and I commend them for their efforts.  Finally, I thank Chairman Cochran, the chairman of the full Appropriations Committee.  The bill before us today is the conference report for H.R. 2862, the Science, State, Justice and Commerce appropriations bill. Overall, this is a very good bill. Make no mistake, this was a lean year, a very lean year. The subcommittee's 302(b) allocation did not account for several sizeable programs which were proposed for termination in the administration's budget, which this subcommittee restored.  In the Senate, the subcommittee that I chair is called the Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, CJS, Appropriations Subcommittee. The Senate CJS Subcommittee no longer has jurisdiction over the operations budget of the State Department, which has been merged with the Foreign Operations Subcommittee. Under a previous arrangement, however, the State Department is being considered under the House framework, therefore the bill before the Senate is the Science, State, Justice and Commerce Appropriations conference report.  The bill that we are considering today provides a total of $61.8 billion in budget authority to agencies under the bill's jurisdiction, including the State Department. For those agencies under the Senate subcommittee's jurisdiction--the Departments of Commerce and Justice, NASA, NSF, and others--approximately $52.2 billion in budget authority is provided.  The bill includes an increase of just over $1 billion above the budget request for the Department of Justice. The bulk of this increase is due to the restoration of many of the proposed cuts to State and local law enforcement grant programs.  The bill provides $6.5 million for the Department of Commerce. Several programs within the Department of Commerce were proposed for termination in the President's fiscal year 2006 budget. This bill restores funding for these programs, among them the Economic Development Administration and the Public Telecommunications Facilities, Planning and Construction grants.  The bill provides increases for NASA to move forward with the vision the President has proposed, while fulfilling our commitments to important existing programs.  At a time when there are so many demands being made on scarce Federal dollars, difficult decisions had to be made. We have tried to address the priorities that so many of our colleagues brought to our attention. Though we were able to accommodate many of our colleagues' requests, we were obviously not able to do everything everyone has requested.  I believe that we endeavored to produce a bill that is bipartisan and that, we feel, serves the need of this country and we were successful.  I yield to Senator Mikulski, my esteemed ranking member, for her statement.  