 President, I rise today to speak in relation to the Feinstein amendment.  The issue of liquefied natural gas, or LNG, has become one of great concern In my home State of Alabama and to many others across the country. I believe it is important that LNG be part of our Nation's comprehensive energy plan. However, we must ensure that these facilities are safe and are sited in appropriate locations that have the support of the local communities and the State.  I recognize that the Federal Government should have the authority to site and permit these facilities--but not without the input of the State and the local community. I do not believe that the Federal Government should run rough-shod over State and local interests. It is imperative that they be protected throughout the siting process. To that end, I believe that a clear and direct line of communication between the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and State and local governments be established--because I do not believe that the current process provides such an avenue.  However, I do not believe that the Feinstein amendment is the appropriate way to ensure this relationship. While I am firmly committed to States rights, I believe that giving a State ``veto'' power over the siting of an LNG terminal is contrary to the Constitution and in my opinion, not in the best interests of our Nation. The interstate commerce clause clearly places matters of interstate and foreign commerce in the hands of the Federal Government.  I believe that we can provide an avenue for State and local involvement while still preserving the constitutional role of the Federal Government in matters of interstate commerce. To that end, I have worked with ChairmanDomenici and Senator Bingaman to craft language that strikes that important balance. I believe that we have crafted a proposal that does just that and would encourage my colleagues to consider that language before we end debate on the issue of LNG.  The proposal that I reference will provide our State and local communities with a strong voice in the permitting and siting process of LNG facilities while maintaining the critical role of the Federal Government in interstate and foreign commerce. This language ensures that State and local authorities are represented by a single party or agency throughout the process and that their concerns regarding safety, security, coastal conservation and environmental protection are clearly articulated and acknowledged. In addition, the language also clearly lays out the process for developing a cost sharing plan between the industry and the State, local, and Federal agencies tasked with maintaining safety and security around the facility. This will ensure that these facilities do not tax the response systems to the detriment of the surrounding community.  I have been involved in the debate over LNG for the last several years and my goal and concern has been and always will be to protect the citizen's of Alabama while also providing an opportunity for the development of a critical asset. I thank Chairman Domenici for his willingness to work on this issue and find a common ground.  