 President, the funding level in this amendment is based on many things, and I will tell you about it. In fiscal year 2006, we were planning to have the Public Transportation Terrorism Prevention Act that would have provided a total of $1.166 billion for public transportation security grants based on risk. It provides for grants for capital infrastructure improvements, for public transportation systems, as well as operational costs for drills and training and research funding. Everything--cameras, dogs, and you might go further with it.  We have taken necessary and prudent steps toward protecting our air travel from terrorism--we hope. We made strides toward hardening our aviation systems and making them less vulnerable to attack. Now I believe is the time to do the same for public transportation.  In 2004, the last year that data was available, over 9.6 billion passenger trips were taken on buses, trains, and other forms of public transportation. The American Public Transportation Association estimates that over 14 million Americans ride on public transportation each weekday. The U.S. Department of Transportation estimates that another 25 million use public transportation less frequently but on a regular basis.  Securing public transportation presents many challenges. We know that. The public transportation system includes over 100,000 miles of rail, almost 1,000 train and subway stations, and 60,000 buses. Meeting this challenge will require devoted resources and steadfast commitment to the task.  Today this amendment I am offering on behalf of myself, Senator Sarbanes, and others is an amendment to the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill. As the Banking Committee has jurisdiction over transit security issues, a lot of the colleagues on the Banking Committee on both sides of the aisle are joining me in this amendment.  The London attacks well illustrate the threats we face in this country, and we know all too well that England is not alone. Terrorists have targeted public transportation systems the world over, and we know they would delight in a successful attack here.  To this date, most terrorist attacks around the world have occurred on public transportation. Examples are, as you know, Mr. President, Spain, Israel, Japan, and other countries, and this should cause us to consider how we will aim to prevent such terrible attacks on our soil.  Over a year ago, Senator Sarbanes and I reported out of the Banking Committee the Public Transportation Terrorism Prevention Act. It had numerous cosponsors and passed the Senate with a unanimous vote. The bill was crafted in a thoughtful and considered manner after a series of hearings held in the committee.  In those sessions, we spoke to terrorism experts and industry officials to ascertain the best way to protect public transportation systems in the country. The product was a bill that had the support of industry and terrorism experts alike. This amendment we are offering today comes out of that bill.  I believe we must provide resources toward mitigating these security threats, and we must do so as soon as possible. We cannot wait.  I also appreciate the challenge that Chairman Gregg of the committee faces. I serve on the Appropriations Committee with him, and I, too, am chairman of a subcommittee on appropriations. As he attempts to address the multitude of security challenges inthis appropriations bill, the allocation of funding is daunting. Attempting to find the balance between ports, rail, public transportation, and other targets is a difficult task.  We could have infinite resources to spend and still not be totally protected. We must realize this. We must concede that in the debate. But I think we have to do more to protect our public transportation system. It is in that spirit, I am offering this amendment tonight.  