 One of my favorite historians, William Manchester, in writing his volumes concerning the life of a great man named Winston Churchill, entitled the second volume ``Alone,'' telling of that period in Winston Churchill's career in the 1930s when he stood in the House of Commons in England as a lonely voice warning his countrymen of the impending peril of what was to occur in World War II. He was ignored. He was derided. He was ridiculed. Eventually, history vindicated him.  The same will be true of the Senator from West Virginia. I want to let him know, he does not stand alone in this battle. There are many of us who believe we need to step up at this moment in time and speak up for not just the defense of America from foes who attack us overseas but the defense of hometown America, the defense of our homeland. It is not enough to create a new bureaucracy and a multi-agency unit with a high-sounding name, the Department of Homeland Security, and not provide the resources that are essential to protect hometown America.  My colleague from New York recounted the challenges in New York City. The same can be said for the city of Chicago and for small towns and villages all across Illinois. Something as basic as establishing a communications network for police and fire first responders and the medical community is essential to respond to a crisis. The money is not there. My State is deep in debt, as are many States across the Nation. The question is whether this administration will come forward and support Senator Byrd's amendment to put in a small proportional increase, a small incremental increase in terms of homeland security, and to think this would be resisted is an open invitation for critics to say this administration supports a hollow homeland security--one that will not be there when we need it. I hope this great Nation and our people never face an act of terrorism again. But it is foolhardy for us to ignore the threat of September 11, 2001, and its repetition. We live on Capitol Hill most of our working lives and we know that two letters mailed to an office in Capitol Hill containing anthrax cost us $20 million to clean up, cost us American lives, and closed down office buildings for months--two envelopes. That is our vulnerability. That is the vulnerability of America.  Senator Byrd, you do not stand alone. I hope there are Members across the aisle who will join us in this effort to make certain our commitment to homeland security goes beyond rhetoric.  