President, we are all following, on a moment-by-moment basis, the developments in Iraq and the sad reality that this war is upon us, but we also have the great feeling of support for our men and women in uniform.  I was notified today that one of the first casualties in the war was from my home State. His name is Ryan Beaupre from Saint Anne, IL, a 30-year-old Marine Corps captain who was a pilot on the helicopter that went down with eight British commandos and four marines, a wonderful young man by all reports from a good family who attended Bishop MacNamara High School in Kankakee and then Illinois Wesleyan and enlisted in the Marine Corps and served his country so well. I have called his family today. Of course, they are grief-stricken, as is everyone in the community.  A special tribute was given to him today at his old high school, and I am sure there will be many more. Our hearts go out to the Beaupre family and all of their friends at this great loss.  We are fortunate in this country to have young men and women like him, willing to volunteer and to risk their lives for their Nation. We should remember the cost of war and remember how much we owe those who will step forward to defend this Nation in time of need.  I hope, before this debate on the budget resolution is over, to ask my colleagues in the Senate to consider an amendment which I hope to offer. If someone asked you today how muchcombat pay do we pay to the marines and sailors and soldiers and airmen for fighting the war in Iraq, most Americans would not know the answer. But combat pay for our soldiers and those who are risking their lives now in Iraq is $5 a day--$5 a day--$150 a month. That is combat pay for those who are in active military, as well as those who are activated.  Also, you might be interested in knowing how much we pay the families when we separate people and send them off to war. What kind of monthly supplement do we provide for the families who now have someone important in their lives gone for a period of time and have to struggle to try to keep things together when it comes to child care and added responsibility and added expenses? How much do we give to these military families? About $3.30 a day; $100 a month.  The amendment I am going to offer to the budget resolution will raise those two amounts, not to what they truly deserve but to show that we have not forgotten that they need more, to $500 a month for combat pay, and $500 a month to families who are separated because of this war.  It is a small token. It should be much more. But I hope my colleagues will seriously consider that amendment. As we all feel so good and so strong about the contribution of the men and women in uniform, let us not forget they deserve a helping hand and the combat pay differential as well as the assistance to their families.  I yield the floor.  