 I come to the floor to discuss an issue which is highly charged and emotional. In the 20 years I have served in both the House and the Senate, I can say the debates on this issue have been some of the most painful. No matter who you are, in the Senate or the House, whatever your political party, whatever your background, if you take this issue as seriously as you must, you have to reflect every time as to whether or not your vote makes sense, is fair, is a policy that America should follow.  Now, of course, we are debating the so-called partial-birth abortion procedure. I came to Congress many years ago personally opposed to abortion. It was part of my faith tradition, part of my personal value system. I came here to find that many of the people I assumed would be my allies opposed abortion but had other elements in their belief which started to trouble me.  I believe that a woman pregnant, facing extraordinary medical circumstances, a woman who is pregnant, having been impregnated by a rape or incest, should be given special concern and consideration. But I found many times that those who opposed abortions would make no exception no matter what the circumstances leading up to a pregnancy. And that troubled me.  I also found that in those extraordinary situations where a woman found in her pregnancy, one that she anticipated to be normal, uneventful, that something awful had occurred, that, in fact, many of the people who opposed abortion would not even allow that procedure in those extraordinary medical situations. I was surprised by that. I didn't expect to find it.  Then I met with some of the women and talked to them about their personal experiences. One of them is a woman I met from my home State of Illinois, Vikki Stella. This is a picture of Vikki, her husband, her family. Vikki's is an extraordinary story.  When Vikki was pregnant several years ago, she learned late in her pregnancy that her much wanted son was suffering from some extraordinary, serious abnormalities. Vikki, who is diabetic, was told that if she continued her pregnancy through to its natural conclusion, she could endanger her own health.  She told me personally--I had a chance to meet with her--that she couldn't believe it. This was supposed to be a very normal pregnancy. As you can see, she has other children. She learned, much to her surprise and amazement, that she faced an extraordinarily complicated pregnancy, and her doctor sat down with her and her husband, who is also a doctor, and said to them: You need to do something; you need to do it now to protect Vikki's survival and her own health.  She was faced with a terrible decision. She had already created the nursery in her home for the new baby. They had the walls painted, the furniture picked out; they expected in just a few weeks to have this new baby--to be told, instead, that she was facing a medical crisis in her own life. As she said, she could barely walk, it hit her so hard. Her husband had to help her walk away from the doctor's office.  She went home, she told me, in tears, saying to her husband: What are we going to do? I don't believe in abortion. He explained to her, as her doctor explained to her, that unless she did something right then and there to terminate that pregnancy, she would endanger her own life and her ability to have other children.  She prayed over it, thought about it long and hard with her husband and family, and decided to go through with the termination of the pregnancy.  Would you want to face that decision? I am sure glad I never had to as a father and husband. But she faced it. She terminated that pregnancy.  One of the last times I saw Vikki was here, right in front of the Capitol Building. She was pushing a stroller with her new baby in it--Nicholas. Nicholas came into this world as healthy and normal as you could ever ask.  So people who are arguing that those who go in for these extraordinary abortion procedures somehow hate babies, or look at these things lightly--please. If you listen to the women who have been through it, if you talk to them and their families, you will understand the tragedy that comes into their life, the crisis that comes into their life.  What we are saying on the floor of the Senate with S. 3, a bill sponsored by Senator Santorum, is that we do not want the doctor to make the decision. No. And we don't want the mother or her husband to make the decision. We want to make the decision. The Government should make the decision. The Government should overrule the doctor. The Government should say to her: Finish your pregnancy regardless of the outcome. You can't use the procedure.  Is that the right thing to do, for us to inject ourselves into those medical crisis situations? I don't think it is.  Whatever your view on abortion personally, for goodness' sake, I think you should have the heart to understand that you don't know everything; that, frankly, there are doctors in disagreement as to whether these abortion procedures are needed. If there is true medical disagreement, are we going to choose one side and say this will be theofficial Government medical position? That is what we are hearing today. We are hearing, when it comes to abortion, don't let your doctor decide; let your Senator decide for you.  I may have some expertise in some areas, but it certainly is not in medicine. I rely on professionals for my family, for myself, and when it comes to making these important decisions.  If you listen to these doctors, they are telling us: For goodness' sake, Senator, stop and think. Do you want to say that you can imagine every possible complication a mother would find late in her pregnancy and you want to rule that certain surgical procedures cannot be used to save a mother's health or her life? That is how far this goes. And it goes too far.  The other thing I learned when I came here was that many of the people who oppose abortion very strongly, with the deepest of convictions, feel just as strongly in opposition to contraception. I couldn't believe that part because--think about it--if you don't offer to a woman, a wife, for example, in a family situation, an option to plan her pregnancies, then you are just inviting an unplanned or unwanted pregnancy, inviting the possibility of abortion.  So to oppose contraception is to say to the woman: We are not going to stand by you even making your own decision and your family decision on when a child should come to your household. Of course, you know what happens. The likelihood of abortion increases when there are unwanted, unplanned pregnancies.  I always thought if you opposed abortion, it was common sense to say we would make contraception, family planning, birth control information available to women in America. That seems to me just common sense, so that you wouldn't have the unwanted, unplanned pregnancies leading to abortions.  I was stunned when I came to Congress many years ago to find that the people most vehemently opposed to abortion were equally opposed to contraception. How can that make any sense? Thank goodness Senator Patty Murray of Washington, along with Senator Reid of Nevada, came to the floor today on this abortion debate and said we really need to be on the record as to whether or not we are going to provide contraception in health insurance plans so that women can get birth control pills to decide when they are going to have children, when it is the right thing for them and their family.  Isn't it ironic that these health insurance plans will provide Viagra to men but will not provide birth control pills to women? That is a fact. Senator Murray's amendment comes to the floor and says we are going to put an end to that. We are going to provide that these women and families will have the contraception that they need to make their decisions on planning their families so there are wanted and planned children as often as possible, and the likelihood of abortion is diminished. That seems so patently obvious.  I commend Senator Murray again. She goes on to say if your feelings and emotions are strong when it comes to mothers and babies, for goodness' sake, prove it--not just by voting against abortion but voting for the mother, the pregnant mother, making certain that she has access to health care during her pregnancy.  Senator Murray offers a provision in her amendment which says we are going to allow pregnant women across America to come into what we call the SCHIP plan, a basic health insurance program offered by the States so that more and more working mothers have a chance to get prenatal care and have healthy babies. Why in the world would anybody even debate this: Contraception, birth control, family planning available for mothers, women and their families, and health insurance coverage for the pregnant mother so she can be certain to come out of this pregnancy healthy herself with a healthy baby?  This is a good amendment. This is a pro-life amendment.  What do we hear? We hear that the Senators on the other side of the aisle who say they are opposed to abortion--and I believe they are--are now going to try to kill the Murray amendment. They don't want the Senate to go on record in favor of family planning and birth control in the health insurance plans for women across America. They don't want the Senate to go on record so rape and incest victims brought into emergency rooms can have the contraceptive care they need immediately so they do not end up pregnant because of the crime that was committed against them. They don't want to vote for the Murray amendment that says pregnant mothers will have health insurance so that the babies will be healthy and the mothers will be healthy. And they call themselves pro-life.  I am sorry, it doesn't work. It is not consistent. If they are consistently pro-life, they should stand by the woman, stand by the mother, do everything in their power to make certain that that baby is born into a loving family and is as healthy as it possibly can be. That is what this amendment comes down to.  It is hard to imagine there is any opposition, and yet there is. In fact, a Senator will come to the floor here, he will make a procedural motion, and it will take more than a majority for Senator Murray to prevail. Do I understand right, we will need 60 votes? Is that correct? Sixty votes out of a hundred. So they have just raised the bar, and they said to Senator Murray: If you want to protect women in terms of family planning and birth control, you need more than a majority, Senator Murray; you need 60 votes.  