President, since the end of the cold war, the mission of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization has changed from one of confronting the Soviet Union to one of securing democracy and stability in one undivided, free Europe.  By passing the resolution of ratification of the Protocols to the North Atlantic Treaty of 1949 on the Accession of Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia, the Senate supports a giant step toward realizing that goal.  I want to speak just for a moment about the recent disagreements among NATO countries regarding Iraq. After many years of supporting NATO enlargement, and my particular interest in Baltic membership in NATO--which I will speak about--I confess that I am concerned that now that my dream is on the cusp of reality, NATO is divided and torn.  I was one who thought the United States should have taken a longer diplomatic path before resorting to war with Iraq and I am particularly concerned about the impression expressed by many of our allies that there is no room for disagreement with US policy.  I believe that our relations with our NATO allies can and must be repaired. But I also want to remind my colleagues that NATO is an alliance of democratic countries whose populations were overwhelmingly opposed to the US going to war with Iraq.  If our goal is to support an undivided, democratic, and free Europe, we must accept and welcome debate within the NATO alliance and work harder to hear and accommodate the views of our allies. It would be the height of irony if the organization originally formed to confront totalitarian communism would disintegrate because of a lack of tolerance for disagreements with United States policy.  I want to focus my remarks today on this resolution on the Baltic states, not because I oppose the membership of Bulgaria, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. On the contrary, I supported the policy of seeking the largest possible enlargement of NATO in this round. I always confess my prejudice when I speak about the Baltic states. My mother was born in Lithuania. So when I speak of the Baltic countries, it is with particular personal feeling.  I could not have predicted a few years ago that we could not have to fight, and fight hard, to get Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia into NATO.  Even as recently as three years ago, Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed the NATO membership for the Baltic States would be a ``reckless act'' that removed a key buffer zone and posed a major strategic challenge to Moscow that could ``destabilize'' Europe.  Russian objections to Baltic membership in NATO had no credibility. Russia has nothing to fear from NATO and nothing to fear from Baltic membership in NATO. The tiny Baltic States are no military challenge to Russia, and certainly a democratic Russia does not threaten Europe.  I give credit where it is due, and I believe President Bush's strong leadership in supporting NATO enlargement and his firm rejection of Russian objections to Baltic membership were key to securing broad support, both here and in Europe, for this round of NATO enlargement.  A quick review of history is called for to help appreciate just how remarkable it is that Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia are on the verge of membership.  In June 1940, the Soviet Union occupied the Baltic countries of Estonia,Latvia, and Lithuania and forcibly incorporated them into the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.  Throughout the occupation, the United States maintained that the acquisition of Baltic territory by force was not permissible under international law and was unjust. We refused to recognize Soviet sovereignty over these Baltic States.  On July 15, 1940, President Franklin Roosevelt issued an Executive order freezing Baltic assets in the United States to prevent them from falling into Soviet hands. On July 23, 1940, Secretary of State Sumner Welles issued the first public statement of such policy of nonrecognition of the Soviet takeover of the Baltic countries. The United States took steps to allow the diplomatic representatives of those countries to continue to represent them in Washington despite the Soviet occupation.  In 1959, Congress designated the third week in July as ``Captive Nations Week,'' and time after time, year after year, I would gather in Daley Plaza in Chicago with those from Baltic States and other occupied countries to wonder and pray if there would ever be freedom in those countries again.  The good news about Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia's membership in NATO is it did not come about by accident. The people of the Baltics never let go of their dreams of freedom. They never let our Government forget that they were going to live by those dreams. The official U.S. policy of nonrecognition of Soviet takeover of the Baltics gave them hope.  I went to Lithuania a few years ago with my late brother, Bill. We went to the tiny town where my mother was born, Jurbarkas. When we were there, we found we had relatives, cousins, that we never knew we had, family separated by the Iron Curtain.  I did not believe in my lifetime that I would see the changes come to pass in the Baltic States. When I visited Lithuania the first time in 1979, it was under Soviet domination. Freedom was at a premium, and the poor people of that country slogged by day after day wondering if they would ever have another chance at self-governance.  Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia asserted their independence from the domination of the Soviet Union, but at a great cost. Soviet paratroopers stormed the Press House in Vilnius, injuring four people. Barricades were set up in front of the Lithuania Parliament, the Seimas. On January 13, 1991, Soviet forces attacked the television station and tower in Vilnius, killing 14 Lithuanians. I was there shortly thereafter. Today, one can see how it is a standing memorial to those who died in the latest fight for freedom in the Baltics.  Images of crowds of unarmed civilians facing down Soviet tanks in the Baltics to protect their parliaments were a powerful message of resistance. It created hope across the world.  The Baltic countries have nurtured their relations with the West, but they have also worked to have a good relationship with Russia. Despite the bitter experience of years of Soviet occupation, each Baltic country has tried to establish a good working relationship so that citizenship and language laws conform to European standards, taking care not to discriminate against ethnic Russians still living in their borders. As a result of these steps, and because of U.S. and NATO's efforts to engage Russia in a positive relationship, Russia's opposition to Baltic membership has disappeared.  The Baltic countries, I wish to add, have also taken an extraordinary and historic step to face up to the bitter legacy of the Holocaust, when hundreds of thousands of Lithuanian, Estonian, and Latvian Jews perished, by setting up a Holocaust museum, teaching about the history of the Holocaust in school, returning the Torah scrolls taken from synagogues and destroyed during that sad period, and working to restore Jewish property rights.  Some people question whether these tiny countries bring anything to NATO. NATO is not a country club; it is a military alliance. When the Soviet troops finally left the Baltic countries, they took almost everything, and these tiny countries started to rebuild their economy and rebuild their power to defend themselves.  The old Soviet ways disappeared, and new thinking, new leaders appeared. Western ways of thinking about military organization, whether civilian control of the military, took their place. To be sure, these are small countries, but they have been helpful countries. They will make a positive contribution to NATO. They already have in Bosnia, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Afghanistan, and Iraq.  When we ratified the membership of Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic, some in the Senate doubted their contributions and worried about the cost burdens. I think they realize today that those worries have not materialized into anything serious. Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic have been great allies of NATO.  Let me conclude by saying this. Today, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia have worked hard to become market economies, to watch their democracies flourish. The fact they want so much to be part of NATO is an affirmation of great hope and great optimism for Europe. I am glad we stood by these countries during the dark hours of Soviet occupation.  I am sorry my mother did not live long enough to see this day, but she did live long enough for two of her three sons to return to the tiny village of Lithuania that she never saw after leaving in 1911. Our return trip to Lithuania was part of closing a loop in our own family history, but it also established a bond, a uniting, a tie between the United States and a small Baltic nation.  By the action of the Senate today in expanding NATO for these new countries, and particularly to expand them to include all of the Baltic countries and my mother's home nation of Lithuania, I believe we are completing the job which was started in 1999: to expand NATO and cement a stable democratic and free Europe.  I yield the floor.  