President, this morning's morning business has been dedicated to the Columbia tragedy which occurred over the weekend. I want to take a few moments to speak from the heart about my experience yesterday, traveling to Houston to be there for the service that honored these seven brave men and women who gave their lives in the Columbia tragedy.  It was a bright and sunny day in Houston, a day which brought out literally thousands of people as they stood at the Space Center on the grass and waited for hours for the moments of tribute to the fallen astronauts and to their families. It was a military service, as those who followed it on television know, in the tradition primarily of the Navy. There was that touching moment where the bell was struck seven times for the loss of seven lives.  It also was a service which brought out, I thought, the very best in our Nation in terms of coming together in the grief that has really clouded our lives since last Saturday morning.  There were moments yesterday which I will not forget. The most compelling moments involved the arrival of families. You come to realize that these astronauts leave behind husbands and wives, children, parents, and many who loved them who will struggle for a long time to understand what happened. Most of them, six of the seven, were in the military--of the United States and of Israel. They understood the risk that was involved in their service to our country, as did the seventh astronaut. But with the success of so many space missions, I am certain they went into this flight believing the odds were on their side--and they certainly were. But they knew the danger, too, that was associated with it.  I am sure most people can recall where they were when they heard of this tragedy. I was sitting with my wife in our kitchen in Springfield, IL, listening to NPR when they interrupted it and mentioned the shuttle radio transmission had been lost. It was clear something terrible may have occurred. Then, of course, in the moments following, we heard the details.  I ran into a number of people in Illinois, both downstate in Springfield and in Chicago, before I came back to Washington and then went off to Houston, and all of them were touched by this tragedy, as they should have been. Some of them said to me: Senator, don't forget also the four soldiers who lost their lives last week in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan--and theywere right. Our prayers should be not just for the astronauts and their families but for all the men and women who have given their lives in service to this country. I know they are in our hearts and prayers.  A lot of hard questions will have to be asked and answered in the weeks ahead. We will have to find out what caused this crash, to make certain that it never happens again. There will be a lot of recriminations and people pointing fingers as to whether or not everyone did their job as they should have, including Congress, this President, and the previous President. But that is the nature of an open society--an open debate, an honest debate to try to come to some closure as to the reason for this tragedy.  Larger questions will be asked, and I hope answered, about the space program itself. This is a program which has been generally accepted by America as part of who we are and why we come together as a nation. We want to lead the world in the pursuit of science and knowledge and understanding. Our space program has been part of that. We will have to step back now and assess whether we are doing the right thing. We will have to ask and answer questions about manned space flight and the future of the space station, whether the shuttle is the best approach to serving that station, and our future needs. All of these are difficult but timely questions.  Having said all that, that is the working of government. That is the working of the people of the United States, responding to this disaster in a rational, measured, linear way.  But yesterday it was about much more. It was about these astronauts and their families.  Ilan Ramon was the first Israeli astronaut. I read about him. I have heard suggestions that he was a man who was destined to be part of the space program. No one in his country had ever done it. He is a great source of pride in Israel and to the people who followed his career.  Yesterday, some of the prayers delivered by the Rabbi and others were in Hebrew, as they should have been. They hearkened back to the origins of the Judeo-Christian culture that also contributed to this great man.  Also, Kalpana Chawla, Indian--the important thing to recall is not just how good she was--and that story was repeated over and over again--but to recall that she was an immigrant to this country.  I think that is something we should remind ourselves over and over. Immigrants to America throughout our history have made us a better and stronger Nation and have given us a special identity in the world. She contributed to that heritage, and her courage has to be recognized.  The list of the astronauts involved--those who had been on previous missions and those who were on their first--is a roster of excellence and courage. Now it is up to us not just to mourn their loss and to comfort their families but to remember why they made their sacrifice and why they were prepared to run this risk. They were prepared to do more than most of us do in our daily routines. But they understood it was to meet a calling--a calling to which, frankly, all of us should aspire, to show the courage and to step forward to look to the future, to say that we each have to do something that is risky and on the edge so that tomorrow may be better for our children, for their families. We extend not only our sympathy but also our pledge to stand by them at this time of loss because they are part of the American family, an American family deep in mourning over the loss of these great men and women.  I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum.  