President, I congratulate my colleague, Senator Murray, for speaking on the overtime amendment offered by Senator Harkin, and Senator Robert Byrd for speaking on his amendment involving funding the President's mandate, the No Child Left Behind legislation. I address both of those issues for a moment.  First, I say to the Senator from Washington, what she has outlined in her State can be repeated in virtually every State across America. For the last several years, we have seen a loss of jobs in America virtually unprecedented in recent history. In fact, you have to go back so far as President Herbert Hoover in the Great Depression to find a time when America has lost as many jobs as we have lost since President Bush took office. Remember, in the preceding 8 years we created 22 million new jobs in America, but since President George W. Bush has taken office we have lost almost 3 million jobs. This is a modern record, a sad record felt in every State, my own included.  I have also been told that some 90 percent of the jobs we have lost have been manufacturing jobs, jobs which have been lost to Third World countries, countries such as China, that have taken away the manufacturing jobs that used to be the bread and butter for the communities of America. They are leaving in droves. Since President Bush took office we have lost 120,000 manufacturing jobs in Illinois. In the last 5 years, we have lost one out of every five manufacturing jobs, and there is no end in sight.  I held a press bipartisan conference today with some of my colleagues who decried the current situation in China where they are sucking away all of our jobs because of currency manipulation. The point is that will be addressed in another bill.  In this bill, we have to be concerned not with the exodus of American jobs to Third World countries but the immigration of Third World labor standards into the United States. The Bush administration, through the Department of Labor, is establishing a standard which says that some 8 to 10 million workers in America will no longer qualify for overtime pay. Those included in that group, as we have heard from my colleagues on the floor, are firefighters, nurses, many who have important jobs in communities related to health and safety. The Bush administration has said they will not be entitled to overtime in the future.  Those with a sense of history can remember from our history courses and our readings how many lives were lost in America in the establishment of the labor movement to fight for one particular thing: the 40-hour workweek. This was, frankly, one of the most contentious issues. We finally said, as a matter of law in America, businesses could only work their employees 40 hours a week or they would have to pay time and a half for the extra time. That was a bitter battle that went on for decades with a lot of bloodshed and lives lost because of social upheaval as workers across America spoke out for their rights. But eventually it was established. The 40-hour workweek in America became a sacred precept, not just in collective bargaining contracts but as well in legislation, to apply to everyone. The understanding was that beyond 40 hours you would have to pay extra.  What is the basis for it? Certainly so the workers' rights would be respected. It would lessen exploitation. It would say to the employer, if you are going to work someone beyond 40 hours, that certainly is a physical impediment, one that could be a hardship, as well as a family hardship, and you should pay more for it.  Now comes the Bush administration saying it is family friendly and eliminating the right to overtime pay for 8 to 10 million Americans. It could not come at a worse time. It could not be a worse idea.  Senator Harkin of Iowa offers an amendment which my friends on the other side of the aisle are afraid we will call for a vote on, an amendment that says we will not allow the Department of Labor to go forward with this bad idea.  I totally support the Harkin amendment. We need to protect the rights of workers in America today, rights that have been fought for decades, over a century of effort by men and women to bring dignity to the workplaces under assault because of this proposal from the Bush administration.  Let me say a word about the Byrd amendment before the Senate. Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia has offered an amendment which basically says to the President: Keep your word. Keep your word.  When this President came to office as the education president, he said: I am going to bring Democrats and Republicans together. He turned to my friend and colleague behind me, Senator Kennedy, and said: Join me in passing the No Child Left Behind legislation. Let's do it right. Let's do it in a bipartisan fashion.  Senator Kennedy joined him, as did Congressman George Miller of California, in a bipartisan effort, supported by many, including myself. No Child Left Behind demanded accountability in schools but said if the children are having a tough time passing the test, we want to provide extra resources to school districts across America so the test scores will improve.  Resources for title I is a program where school districts directly help students and their families, students who are falling behind. The amount that was to be authorized for this was spelled out in law, written down and approved by the President, signed into law, and No Child Left Behind went into effect.  Across America, public schools are bound by the requirements and mandates of No Child Left Behind. But, unfortunately, when it came to President Bush's budget, he failed to appropriate the funds necessary to pay for this mandate. So the mandate goes unfunded at the local level.  I don't know about the States of my colleagues but I can speak about Illinois. We are in a terrible fiscal crisis. We had to cut $5 billion in State funds this year--a very difficult thing to do--and our schools have suffered in the process. For us now to say that this Federal mandate of No Child Left Behind is not going to be funded as President Bush promised means that the President is not keeping his word to the schoolchildren and families of America.  Senator Byrd's amendment says to the President: Keep your word. Find the $6 billion you promised to send to these school districts.  I happen to think Senator Byrd is right. I am happy to be a cosponsor of his amendment. We cannot at this point in time establish new mandates and new responsibilities on school districts across America struggling to survive and not provide the resources.  In my home State of Illinois, almost half of the school districts are now in desperate financial straits. In the city of Elgin, IL, a growth area in my State, they appropriated funds 2 years ago to build four new schools that were to be open this fall when school opened. Sadly, the Elgin School District does not have the resources to open the schools. They cannot afford the teachers. They cannot afford the overhead costs. The four brandnew school buildings sit vacant, an indication of how difficult it is to fund education at the local level in the midst of a recession, in the midst of a situation when State budgets are struggling to find balance.  That is a compelling argument for us to keep our word, to make certain that school districts across America have the money to help the kids improve their test scores, improve their education, become better readers, understand math and science, and improve as students. Unless and until we do that, we have no business mandating on these school districts that they have to start transporting students across school district lines and all of the other penalties associated with No Child Left Behind.  Let's pass the Byrd amendment. Let's keep our word to the schoolchildren across America, even if the Bush budget does not.  The last point I make is an amendment which I plan to offer at the first opportunity. Again, it relates to a promise made by President Bush. I was at the State of the Union Message, as most Members of the Senate attended, just a few months back. I listened carefully as the President made a pledge on behalf of the people of the United States. It was historic in terms of its commitment. The President said: We in the United States would lead the world in battling the global AIDS epidemic. President Bush said to standing, thunderous ovation from both sides of the aisle that he was pledging $15 billion a year over the next 5 years to fight the scourge of HIV and AIDS around the world. It was the right thing to do. The President was showing the leadership, which we expect of him, and leadership which makes all of us proud as Americans. Frankly, most of us believed at that point the deal was cut, that from that point forward no questions would be asked.  Now look at the bill before us and what do you find? Do you find that the $15 billion over 5 years results in $3 billion in spending in the next year, as one might expect? No. Scarcely $2 billion will be available--$2 billion to meet a $3 billion commitment.  There have been many serious casualties in Iraq. We have lost many lives. Many of our service men and women have been injured. But now we are dealing with the other Iraqi casualties--funding for our schools, funding for the global AIDS epidemic.  The President again must be held to the standard that he set, the standard of American leadership around the world in dealing with the global AIDS epidemic. I certainly hope my colleagues, many of whom voted for the resolution offered by Jeff Bingaman, the Senator from New Mexico, a few weeks ago--I think there were over 80 votes in favor of it, and we said we should put $3 billion in the budget this year for the global AIDS epidemic. I hope they will support my amendment which I hope I can offer later today or the first thing tomorrow, because in that amendment we will be able to keep our word.  Recently, in the Chicago Tribune, there was an editorial. This editorial suggested that this is a key floor vote on whether we are going to implement President Bush's bold $15 billion 5-year plan to fight AIDS in Africa and the Caribbean. The Tribune went on to say:       The vote will go a long way toward determining if the U.S.      will keep its promise to lead the world in the fight against      AIDS.       That noble pledge seems to be wilting under the heat of      other budget pressures. Bush has lobbied Congress for no more      than $2 billion for the first year. The Global Fund to Fight      AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria would be particularly hard-hit      by the reduced commitment.  They go on to say, my colleague from Illinois, Representative Henry Hyde, in the House:       . . . secured approval for legislation specifying that $2      billion, plus an additional $1 billion for the Global Fund,      would be disbursed each year, rather than ``backloading'' the      money into later years.  Make no mistake, the AIDS epidemic is upon us. Every year we delay, every dollar we delay will increase the number of deaths and hardships and orphans created by this terrible disease. We have an opportunity to do something significant in terms of the global AIDS epidemic, in terms of our Nation's commitment, in terms of what President Bush has said he would do as our leader in this country. But we need to follow through. Let's not look for excuses. Let's, instead, look for the opportunity to lead, which is before us today.  I encourage my colleagues to join on these three amendments by supporting Tom Harkin to stop the overtime pay change, which the Bush administration is pushing; secondly, to support Senator Robert Byrd, who has said the President must keep his word to fund the mandate which he has sent to public schools across America; and again, in my amendment, to offer the $3 billion to a world desperately in need of our help to deal with the global AIDS epidemic.  We can do this. We can keep our word. We can show the leadership that the President has promised.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  