President, I have listened carefully to the debate tonight and I have listened to the suggestions to privatize Social Security with personal accounts, and I have waited to hear the following: If you take current people paying into Social Security for today's retirees out of the mix, who is going to make up the difference? Who is going to make up the money that is lost currently being paid to retirees?  That is an unanswered question. Until that question is answered, this cannot be an honest proposal. That gap, that failure of any discussion on privatization of Social Security, leavescurrent retirees in the lurch--and those about to retire--because people will be bailing out if they decide to take personal accounts proposed by the Republican side--and nobody makes up the difference.  I will say that the Republican side has been resolute in saying they will not even consider looking at the tax cuts that President Bush has proposed twice now during his administration, resolute in their belief that though they have failed to revive the economy--these tax cuts have driven us into the deepest deficits in our history--and though the total cost of these tax cuts will be three times the amount of money that we need to save Social Security on a permanent basis, they are resolute that we cannot ask one millionaire in America to give up a penny in his Bush tax cuts--too much, too far to go.  It shows you how this cannot be resolved in honest terms because unless and until we are all committed to the future of Social Security, unless and until we realize that rich and poor in this country all benefit from having this insurance policy--which Franklin Roosevelt conceived so that our parents and grandparents could live in dignity--we will continue to reach a stalemate in this conversation.  Stick with the basics. We should not cut current benefits. We should make any program voluntary, and it should be an add-on to the Social Security retirement. It should not be in place of it, unless you can come up with an honest answer of how we are going to fill the hole.  I yield the floor.  