President, I reduced the time I requested because I know I have colleagues on the floor seeking recognition and we want to wrap this up in a timely way.  Let me say to those following this debate, one, the greatest Illinoisan of all times once said:       A speech the world will little note nor long remember.  I think the same can be said of this debate. The United States will little note nor long remember this debate on the Senate floor. But it will remember what happened today when we see the outcome. The outcome is going to be devastating for the economy of the United States for years to come.  The reason is, of course, America is preoccupied, as it should be, with the war in Iraq. We are so proud of the achievements of the men and women in uniform. We have watched every single day the wonderful unfolding of the change in Iraq, offering a new opportunity. I think the reason we are focused and so positive about the military accomplishment is we know the men and women involved in that decision showed both courage and vision.  Sadly, when it comes to the economy of the United States, the other party and the administration in the White House show political calculation and myopia. Instead of dealing with the real economic challenges of America in a sensible, fair, and evenhanded way, we have a Republican budget resolution which will be devastating. It will be devastating in creating the largest deficits in the history of the United States of America.  What happened to this Grand Old Party, this party of fiscal conservatism? Today, we find it is the party of record deficits and record debt. A party which once said, we don't want to leave a legacy to our children of debt, is in fact creating that debt with this budget resolution.  There are some things you can argue are beyond the control of the White House or anyone in Congress. One of those things is the cost of this war and the war on terrorism. I will gladly concede that those are things which could not be calculated 2 or 3 years ago and cannot be calculated today in terms of their cost. But the real problem with this budget resolution is this President's fixation with creating massive tax cuts for the wealthiest people in America. It is the age-old Republican answer to every single problem: When in doubt, cut taxes for wealthy people.  This is done in the belief that if the wealthiest people in America just had a little more money to spend, things would get so much better. We tried this. A little over 2 years ago, the President came in with the first round of his tax cuts for the wealthy, and he said: Just watch what happens.  We watched. The economy continues to plummet. We continue to lose jobs. In fact, if you look at the Bush record since the President took office: 2.5 million fewer private sector jobs under this President; long-term unemployment up 184 percent; over 2 million more Americans without health insurance; 1 in 10 small businesses has dropped health insurance for their workers; the average cost of health insurance rises by double digits; the gap between tuition and Federal student aid has grown $1,900 more under President Bush, retirement savings have been decimated, consumer confidence dropped by 51 percent, and the Bush budgets have turned a projected $5.6 trillion Federal surplus into a $2 trillion deficit.  How can one President in 2 years and 3 months have dealt such body blows to the American economy? He did it with the wrong policies, a policy of tax cuts for the wealthy that failed in the first round and will fail again. This budget resolution enshrines those tax cuts and says to our children and future generations: Get prepared to pay off this debt because we have to give tax breaks to wealthy people today.  My friend from Idaho says: Oh, that's just class warfare. I am reminded we were recently visited by Warren Buffett, one of the most wealthy menin America. He said: If this is class warfare, I have something to report: My class is winning.  It certainly is, because if you look at the President's overall tax cuts, and the amount of money that average taxpayers can expect, look at these numbers: $265 for the typical taxpayer in tax relief; and yet for people with over $1 million, $88,873 on an annual basis.  Think about that for a moment. We are saying to the average taxpayer: We are going to give you a modest bicycle and some roller skates. We are saying, for the millionaires: You need a luxury car.  That is the idea of fairness and justice when it comes to the Republican side of the aisle.  Well, it has been absolutely devastating. When you take a look at it in terms of the Bush tax plan, nearly 50 percent of American taxpayers will receive less than $100. They just get the roller skates. The people who are millionaires end up with the luxury limos.  Is that what America is all about, particularly in time of war, when we have children from average, middle-income working families risking their lives for this Nation? Is this the best we can do? To offer a tax cut to the wealthiest people in this country? To say at this time of uncertainty about the cost of the war, and what we will need as a nation, that the best we can come up with is a plan from the White House to give tax breaks to the wealthiest people?  Take a look at this budget conference report and I will tell you what you will find. The Republican approach shortcuts education dramatically. The President passed No Child Left Behind. He said: We are going to help our schools move forward.  We need $9 billion, Mr. President, next year. Your budget provides $400 million--not nearly enough. While school districts face bankruptcy, States are deep in deficit, this administration cannot find the money for education. But it can find the money for tax cuts for wealthy people.  I will tell you, the No. 1 issue I find among families and businesses in Illinois--the No. 1 issue--is not this whole question of tax cuts; it is the cost of health insurance. This administration, in this budget, has done absolutely nothing to deal with the most serious problem that businesses and families face today--nothing. It is better, they believe, to give a tax cut to wealthy people than to deal with real issues that families and businesses face every single day.  You want to deal with tax cuts? Let me tell you one that I find overwhelmingly popular in my town meetings. The Senator from New York has suggested it, Mr. Schumer: a $12,000 deduction each year for college education expenses. Think about working families whose kids get into good schools and face tuition that they never would have dreamed of and debt that they couldn't imagine. Imagine if we could give them tax assistance, give them tax help: $12,000 deductibility.  But, no, the Republicans say that isn't the way to invigorate America. That isn't the vision of the future. Their vision is to make sure the wealthiest among us have more money to spend.  I don't get it. It is classic Republicanism, but it is a classic failure--a failure which over 2 years and 3 months has driven the American economy into the rut.  In my State, we have lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, faced record unemployment rates, and this administration believes the way out of it is to provide tax cuts for the wealthiest people.  I salute the Senator from North Dakota. His leadership on this has been extraordinary. He and the Congressman from South Carolina, John Spratt, have spoken out in honest terms about what we face as a nation. Some of the things the Senator said during the course of the debate are not necessarily politically popular, but they are courageous and they show vision. That is what our military forces are doing in Iraq. That is what we should do here, nothing less. Instead, we are dealing with political calculation and kind of shortsightedness that we will pay for for many generations.  I will vote a resounding no on this budget resolution.  I yield the floor.  