President, I rise today to discuss the CARE Act and my concerns regarding the implementation of President Bush's faith-based initiative.  Like many of my colleagues, I am a person of faith. I support the good work that religious organizations undertake every day. I agree with President Bush and the sponsors of this legislation that there is an important role for the Federal Government to play in encouraging religious organizations to do more for the good of society.  In fact, I support many of the provisions of the CARE Act before us today. For example, I have been an original cosponsor of the Charitable IRA Rollover Act and a cosponsor of the Good Samaritan Hunger Relief Tax Incentive Act in the last two Congresses. I alsosupport the increased funding for the Social Services block grant.  However, when I read the specific details of how the President is implementing his faith-based initiative, I am concerned that the good intentions behind this proposal may be lead to troubling, unintended consequences.  It appears that what the President wants to achieve with this initiative is to fundamentally change the historic balance in the relationship between government and religion that our founding fathers struck over 200 years ago.  I believe and many of my colleagues agree: this Senate debate is historic. With our deliberations, we will test Constitutional principles regarding the place of religion in America in a way they have never been tested.  That is why many Senators joined me in insisting that the Senate take all deliberate time and attention to carefully review this bill and to add language to clarify and improve the bill.  Since the Senator from Pennsylvania has agreed not to add language that would raise concerns with respect to church and state, I have joined with Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island in agreeing not to offer our amendments at this time. However, I would like to take this opportunity to express my concerns regarding the President's implementation of his faith-based initiative which, if offered at a later time, I hope will be subject to a vigorous, important, and historic debate in the Senate.  We should begin this debate at the beginning. The opening words of our Bill of Rights state that:       Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of      religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.  For over two centuries, those 16 words have served us well and have protected religious freedom in America.  We must continue to respect the diversity of belief in America and remember that freedom from government interference was one of the few principles that early Americans, with a variety of religious backgrounds, could agree on.  In fact, many of the settlers who colonized America fled from religious persecution by government officials in their native countries and they still do.  James Madison recognized that this history of religious persecution was based upon Government involvement in establishing official churches. He believed that Government support of certain religions could threaten the liberty of every citizen to hold his or her own religious convictions.  Madison suggested that the Government support of religion differs only in a matter of degree, and he vehemently opposed the payment of taxes in support of any religion.  Before the American Revolution, the State of Virginia rescinded a tax in support of the Anglican Church, which was their so-called established church, and instead granted its citizens religious liberty. However, in 1784, Patrick Henry became concerned with the moral decline of Virginians and he proposed a bill to restore the tax to support ``teachers of the Christian religion.''  Madison responded to this proposal with his ``Memorial and Remonstrance against Religious Assessments.'' This document--written 16 years before the Bill of Rights was adopted--reveals the earliest origins of the concepts behind the first amendment: Madison expressed his opposition to Government involvement in religion because he believed such involvement would interfere with citizens' right of free exercise. Madison also believed that the right of religious freedom was as important as freedom of the press, trial by jury, and the right to vote.  According to Madison, his Memorial was so widely accepted that Henry's proposal failed and Virginia instead enacted Thomas Jefferson's ``Bill for Establishing Religious Freedom in Virginia.''  In this bill, Jefferson expressed his belief that religious liberty is necessary to ensure that individuals are not forced to support religious opinions with which they disagree, to practice faiths they find abhorrent, or to voice allegiance to one faith over another, and:       To compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the      propagation of opinions which he disbelieves and abhors is      sinful.  During their Presidencies, Jefferson and Madison had the opportunity to illustrate their understanding of the first amendment to the Constitution.  In 1801, the Danbury Baptist Association wrote a letter to President Jefferson because it feared that the State of Connecticut would establish the Congregationalist Church as the official religion.  Jefferson responded to the Danbury Baptist Association with a letter on January 1, 1802, in which he reaffirmed his belief that each individual has the right to hold whatever opinion he or she may choose and that the Government should not interfere in religion. This reply contained his now-famous view that the purpose of the first amendment was to build a--in Jefferson's words--``wall of separation between church and state.''  President Madison, in his 8 years in office, vetoed only seven bills--two of which he believed violated the Establishment Clause of the first amendment.  In 1811, Congress passed a bill entitled ``An act incorporating the Protestant Episcopal Church in the town of Alexandria in the District of Columbia.'' This bill would have enacted the rules of the church as a matter of law, thereby giving legal force to the provisions of the church's constitution.  Madison believed that even supporting churches in their charitable functions would give religious organizations too much power in public and civic affairs. He wrote that the bill would be ``precedent for giving to religious societies as such a legal agency in carrying into effect a public and civic duty.'' Think of those words in the context of the proposal before us.  Madison also vetoed a bill ``An act for the relief of Richard Tervin, William Coleman, Edwin Lewis, Samuel Mims, Joseph Wilson, and the Baptist Church at Salem Meeting House, in the Mississippi Territory.'' This bill would have given a Baptist Church specific Federal Government property for the church's use.  Madison believed that:       reserving a certain parcel of land of the United States for      the use of said Baptist Church comprises a principle and      precedent for the appropriation of funds of the United States      for the use and support of religious societies, contrary to      the article of the Constitution which declares that      ``Congress shall make no law respecting a religious      establishment.''  Thanks to Jefferson and Madison, first amendment protections have made America the most tolerant society in the world--a tolerance many of our critics around the world neither understand nor accept. They live in nations where government and religious belief are so closely entwined that diversity of creed is officially discouraged, if not prohibited.  Each of us, when we return home, can drive through our cities and see a Protestant church down the street from a Catholic church, next to a Jewish synagogue which is not too far from a Muslim mosque, and perhaps across the street from a Sikh Gur-dwala. Some churches even share their facilities with congregations from other religious and ethnic groups. To me, this is proof positive that the wisdom of the first amendment is alive and well in America today.  Although some may argue that the faith-based initiative does not ``establish a religion,'' the Supreme Court has ``long held that the First Amendment reaches more than classic, 18th century establishments.''  Indeed, the Supreme Court has examined the history of the first amendment and has come to the same conclusion that I have reached:       For the men who wrote the Religion Clauses of the First      Amendment the `establishment' of a religion connoted      sponsorship, financial support, and active involvement of the      sovereign in religious activity.  That comes from the case of Walz v. Tax Commission in 1970.  This is one principle that President Bush seems to be willing to accept. I am heartened that the White House publication Guidance to Faith-Based and Community Organizations on Partnering with the Federal Government is clear that faith-based organizations cannot use any part of a direct Federal grant to fund religious worship, instruction, or proselytization. Such activities must be separate in time or location.  The President also agrees that faith-based organizations cannot discriminate against beneficiaries or potential beneficiaries of a social service on the basis of religion.  However, one area where we clearly diverge is the issue of employment discrimination on the basis of religion.  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits most public and private employers with 15 or more employees from discriminating in their employment practices on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, and religion.  However, religious employers have an exemption with respect to religious discrimination, which was expanded in 1972.  I will read the current exemption:       This subchapter shall not apply . . . to a religious      corporation, association, educational institution, or society      with respect to the employment of individuals of a particular      religion to perform work connected with the carrying on by      such corporation, association, educational institution, or      society of its activities.  In 1987, the Supreme Court upheld this title VII religious exemption in the case of Corporation of Presiding Bishop of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints v. Amos.  I support this right of religious organizations to use religious criteria in hiring people to carry out their religious work. I have no quarrel with the title VII religious exemption. It makes sense for people of common faith to work together to further their religion's mission.  At the same time, I recognize that discrimination ``on the basis of religion'' can often include discrimination based on other factors that are prohibited by civil rights laws, such as race, ethnicity, and sex.  Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., observed that the hour of worship is one of the most segregated hours in American society. Sadly this is still true today, but many people of similar racial or ethnic backgrounds do prefer to worship together, and there are churches throughout this Nation that target only certain races or ethnic groups.  So, unfortunately, allowing religious organizations to hire only members of their own religion, in many cases, can also mean hiring only members of a certain race or ethnic background.  For example, if employment is limited to the co-religionists of the recipients, how many African Americans will be hired by Orthodox Jewish groups? How many white people will the Nation of Islam employ as security guards in public housing? And what of the many Protestant groups that are overwhelmingly White or overwhelmingly Black or overwhelmingly Hispanic?  The courts also have read the title VII exemption very broadly to allow discrimination on the basis of religion to include the religion's ``tenets and teachings.'' This broad reading has resulted in situations where people of faith who do not necessarily follow the accepted lifestyle or private behavior of that religion have lost their jobs.  Here are some examples of how this law discriminates against people's everyday behavior in addition to their religious beliefs:  In the case of EEOC v. Presbyterian Ministries, Inc., a Christian retirement home fired a Muslim receptionist after she insisted on wearing a head covering as required by her faith.  The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints fired several employees because they failed to qualify for a ``temple recommend,'' that is, a certificate that they were Mormons who abided by the church's standards in such matters as regular church attendance, tithing, and abstinence from coffee, tea, alcohol, and tobacco.  This exemption, unfortunately, has had a particularly harsh impact on women and people of different sexual orientation. Here are some examples of how courts have interpreted this exemption to allow employment discrimination against women and gays under the current title VII exemption:  Numerous Christian schools fired female teachers for having extramarital sex or committing adultery; upheld by the court. A Catholic school fired a teacher who remarried without seeking an annulment of her first marriage in accord with Catholic doctrine; upheld by the court. A Catholic school fired a teacher for marrying a divorced man; upheld by the court. A Catholic university refused to hire a female professor because her views on abortion were not in accord with Catholic teaching; upheld by the court. A Baptist nursing home fired a student services specialist after she was ordained a minister in a gay and lesbian church that advocated views on homosexuality ``which were inconsistent with the [school's] perception of its purpose and mission''; upheld by the court. A church terminated the employment of an organist on the grounds that his homosexuality conflicted with the church's belief; upheld by the court.  I regret that these may be unintended discriminatory consequences today under the title VII exemption where religious organizations hire people using money raised by the church from its own congregation. But what of the case we are discussing? We are not talking about a situation where churches are spending their own money for their own religious purposes and following their own employment codes and practices under the title VII exemption. We are talking about opening up a new world where tax dollars are taken from the treasury and given to these same churches. What if the money is not raised by the congregation or coreligionists, but the money is being raised from the taxpaying public? What standard should we use?  Most scholars agree it is an open legal question as to whether a religious organization can take taxpayer money and use it to discriminate in hiring employees on the basis of religion. It would seem to me that the obvious answer to this question is no. Any other response would result in taxpayer-funded discrimination. I will return to this question and the reasons for my answer after examining asking how this issue fits into the broader picture of the President's faith-based initiative.  The faith-based initiative has been marketed as a proposal to ``level the playing field'' for religious organizations that seek government funds to pay for social service programs. However, it appears that the supporters of the initiative do not want to level the playing field; they want to create a special set of rules for religious organizations which would result in special treatment that other nongovernmental organizations do not currently enjoy.  President Bush has demonstrated, through his Executive orders and agency regulations, that his faith-based initiative goes far beyond religious icons, religious names, religious language in chartering documents or religious criteria for membership on governing boards. I do not object to any of those stated goals which I have heard from the Senator from Pennsylvania and the Senator from Connecticut as well as the President. I have seen the enforcement of rules and standards which I think have gone way too far.  I can think of my own hometown of Springfield where there is a long-simmering controversy still brought up regularly about whether a teacher could come in and teach a driver training course at the Catholic high school if that teacher were paid for out of public school funds and that Catholic high school and its classroom had a crucifix on the wall. It rubbed a lot of people of my Catholic religion the wrong way, that people would argue that the mere presence of that crucifix was somehow offensive or violated the law. That argument goes to the extreme. I do not hold those views. I support the position stated time and again by the Senators from Pennsylvania and Connecticut that we ought to draw a more reasonable line. The House of Representatives, with mottos on the walls ``In God We Trust,'' with our currency reflecting that, with chaplains in the House and Senate, we can state a reasonable standard that does not violate the basic freedom of religion or establishment clause of our Constitution. But I do object to the administration bypassing Congress to write one set of rules for secular organizations and another for religious organizations.  For example, all recipients of government grants currently are required to abide by a host of regulatory requirements, including filing IRS documentation and complying with all State and local laws. Supporters of the faith-based initiative would like to exempt religious organizations from complying with these important regulations, such as those dealing with health and safety. Explain that for a moment.  If in the State of Illinois or my city of Springfield someone wants to run a daycare center and we have decided, for the safety of the children in thedaycare center, there should be perhaps a sprinkler system, a fire alarm, or a fire escape, certain doors so that kids can get out in case of emergency, why, if this becomes a faith-based childcare center, should we reduce or limit that same application of health and safety standards? It doesn't make sense. One of the amendments which needs to be offered as part of this conversation on faith-based initiatives will address that.  Take a look at the Teen Challenge substance abuse program which President Bush has mentioned many times. In 1995, the Texas Commission on Alcohol and Drug Abuse threatened to close Teen Challenge after issuing a 49-page list of violations of State health and safety codes. The list included unlicensed counselors, food preparation that created a health hazard, a broken smoke detector system, and exposed wires and electrical outlets. Then-Governor Bush responded by exempting faith-based drug treatment programs from all of the State health and safety regulations that were followed by their secular counterparts.  I don't know how you could reach that conclusion. It is one thing to be imbued with a religion; it is another thing to ignore the obvious. If there is a terrible accident or fire or some disaster, children in faith-based institutions deserve the same level of legal protection as those in institutions run as businesses.  This special treatment was not limited to drug treatment programs. Faith-based childcare centers and residential children's homes could use an alternative accreditation program that would exempt them from State licensing. The special treatment for these alternatively accredited facilities was that there were no unannounced inspections of the facilities as required by State law. As a result, the rate of confirmed abuse and neglect at alternatively accredited facilities was 25 times higher than that of State-licensed facilities. Whom are we doing a favor for by exempting the faith-based charity from standards of unannounced inspections to make certain that they are living up to the letter of the law?  The complaint rate at alternatively accredited facilities was 75 percent compared to 5.4 percent at State-licensed facilities. Due to these staggering outcomes, this accreditation program sunset in 2001 and has never been renewed.  The White House has also given indications it may provide special treatment to religious organizations by exempting them from State and local laws addressing employment discrimination. I have a great deal of respect for the Salvation Army. They do wonderful work, not only in the United States but around the world. But they had a rather embarrassing incident in July of 2001 when an internal report was discovered that stated their group had received a ``firm commitment'' from the Bush White House to protect religious charities from State and local laws regarding sexual orientation discrimination and domestic partner benefits. I hope that is not the goal of the Bush White House in pushing this faith-based initiative.  Over the past 2 years, President Bush and his faith-based initiative have repeatedly eroded 200 years of carefully protected separation between church and state. In what the Washington Post called ``faith-based by fiat,'' President Bush signed Executive Order 13279, in December of 2002, to overturn principles of nondiscrimination in Federal contracts that have stood for over 60 years.  The House of Representatives is currently considering the reauthorization of the Workforce Investment Act. The legislation has been marked up in the House, and it would repeal 20 years of civil rights protections against religious discrimination. The House also has held hearings regarding the reauthorization of the Corporation for National and Community Service, known as AmeriCorps. In its proposed legislation, the House would repeal a decade of civil rights protections against religious discrimination in employment that were signed into law by President Bush's father.  Finally, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has proposed rules to allow religious organizations to use Federal funds to build centers where religious worship is held as long as parts of the building are also used for social services.  Supporters of the faith-based initiative want to know why we are raising these issues now, when Congress included charitable choice provisions in legislation we passed as far back as 1996. The difference is this: Then-President Clinton made it clear, as part of the technical corrections package to the welfare reform bill, that nothing included therein would change the fundamental protections against religious discrimination which were currently in the law. President Clinton did that as well in the reauthorization of Community Services Block Grant Programs in 1998 and the reauthorization of the Substance Abuse Mental Health Services Act in 2000. Unfortunately, in this debate, that same assurance has not been given.  I want to go to a point which really gets to the heart of the issue. It is a difficult one. It is one for which I don't have an answer. When you talk about faith-based initiatives, you are talking about religion in America. The obvious and important question is: What is a religion? There are many that we readily will recognize as being established religions of all different denominations. But when it comes to the definition of religion, many people self-define their beliefs and activities as religion.  Jim Jones led people to a mass suicide in Guyana, and David Koresh and his Branch Davidians in Waco, TX, have become scarred in the American memory as tragic reminders of what happens when people are blindly led by fanatics who use the guise of religion for their own personal, violent agenda. I represent a State which is the home of the so-called World Church of the Creator, which has to be one of the most perverted extremist groups in America that I know of, which claims itself to be a religion. On its Web site, the so-called ``Reverend'' Matt Hale--who graduated from law school but was not allowed to be licensed under the rules and practices of the bar in Illinois--proudly welcomes visitors, saying:       We are a religious, nonprofit organization, with our world      headquarters in the State of Illinois. At the time of this      writing, we have 24 regional and local branches of the church      and members all over the world.  What are the tenets of his church and religion, of this World Church of the Creator? Here is what he says in his own words:       After 6,000 years of recorded history, our people finally      have a religion of, for, and by them. Creativity is that      religion. It is established for the survival, expansion, and      advancement of our white race exclusively. Indeed, we believe      that what is good for the white race is the highest virtue,      and what is bad for the white race is the ultimate sin.  I cannot think of any more hateful rhetoric spewed in the name of religion. That is exactly what is happening today. Recently someone challenged their dismissal of employment because they were members of this church. The court came back and said it is a religion and has to be treated as such for the purpose of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  So here we come to a point where we are talking about giving Federal dollars to those who call themselves religions for the purpose of performing social services. What is the threshold question we should ask? Is this truly a religion or is this something else in the guise of a religion? What are we doing with taxpayer dollars? Would we want to spend $1 supporting the racist views of the World Church of the Creator because they tell the Federal Government they have a program to deal with drug abuse or to provide childcare services in central Illinois? I hope not. But once you have opened this door and start talking about Federal dollars given to religion for social services, you open up a can of worms, a set of questions and great challenges that we have not faced for many years, if ever.  I am worried as I look across the various religions of the world, not just those purporting to be Christian but some who are members of different religions that have taken what in fact are extreme views.  It was only a little more that a year ago that the people of Afghanistan were still suffering under the violent and oppressive regime of the Taliban, which suppressed and punished its people in the name of Islamic fundamentalist religious beliefs.  Thanks to the leadership of the United States and our military, wehave now liberated the Afghan people from the Taliban, which, like Al Qaeda, had distorted the peaceful religion of Islam for their own destructive purposes.  The leaders of the Taliban were trained in ``madrassas,'' which are characterized as religious schools. But those familiar with these institutions often call many of them ``jihad factories'' because of the extreme nature of their ``religious'' indoctrination and the militancy they train.  At madrassas, the Taliban preached that freedom afforded to women is the main reason for social degradation, and that the best place for women was inside the four walls of their homes--cut off from education and cut off from opportunity.  They also preached that television is the ``spark of hell'' responsible for moral degradation, and watching it or listening to music was un-Islamic and sinful. And when they came to power, the Taliban put all of these distorted lessons to practice against their own people.  The Taliban is perhaps the most recent example of extremism in the name of religion that we have witnessed.  But since the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran, we have seen numerous radical Islamic fundamentalists utilize their religious ideology as the driving force behind the most active Middle Eastern terrorist groups and state sponsors.  For example, Hizballah of Lebanon calls itself the ``Party of God'' although there is nothing godly about its terrorist activities.  Hizballah was founded in 1982 as a faith-based organization by Lebanese Shiite clerics who were inspired by the Islamic ideology of Iran's Ayatollah Khomeini. Its original goal was to establish an Islamic republic in Lebanon. But many of the Shiite Muslims who rule Hizballah studied in Iran's theological seminaries while receiving terrorist training there as well.  The trainings paid off as this terrorist group became responsible for the detention of most, if not all, American and other Western hostages held in Lebanon during the 1980s and early 1990s. Eighteen Americans were held hostage during that period, three of whom were killed.  Hizballah is also suspected in the April 1983 suicide truck bombings of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut and the U.S. Marine barracks in October 1983 that killed 220 Marine, 18 Navy and 3 Army personnel.  And Hizballah is also suspected to have been behind the hijacking of TWA Flight 847 in 1985, and the killing of a Navy diver, Robert Stethem, who was on board.  Hamas, Al-Jihad, Abu Sayyaf, and Islamic Movement are some of the other better-known extremists that argue their organizations are based on Islamic religious beliefs.  There are radical Jewish groups as well, such as Kach and Kahane Chai. These two Jewish movements seek to expel all Arabs from Israel and expand Israel's boundaries to include the occupied territories and parts of Jordan. Founded by extremist Rabbi Meir Kahane, these groups also argue for strict implementation of Jewish law in Israel.  I do not mean to suggest here that the President's faith-based initiative will necessarily lead to such religious extremism.  At the same time, I want to make it clear that this is not an easy question. To dismiss it simply as a question about whether or not we are tolerant of religion is one thing, but the question of whether we are going to subsidize religious belief that reaches the extreme is really something else.  The important message we must send is that religious organizations that take taxpayers' money should not be able to use those funds to discriminate in hiring employees on the basis of religion. The American people have been asked their opinion on this issue. The response is interesting.  According to the Washington Post, in a 2001 survey conducted by the Pew Research Center:       When people were asked whether ``religious groups that use      Government funds [should] be allowed to hire only those who      share their religious beliefs,'' 78 percent said ``no'' and      18 percent said ``yes''--a degree of objection that so      surprised researchers that they repeated the question three      different ways. . . .  They received the same answer time and time again. On the other hand, the Bush administration believes that Government-funded discrimination in hiring on the basis of religion is acceptable.  According to a U.S. Department of Justice Office of Legal Counsel memorandum on June 25, 2001:       We conclude, for the reasons set forth more fully below,      that a faith-based organization receiving direct Federal aid      may make employment decisions on the basis of religion      without running afoul of the Establishment Clause.  In the only case that directly addressed whether the Title VII exemption applies to a position funded by government funds, the Southern District Court of Mississippi ruled that it did not.  In the 1989 case Dodge v. Salvation Army, Jamie Dodge was employed by the Salvation Army in its Domestic Violence Shelter as the Victims Assistance Coordinator.  After the Director of the shelter saw Ms. Dodge using the Salvation Army's copy machine, Ms. Dodge admitted that she had made copies of manuals and information on Wiccan rituals.  Soon after making these admissions, Ms. Dodge was terminated.  She filed a complaint that because the shelter where she worked received substantial federal and state funds, the Title VII exemption could not be applied to her.  The District Court ruled that ``even though the religious exemption does permit the Salvation Army to terminate an employee based on religious grounds, the fact that the plaintiff's position as Victims' Assistance Coordinator was funded substantially, if not entirely, by federal, state, and local government, gives rise to constitutional considerations which effectively prohibit the application of the exemption to the facts in this case.''  Furthermore, the Court held that ``Based on the facts in the present case, the effect of the government substantially, if not exclusively, funding a position such as the Victims' Assistance Coordinator and then allowing the Salvation Army to choose the person to fill or maintain the position based on religious preference clearly has the effect of advancing religion and is unconstitutional.  Despite this ruling, the issue is considered an open legal question because the case was not considered beyond the District Court and there are several other cases which at least partially address this question.  However, this is not just a legal question or a hypothetical line we are drawing in the sand.  One of the cases I would like to point out is a case that really talks about discrimination firsthand. It is the case of Alan Yorker and his experience with United Methodist Children's Home in Decatur, GA. The children's home, which receives almost half of its money from Government sources, provides residential group foster care for 70 young people, many of whom are in State custody.  Mr. Yorker responded to an advertisement in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution for a position at the home. As a psychotherapist with over 20 years experience counseling young people and their families and over a decade of experience teaching in Emory University professional schools, the home determined that his credentials placed him among the top candidates for the position. He was rushed in for an interview, where he was required to disclose in an application form his religious affiliation, his church and minister. Mr. Yorker, a Jew, supplied the names of his synagogue and rabbi. During the interview, an administrator noted that Mr. Yorker was Jewish and told him that this children's home doesn't hire people who are Jewish. He was shown the door.  Let me tell you that this didn't happen decades ago; this is of recent vintage. The same administrator told another employee that it is the home's practice to throw the resumes of applicants with Jewish-sounding names in the trash. The Yorker name got past her.  Ironically, Yorker has not always been the family name. Alan Yorker's Jewish paternal grandfather, Harry Monjesky, spent many years as a conductor on the New York Central Railroad. When the railroad began to face tough times, Jewish and African-American workers were singled out for layoffs first, regardless of their seniority.Mr. Monjesky was fired and left without a livelihood. Several years later, when Alan's father reached adulthood, he changed his name to Yorker. He wanted to make sure that his children would be judged by their merit and not by their surname or private religious beliefs.  That is how Alan Yorker's resume landed at the top of the pile instead of the home's trash bin. And nearly a century after his grandfather was turned away by the Railroad because of his religion, Alan Yorker faced the same discrimination when applying for a government-funded position.  I will conclude by saying that these are examples of what is being done in the name of religion. For it to be done by a religious organization to achieve a religious goal, with funds raised by co-religionists, is certainly allowed in title VII of the Civil Rights Act. To say, however, that we are going to open the Federal Treasury and provide millions of dollars to religions for social services, and then approve of their discriminatory activity in the name of religion, is branching out in a direction that our Founding Fathers could never have considered, let alone condoned.  In light of this complex constitutional issue, I think it is fair to ask why we even need a faith-based initiative. President Bush believes it is necessary because ``people should be allowed to access money without having to lose their mission or change their mission.'' However, current law already permits groups that are affiliated with religious entities to provide social services with Government funding.  Catholic Charities, Lutheran Social Services, Jewish Federations, and many other religious organizations have received--and continue to receive--taxpayer funds from the Government to provide much-needed services that our Government is often unable and unavailable to provide.  These organizations access Federal funds without changing their missions. For example, Catholic Charities has a publication entitled ``10 Ways Catholic Charities are Catholic.'' At the same time, Catholic Charities in Chicago, which I am proud to represent, also issues the following statement on its Web site:       Catholic Charities employs more than 3,000 dedicated,      compassionate and professional men and women, regardless of      race, religion, or ethnic background.  Many Catholic Charities across the Nation have similar equal opportunity statements.  As thousands of Americans visit our Nation's Capital, many will stop at the Jefferson Memorial and read the following inscription, in the words of Thomas Jefferson:       No man shall be compelled to frequent or support any      religious worship ministry or shall otherwise suffer on      account of his opinions in matters of religion.  These words, from Jefferson's ``Bill for Establishing Religious Freedom in Virginia,'' are as relevant now as they were in 1785. Although we don't debate the faith-based initiative proposal in its entirety today, I look forward to the opportunity to continue to protect our historic balance in the relationship between church and state.  I yield the floor.  