It is the first time Congress has seriously considered offering help to senior citizens to pay for prescription drugs. I have said to Senators Grassley and Baucus, who bring S. 1, the bill that is before us, to the floor, that I congratulate them for their good efforts. It is not an easy achievement.  For the first time in American history, we will offer this kind of assistance to seniors. But I have to say, having conceded their valiant effort, this prescription drug plan they have brought to the floor still has major deficiencies and major problems. I think it is going to run into a firestorm of criticism, primarily from senior citizens and their families, once they understand the specifics of S. 1.  For example, a lot has been said about a $35 monthly premium. This bill, S. 1, doesn't guarantee a $35 monthly premium for prescription drug coverage. It is a suggestion. It is not even worth the paper it is printed on. What is guaranteed is a $275 deductible, which means you really don't get any drug coverage until you have spent at least $275. For some people, that is not a major outlay from their own personal budget. For others, it could be.  There also is no assurance in terms of the amount of money that will be paid for your prescription drugs by the Government. The goal is 50/50--that you would split it with the Government. There is no assurance that will happen.  There is also going to be a gap in coverage. In other words, if you sign up for this voluntary program, if you pay your monthly premium of $35 plus, and if you start receiving checks from the Government, you may find a time, perhaps during the end of the year, when the Government checks stop coming because there is a gap in coverage.  My friend, Senator Boxer of California, will offer an amendment later to say what are we going to do about cancer victims--people who take expensive drugs that are necessary to save their lives. Under the bill before us, there will come a point in time each year when the Government stops helping cancer victims pay for the prescription drugs they need to stay alive. That gap in coverage is troubling, and it should be.  Also, there is no allocation for money spent by employers on behalf of retirees, that that be counted for the employee's benefit to qualify for this plan, which means that some employers might be tempted not to provide coverage at all to their retirees, and others won't see the benefit of that coverage because it doesn't translate into help under S. 1.  Those who push this plan believe in competition, so long as the competition is limited to two HMOs that can offer private insurance coverage for prescription drugs. That is the onlycompetition they are interested in. The interesting thing is, when you go to the seniors of America and say what are you looking for in a prescription drug plan, it is an amazing response.  Over 600 seniors were asked in a survey of a week or so ago: Which should be a higher priority of Congress, passing prescription drug coverage for seniors under Medicare or passing a bill to control excessive prices for prescription drugs? The choice: S. 1, prescription drug coverage for seniors under Medicare or passing a bill to control the excessive, runaway, skyrocketing prices.  Look at what they said. Of all seniors--people over 55--25 percent want Medicare drug coverage; 53 percent said control drug prices. Then look as you go down here. That portion here, 55 to 64 years of age, said 25 percent want Medicare drug coverage; 57 percent said control drug prices. For seniors, 65 and older, 26 percent want Medicare drug coverage and 50 percent said control drug prices.  In each instance, by a margin of more than 2-to-1, seniors--people over the age of 55--have said to Congress: Don't miss the ball here. The object has to be controlling the excessive cost of drugs. You can offer a helping hand to us, and that is good--25 percent believe that is good--but it won't mean anything if you don't do something about the cost of prescription drugs.  I am sorry to report to you that S. 1--I always have to look to see how many pages this is--with 654 pages doesn't dedicate a paragraph or a page to bringing down the excessive cost of prescription drugs. So the No. 1 issue, by a margin of 2-to-1, for people over 55 in America is controlling excessive drug prices, and it is ignored by S. 1. So here we are with this historic opportunity, and we are completely missing what most seniors in America believe to be the highest priority.  I went to my staff and said: Let's start from the beginning. What kind of a prescription drug program would we create if we had a blank slate? I said to them: Here is what I would like to see us come up with. Let me give a comparison between what we are proposing as my substitute amendment and the underlying bill.  The Grassley-Baucus bill has a $275 deductible. I said: Let's eliminate that deductible, and we did. Under the MediSAVE amendment, there is no deductible.  The premium under Grassley-Baucus is estimated to be $35, which means it could be much higher. I said: Let's require that the premium for this volunteer prescription drug plan be $35 defined in statute.  Cost sharing, under the best of circumstances, is 50/50 under the Grassley-Baucus plan, and under the MediSAVE plan, which we propose, it is 70/30, a substantially greater benefit for every senior covered by this plan.  The coverage gap I mentioned earlier in Grassley-Baucus says if you reach a point where you had $4,500 in prescription drugs in a given year--not an outrageous possibility; that is a little more than $350, $400 a month; a lot of seniors face that--that at some point during the course of the year your benefits will stop. I said: Eliminate that gap. I want full coverage all the way up to the catastrophic level of $5,000 in prescription drugs, which then kicks in at 90-percent reimbursement. And we did.  Then we got to this issue: Will we have lower prescription drug prices? Under Grassley-Baucus, no. That is why the pharmaceutical companies love this bill. We have not heard a word from them. They think this is great. Uncle Sam is going to provide some assistance to seniors to pay for prescription drugs, and the drug companies can continue to hike the prices of the drugs every single year without any restraint in S. 1. But we know there is a better way, and the better way is not socialism, as some of my critics might say.  The better way is the Veterans' Administration of the United States of America. They look at their hospitals across America and the millions of veterans they serve and they go to the drug companies and say: If you want your drug used in our Veterans' Administration hospitals, you have to give us a discount, and they do. The drug companies give a 40- to 50-percent discount, and that should be part of this Medicare plan as well.  Probably the most important single element in this MediSAVE plan I am offering is we are going to have Health and Human Services negotiating group purchasing. Drug companies are not going to like this. Pharmaceutical companies do not like to see their profit margins come down. But these are the most profitable corporations in America. I do not believe it is the responsibility of the Senate to find ways to reward the special interest groups, the pharmaceutical companies, and the HMOs at the expense of senior citizens. That is exactly what this bill does.  As I mentioned earlier, more benefits would count toward out-of-pocket spending. Medicare would have a deliberate benefit available. That is what I think is equally important. We say: Fine, competition in choice. Private insurance companies can offer prescription drug benefits but allow Medicare, the Government agency, to have a prescription drug program available to every senior across the United States.  Why is that important? Medicare, as an agency, has no profit motive. Medicare, as an agency, has a lower administrative cost than health insurance companies across America, and Medicare, an agency speaking for tens of millions of seniors, can negotiate lower prices. They can do what the Veterans' Administration has done, and that is why many of the most conservative Members of this Chamber live in dread for fear that Medicare would be able to compete with private insurance companies. Put that competition in place. Give the seniors a choice. MediSAVE does it. Grassley-Baucus does not.  We have an option for private coverage. Of course, it is in both bills.  We have a fallback which says if a senior citizen wants to go to the Medicare plan, they can always go to it, whether there is a private insurance plan in their region.  The benefit begins, incidentally, under the Grassley-Baucus bill, conveniently after the next Presidential election. So the White House can go around crowing about S. 1, prescription drug coverage is on the way, we delivered for seniors of America, and it is going to show up a few days after the election. What is wrong with this picture?  Seniors need help right now. A discount card is nice, but let's put a prescription drug policy in place that helps seniors right now. So we call on the establishment of this program as soon as practicable.  How did we do this? How did we put together all these benefits, which are much more generous than Grassley-Baucus, and still have CBO score it at $400 billion? I learned a little trick from the Republican side of the aisle when it came to tax cuts. When they could not get enough money for tax cuts, they decided they would sunset them at some point and reauthorize them. We did the same thing.  Grassley-Baucus costs $400 billion scored through 2013. Our MediSAVE substitute costs $400 billion scored to sunset at 2010. At that point, Congress can take a look at it. If we reach the point where we want to reauthorize the program or change it, it is up to us. In the meantime, we offer seniors in America a quality program, something they want, something they can use, and something that will truly help them.  If we do not address the cost of prescription drugs as part of a prescription drug program, we are going to fail. There is nothing we can do offering a percentage helping hand to seniors that will keep up with the dramatic increase in the cost of prescription drugs, which happens every single year. This substitute I am offering will provide that kind of competition.  Before I yield to my friend from Minnesota, who is a cosponsor of this amendment, let me give a couple other items that I believe might be of interest to my colleagues.  The Durbin MediSAVE amendment is cosponsored by Senator Dayton of Minnesota, who is here, Senator Boxer, Senator Byrd, Senator Corzine, Senator Harkin, Senator Landrieu, Senator Stabenow, and Senator Johnson. It also has been endorsed by the AFL-CIO, United Auto Workers, AFSME, Alliance for Retired Americans, the American Federation of Teachers, and the National Committee to Preserve and Protect Social Security.  At this point, I wish to yield, for the purpose of debate, to my colleaguefrom Minnesota, Senator Dayton, without yielding the floor.  