 First, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Although we disagree on the approach, and I certainly do not support S. 11, I encourage all of my colleagues in the Senate to join me in stopping this bill from moving forward. This is too important to come to the floor without a committee hearing, without deliberation. It is unfair to address the medical malpractice premium crisis in America by simply saying that victims of malpractice shall be limited in what they can receive from a court.It is unfair for us to put ourselves in the place of a jury. If we are going to deal with the malpractice insurance crisis that faces us, let us do it in an honest and complete fashion.  Early in this debate, I told the story about David from the small town in downstate Illinois. At 6 years of age he went in with a high fever and because of medical negligence and medical errors, this 6-year-old boy became a quadriplegic. He is unable to communicate with others. He breaths through a tracheotomy stoma and is fed through a gastrointestinal tube. They believe he understands what is being said, but he is unresponsive. He is now 17 years of age. His mother has quit her job at a local college to be with him full time.  The decision of this bill is that in cases such as David's what they are going to go through the rest of their lives, David and his family, is worth no more than $250,000 in pain and suffering.  This verdict by this jury in the Senate is unfair. I say to doctors across America who have a genuinely serious problem that needs to be addressed, the love and compassion you give to your patients, the commitment you made to your patients is inconsistent with the message of this bill. I believe doctors in my home State and those I have met with in other places are some of the finest people with whom I have ever worked. I genuinely want to work with them to deal with malpractice premiums that are much too high, by reducing the incidence of malpractice, by saying to insurance companies, just because you made a bad investment does not mean you will run a doctor out of business--that is what is happening with these high premiums--and by saying as well to the legal profession, the bad actors have to get out of the courtroom; stop harassing doctors with frivolous lawsuits. That is relatively uncommon, but where it occurs in one case, that is one case too many.  We need to come together after this bill is stopped today in a good-faith, bipartisan effort as we did on the terrorism insurance issue. We need to bring in the AMA, the bar association, the trial lawyers, the insurance companies, and all parties that can come to a good solution. We need to do it quickly. We need a tax credit for doctors right now. We do not need to pass a bill that might help them 8 or 10 years from now; we need to pass a tax credit now, so they can get through this troublesome period where the insurance companies have seen the bottom fall out of their investment and are charging these high premiums. That is the fair way to deal with it.  Please, do not close off a day in court for deserving victims of medical malpractice.  