President, throughout the course of the day, those who have followed the debate know we have been discussing the state of the economy and what we can do in Washington--if anything--to improve it. I listened with great interest to my friend and colleague from Utah, Senator Bennett, who came to the floor and admonished us to remember that government did not create jobs. He was very specific in saying jobs are created by business, by the capital investment, the creativity, the entrepreneurship, and risk taking of individuals. It is hard to argue with that. My own experience in business confirmed as a basic premise that the success of business and the private sector depends to a great extent on individuals.  It is naive to suggest that is all it takes in order for a businessperson to be successful. There are several things they have to turn to. One is the rule of law which, fortunately, we have for the most part in this country. Some countries do not have that. They also have to look to a basic infrastructure in a country to serve that business, whether it is the telephone communications or the Internet or highways, which of course involve government, and of course the educational training of the people in the business; that usually involves the government, as well--things that we do create a climate for business to succeed or fail.  What we are talking about now is how to improve the business climate in America: What is it we can do that will encourage entrepreneurs--businesses large and small--to expand and create employment with the production of goods and services, create the kind of economic activity that leads to economic growth and the improvement of the quality of life in America? That is what the debate comes down to.  I would not argue with Senator Bennett's premise, but I conclude that a good government with good policies can certainly help businesses prosper. We need it at this point in time. The unemployment data we have been given by official government sources suggests we are facing unemployment levels that we have not seen for 50 years in the United States. It is hard to imagine we are at that point, but we are. The economy lost 101,000 jobs in December, 188,000 over the last 2 months; 188,000 wage earners and employees in America are unemployed. What can we do to create a business climate to put them back to work?  The President came in with his so-called stimulus or growth package. He said, by analysis, that it would create 123,000 jobs after the next year. Think about that for a second. The President's plan would create 123,000 over the next 12 months, and we have lost almost twice that number in the last 2 months. So if you say that the President's commitment to this is halfhearted or not complete, it is fair. We should be talking about what we can do, if anything, to invigorate this economy overall. Many believe the President's package falls far short of the mark.  Look at what the President has said on how much he would spend on a stimulus plan. Here are the Democratic alternatives. Senator Baucus, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, would spend $160 billion in the first year; Congresswoman Pelosi, the Democratic leader in the House of Representatives, $136 billion in the first year. Look at the President's plan: $35 billion in the first year. No wonder it does not create jobs. No wonder it does not invigorate the economy.  But stay tuned. The President's plan, after the first year, spends a massive amount of money, $674 billion, and, with interest, almost $1 trillion for the President's plan.  But it does not meet the first test. The first test is: Does it stimulate the economy? Does it get us moving again? Will it encourage businesses to expand and encourage people to invest? Will it create jobs? Will it create wealth? The honest answer is, for this downpayment of $35 billion, it is not much of a commitment. The sad part is that even though it is not much of a commitment, the overall cost of the President's plan over the 10-year period of time, $939 billion for the President's plan, comes directly out of the Social Security trust fund. So, not only does the President's plan fail to stimulate the economy, the money that is being spent, the tax breaks being given, are coming right out of the Social Security trust fund.  Remember the ``Saturday Night Live'' routine where Al Gore, during the campaign, was being chided for always talking about the lockbox and people wondering: What is this politician raving about--a lockbox? What could this mean? It was a shorthand term used on the floor of the Senate over and over again by Democrats and Republicans to suggest we were creating a lockbox for Social Security; we were never going to reach into Social Security; we were going to protect it at all costs. That debate disappeared 2 years ago. And now we have a wholesale raid on the Social Security trust fund. The lockbox has been busted open and is now being spent right and left at the very time when we know the Social Security trust fund is going to need to have extraordinary resources in order to meet its obligations.  Let me show this illustration. This is the Social Security trust fund that is going to face a cash deficit as baby boomers retire. People born immediately after World War II reach their Social Security eligibility after having paid a lifetime into Social Security and will turn to their Government for this pension protection into which they paid. We know they are coming in large numbers--the largest numbers in our history. The question is: Will we be prepared? The answer is: No, if you follow President Bush's plan.  What I am about to show gets even worse. This is an illustration of what happens to the Social Security cash deficit. This period shows a surplus of Social Security. It is because we were drawing more from payroll taxes and we were trying to create surpluses in Washington which would not raid the Social Security trust fund. For years in the Clinton administration, we had surpluses for the first time in 30 years. The surpluses meant that the Social Security trust fund was showing a surplus.  Look at what happens. In the year 2017, right as the baby boomers start arriving in huge numbers, we now see all the accumulated surpluses in Social Security trust fund, the green ink disappearing into red ink. Look at what is coming. One would say a good steward, a President who saw this, would think twice about a tax plan which would create a deeper pool of red ink in the Social Security trust fund. But, in fact, he is not. President Bush's plan, $939 billion over 10 years, as I mentioned earlier, creates even greater deficits in Social Security.  Will we meet our obligations in these years? I might not be here to attest to it, but I would guess we would. We will not break our faith with the American people. But it basically means we will be drawing money from other government spending to put it into Social Security to make up for the deficit which we are creating and aggravating today.  Would anyone consider that in terms of your own family and children? Would anyone consider it fair to enter into a debt today that your children would have to pay--a substantial debt that you know your children would have to sacrifice to pay? I don't think that is fair for a family. I don't think it is fair for America. So the President's plan not only betrays the baby boom generation which is expecting its payment and deserves it, it is entitled to it, it betrays their children and grandchildren who will have to pay off the debts created by the President's economic policies and decisions today.  Of course we know about Medicare, another plan that is critically important for seniors across America. This chart shows health insurance for senior citizens. About the same thing is happening with Medicare, as shown on this chart, as happens with Social Security. As the baby boomers arrive, taking advantage of Medicare, with escalating health care costs, less and less money is available, creating deficits. Nothing is being done by this administration to deal with this crisis. In fact, the President's economic stimulus plan will make the crisis worse. We take the money out of Medicare, out of the Social Security trust fund, and make it more difficult to meet those obligations which we know we will face. This cannot be ignored. It is reality.  As we look at this, we find ourselves going more deeply into debt because of the plans of the President. These are projections the President's administration came up with. When we said ``the debt to be held by the public of the United States in the year 2008,'' the President told us in January of 2001 not to worry, the first round of his tax cuts would be so good for the economy, would encourage so much growth, that we would see the debt of America by the year 2008 shrink to $36 billion. I wish that were true. In fact, his administration came back 2 years later and said: Slight miscalculation. We have to recalculate the anticipated debt in 2008, and it will not be $36 billion, it will be $4.7 trillion.  So the President's first economic stimulus plan fell flat on its face. It gave tax breaks to the wealthiest people in America. It did not invigorate the economy. It created more deficits and more debt, and the President has said to us: We want to continue doing that, we want to continue moving in that direction.  That is not healthy for America. That kind of debt will have to be paid for by our children, and the Government borrowing this money will be at the expense of the capital available for businesses in the private sector.  Going back to Senator Bennett's point, a business wanting to create a job many times needs capital to expand. A businessperson, if he or she doesn't have the money to put in the business, will borrow it. The interest rates paid will depend on the competition for that money. If the competition is fierce for limited money, interest rates go up.  