President, this past weekend my wife and I met up with some life-long friends from my home area of East Saint Louis, IL. We had a good time together. We sat around and talked about our lives and some of the challenges we face.  My friends own a small business. It is a trucking company with about six or eight employees, and about the same number of trucks. It has been in their family for decades. They are very proud of it. They put their life work into it. We talk about business every time I see them. This time the conversation was not so much about business; it was about an issue which was clearly on their minds, and I believe the minds of small and large businessmen across America. The issue was health insurance.  Something they had taken for granted for so many years has now become a challenge not only to their business but to their personal lives. A few years ago, one of their employees' wives had a baby with some serious medical problems. As a result of that, when the health insurance for their small company came up for renewal the next year, they saw their premiums double.  This small company struggling to get by was faced with an impossible burden, how to continue to provide health insurance for the families and the workers in their employ at costs that were now out of reach. They tried for a year. When the rates continued to go up, in desperation they made a desperate decision. They called their employees in and said: We can no longer offer health insurance to you as an employee of this company. We will give you the amount of money we were paying monthly as a premium as an increase in your pay, but you have to go out in the open market and find health insurance.  The sad reality is one of the families, the one with the sick child, could not find health insurance, and still has not. The others found it with costs going up every year. But that was not the end of the story. They went on to tell me the insurance they now have to buy in the open market is almost worthless. If they should ever turn in a claim during the course of the year for any medical problem, they can count in the next year that that will be excluded from coverage and protection. If you have a problem with your foot, of any kind, in the next year the health insurance policy offered to you will exclude anything to deal with feet, either one of them, any condition.  The woman told me at this get-together: When I go to get a mammogram now and they ask me who my doctor is, I tell them I do not have one. Send the results to me personally. She said: I try to decide whether or not something serious has been found. I cannot let this get into my medical records because, frankly, I will find an exclusion to coverage if any question is raised.  This was a very startling conversation for me. It was an eye opener. What troubled me the most about this, I do this for a living. I am a Senator, and I am proud of it. I have devoted my life to public service and I hope I have done some good, but when my friends, family members, and businesses across my State all come to me with the same concern over and over again, I cannot explain the feeling of helplessness and frustration I have.  I think about that in the context of the debate in which we are engaged. Of all the debate in the last several years in Washington, DC, of all of the proposals from this administration and from the leaders in this Congress, why is it we can never get close to the issues that really count, the issues that are tearing families and businesses apart? The cost of health insurance is one of those issues. As a nation, is it expensive for us to try to come up with a new approach which says that every American, regardless of their wealth or poverty, will have a basic level of protection of health insurance? That cannot be beyond us.  This is a country and a society which took a look at its impoverished parents and grandparents over 50 years ago and said, we are going to create Social Security. We want these people whom we love to live in dignity. This is the same country and society which in the 1960s took a look at the same parents and grandparents and said, for goodness sakes, they ought to have basic health insurance. If they have retired, we are going to create Medicare. And we did. This is a country which stepped back and said we are no longer going to discriminate against people because of their disabilities or handicaps. We are going to provide them protection, and we did.  Time and time again, we have risen to the challenge. But what do we have before us now? A debate on the floor of the Senate about a tax cut, the range of the cost of this tax cut over a 10-year period, $420 billion to $550 billion, a significant sum of money, on top of a tax cut we just passed 2 years ago.  How will this tax cut benefit my friends who are struggling with the cost of health insurance? How will it benefit families across America who cannot find health insurance and cannot find work? The answer, sadly, is that it is not designed to help them at all.  President Bush comes before us with a tax cut proposal that is a nonstarter. It serves his political philosophy, which is to propose a tax cut whether we are in good times or bad, but it does not serve America and its needs. Our fear of government, our fear of working collectively to solve problems, has driven this Senate and this Congress away from the reality of the challenges of life in America.  We passed a bill called No Child Left Behind. The President said: This is my answer to education in America. And then the President comes back and refuses to fund it. It is an unfunded mandate on the schools of Illinois, Ohio, New Mexico, and Nevada, when these States are facing deficits.  When it comes to health care, this administration has no proposals or suggestions to help the families and businesses struggling to provide health insurance to cover their kids.  When it comes to prescription drugs, there is lip service--nothing that will provide real and meaningful relief from the cost of prescription drugs, particularly for senior citizens and disabled people.  Instead, what are we suggesting? We are discussing a tax cut with the Bush approach, a tax cut that will say to people making over a million dollars in income a year, this elite class will receive about $90,000 more in breaks from the Federal Government.  What is wrong with this picture? I will tell my colleagues what is wrong, from my point of view. It depends on one's outlook on the future of America. If they believe the future of America is driven and controlled by elite investors, the highest-income people in America, then they should sign on quickly to the Bush tax cut. That is what it is designed to do, to provide to those elite investors, those dividend earners, extra benefits so they can have a more comfortable life and perhaps spend their money in ways to help the economy. That is the Bush approach. For most Republicans--not all,but for most Republicans--that is their approach.  There are others, such as myself, who take a different approach. We believe the future of this country has always been based on hard-working families, those middle income working families which have made this country great. They have played by the rules. They paid their taxes. They have raised their families. They have been conscientious in making certain their schools and neighborhoods are strong and safe.  What do we give them in this tax cut? Not $90,000 a year, like the millionaires in the Bush tax cut, but around $400 or $500 a year. That is not fair and it is not right. It is what we face time and time again when it comes to dealing with the problems across America.  This week, the Senate will consider amendments to this tax bill. Republicans and Democrats will be given choices as to whether they want to cut taxes at the highest levels in the highest brackets or whether they want to provide real tax relief to working families and small businesses across America. The choices will be stark. They will contrast our attitude toward life and our attitude toward America's future.  Is it worth it to reduce the tax cuts of people making over $300,000 a year or give a tax credit to small businesses that offer health insurance to their employees? I would like to take that issue back to Illinois. In fact, I will take it back to any State, and I know what I will hear from small businesspeople and their workers: For goodness sakes, it does not make any sense to give a tax cut to people making over $300,000 a year. Give a helping hand to the families struggling to get by.  Senator Schumer of New York is going to offer his amendment, which goes to the heart of the future of America. It goes to the cost of education.  We now know what happens to young men and women, accepted to the best schools, finally graduate and find themselves deep in debt. Senator Schumer and others and I have joined to offer an amendment that says the cost of college education should be deductible so families wanting to give their kids the best, wanting their kids to achieve the most in their lives, will have a helping hand from this Government.  What makes more sense, a tax break for an individual already successful in America making over $300,000 a year or a tax deduction for a working family whose son or daughter has been accepted to the college of their dreams, the best school possible, who just need a helping hand from this country so they can be all that they can be, achieve greatness?  That is an easy call, too. I will take that home to Illinois, and I invite President Bush to come to Illinois and debate that. Pick the town, Mr. President. Whether he is going to be visiting Nebraska or Indiana, I would like the people in those environs to have the choice the Senate will face this week, choices that are meaningful.  I close on this point. We have lost more jobs under this President than anyone ever imagined. In the Clinton 8 years, 22 million new jobs were created in America. Under the Bush administration, with this recession, we have lost more than 2 million jobs. In fact, we have lost more than 2 million jobs since the President's last tax cut, that failed policy which took more than $1 trillion from the Treasury and did not create jobs in America. It was a failure then and this replacement, even if it is smaller, will fail as well.  Sadly, the unemployed people across America are reaching a level of desperation. They cannot find jobs in this economy with this recession.  My home State of Illinois announced last week an unemployment rate of 6.3 percent. We are in the top four States of unemployment across America.  I met some of the workers while I was back this weekend. One man who was in the communications industry lost his job last December after working more than 30 years. He is desperately looking for a job and does not know which way to turn.  Unemployed people like him across America, victims of this recession, cannot get a helping hand from this Bush administration. The helping hand is extended to the wealthy, to the millionaires, to those with all the dividends who want all the tax breaks, but no helping hand to the poor unemployed family member trying to keep it going.  During President Bush's father's recession in the early 1990s, we extended unemployment benefits five different times; three times under President Bush senior, twice under President Clinton. In this administration, with this terrible recession, we have extended them only twice. Individuals are falling off eligibility. What happens to a person unemployed, no longer eligible for unemployment compensation?  You can count on the following: First, they will find it difficult to pay their utility bills. Second, they will find they have to make real sacrifices on the basis of family, food, clothing. You will find many of them moving in with family and friends. You can count on one of the first items to go being health insurance. They have just enough money not to qualify for Medicaid for the poor but sadly not enough money to provide health insurance for their family.  Over the weekend, my friends talked about health insurance and said, we feel very badly for people who are poor, those who are unemployed, but it is the working families of America who are losing today. This tax break, this $400 to $500 billion tax bill, ignores those families, ignores that reality, and in ignoring that reality, it calls into question whether those who have dedicated our time to public service are really listening to the people we represent.  I hope during the course of this week as we debate this bill and we debate the debt limit, as we get into these important issues, some of my friends on both sides of the aisle will reflect on what they have heard at home from the real working families of America. They need help. The Bush tax program does not help. It is irresponsible. It is unfair. It will not move this economy forward.  I yield the floor.  